===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-22 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Kimberly-Clark First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call Question-and-Answer Session. I will now hand it over to Chris Jakubik, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Christopher Jakubik: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. This is Chris Jakubik, Head of Investor Relations at Kimberly-Clark, and thank you for joining us. I would like to remind everyone that during our comments today, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties, and these are discussed in our earnings release and our filings with the SEC. We will also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures during these remarks. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for and should be read together with GAAP results. And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and the supplemental materials posted at investor.kimberly-clark.com. With that, I will turn it over to Mike for a few opening comments.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thank you, Chris. In the first quarter, we continue to make solid progress across the three pillars of our Powering Care strategy, building on the strong foundation we established in 2024. While our top line was somewhat softer than our expectation, the first quarter overall was consistent with our full year plan. Our results demonstrate that our cascade of innovation across the good-better-best value spectrum is winning with consumers. We held global weighted share while navigating our dynamic environment. Volume plus mix was solid, demonstrating that demand in our categories remains resilient. We made strong progress optimizing our margins and continued to deliver world class gross productivity enabled by our integrated margin management approach. Our freshly wired enterprise matrix organization is playing a key role scaling initiatives in 2025, and this is enabling us to bring the best of Kimberly-Clark to all markets faster and better than before. In addition, we're on track to generate approximately $200 million of SG&A savings in the next few years. We remain confident in our ability to execute the plan we outlined for this year even as we navigate a rapidly evolving external environment. In fact, Powering Care gives us a running start. In this evolving environment, we see three keys to winning. We will deliver stronger differentiation at every rung of the good-better-best ladder. We will deliver industry leading productivity to generate funds to reinvest in the business, drive profitable growth and address external headwinds. And we will continue to enable a faster, more agile organization. We're continuing to perform while transforming. We're scaling our transformation and reshaping our portfolio for stronger, more profitable growth over the long-term. As we move forward, we will stay true to our purpose and values to deliver better care for a better world. And we remain confident in our ability to unlock our long-term potential for our consumers, our company and our shareholders. And with that, I'd like to open up the line for questions.
Operator: Certainly. Everyone at this time will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is coming from Lauren Lieberman from Barclays. Your line is live.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks. Good morning. I know there's a lot to cover today, but I was hoping we could start with organic growth. So results in North America significantly trailed what we've seen in scanner, which was pretty strong actually. And we didn't see in scanner the kind of deceleration a lot of other companies and categories saw during the quarter. And I know in the prepared remarks you mentioned there was no retail destocking. So it'd be great if you could just help articulate, kind of what drove the gap in North America performance reported versus what we saw on scanner. And then secondly, just to get to something north of 1.5% to 2% organic sales growth for the year, so better than category growth implies a significant ramp after the first quarter results globally. So helping you could just talk a little bit about why we should expect to see that acceleration? Thanks.
Nelson Urdaneta: Sure. Thanks, Lauren. And let me I'll get started with bridging the first quarter and how we expect the balance of the year to evolve, the acceleration that we are foreseeing in volume and mix, especially as we go into the second quarter. And then I'll ask Mike if he can jump in, in terms of some of the key initiatives that are being taken across the globe as we speak. So firstly, as Mike said, our organic sales were slightly below our expectations for the first quarter, while profitability was in line with what we expected, supported by strong productivity delivery both in costs and overheads. As a reminder, we're lapping the strongest quarter in 2024 in which we grew 5.6% organically last year. There were four factors at play in the first quarter when we unpack organic sales growth, which helped bridge scanner data consumption to what our organic sales came in. Firstly, as we stated, weighted average category growth was we had expected to be around 2% coming into the year. That's what we had seen at the end of 2024, whereas for the first quarter, we're in the 1.5% to 2% range. So that's the first factor. The second is this year has one less day of shipments in the first quarter as well as in the full year, whereas scanner data is apples-to-apples in terms of days and weeks versus the prior year. And this is representing about a 100 basis point impact to organic sales in the quarter. Thirdly, we're facing lower year-on-year North America private label shipments outside of the private label diaper business exit we've been highlighting, and this as a whole represents about 40 basis points to total company organic sales. And in the case of North America, which you asked, it's about two times that, about 80 basis points of a headwind. And then lastly, we had planned strategic pricing investments in price pack architecture across several markets and categories, including US consumer, which started happening at the very end of 2024, US professional, where we've been maneuvering through a highly competitive environment in certain segments within professional as well as some of our emerging markets. Now going into the full year and our expectations in the year to go, first, consistent with our long-term algorithm, we continue to target a volume and mix based organic growth for the year that's ahead of the categories in our markets. We have a strong slate of new product and go-to market activations that are happening as we speak. They're being ramped up. We started at the March, and that's happening through Q2 and parts of Q3 and investing heavily behind it, and that's one of the pieces that should accelerate volume and mix in Q2 and on. The other bit is when we do the comparison against the prior year, assuming shipments are in line with consumption, we should see just less than 40 basis points of a tailwind in 2025 versus 2024 from the retail destocks that we experienced last year and that's all built into our outlook for 2025. So as we get into the quarterly perspective, it's really going to be basically on the year to go a comparison of quarter-over-quarter, and that's the progression that we're seeing. And Q2 in particular should be one of the easiest comps that we have because of the destock level that we saw in North America, which overall would represent a tailwind of around 80 basis points for the company. And again, that's primarily in North America. So overall, we are expecting to see volume and mix to accelerate in the balance of the quarters for the year. And I'll turn it over to Mike for some further perspective on the initiatives.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Lauren, I'd say one, we have a strong pipeline to improve our consumer value propositions around the world. And that's why we felt like it was very important despite some of the external headwinds we're seeing to preserve the fundamentals of our plan and execute it. And so, overall, I'm going to say a couple of things. Growing faster than our categories and markets depends on how well we provide better care for our consumers. We expect to deliver healthy volume and mix driven organic growth. And as Nelson points out, we do believe that will accelerate in Q2. What's behind that is a slate of innovation that we've launched. I mentioned in my prepared remarks, Huggies Snug & Dry North America, that's only recently started shipping and it's barely started shipping and it's a great product. If you look at the reviews, it compares very favorably to the premium tier even though it's targeted against the mainstream value shopper. And so we feel great about the innovation. We also have a broad slate of improvements that have yet to start shipping in international, including Latin America, where we have seen a little bit more softness recently. And we're going to make some significant product improvements internationally along the same lines, improved product quality. And so that's really the basis. Our whole strategy is predicated on we're going to make better products at a lower cost and we're going to innovate to do so and we're going to pull on the matrix to work faster to bring the best of what we have to markets around the world.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Nik Modi from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is live.
Nik Modi: Yes, thank you. Good morning.
Mike Hsu: Insightful show yesterday. Hi, Nik.
Nik Modi: Thanks. Good job. So I guess, Mike, the question is just given the value seeking pressures that we're seeing pretty broadly that I think we can all agree will probably persist for at least the next few quarters. You talked about innovating at different tiers and but how do you manage that along with the price mix and kind of your margin cadence, right? So just trying to get an understanding like is the revision just a tariff related thing or are you also baking in some kind of mix weight as you kind of innovate more on the more of the value end of the market?
Mike Hsu: Yes, Nik, I would say the revision of the outlook is primarily headwind cost related, right. And so and I'll say strategically, I think as we're implementing our innovation strategy and our marketing strategy, I think we've accounted for some of the mix differences. But I want to say a couple of things. One is that our categories continue to exhibit very resilient demand. I mean, the category growth, as Nelson pointed out, has decelerated, but it still remains healthy. It's 1.5% to 2% versus two-ish at the start of the year. That reflects a little bit less pricing as we had highlighted in international. And then there is some frequency and softness across Latin America, which is under the gun economically as well. I will say though, in our categories, they are daily use categories and consumers remain interested in the product performance and they're interested in better performing products. I think, Nik, increasingly, affordability has become paramount more than kind of it's been in my dozen years, dozen plus years here at KC. And so we're very focused on that. We recognize that situation and we understand the burden that I would say the middle income to lower income households are dealing with. And so, we are our strategy is to, we've said in the prepared remarks, cascade our innovation from premium throughout the tiers. And again, I think the Snug & Dry example that we pointed out, I think one of the analysts sent us yesterday the reviews, they compare very favorably to our tier five product, and we're okay with that. Part of that is how we manage the mix and the margin structure. But also, I'd say, we're going to prioritize winning the consumer and winning the share. And then part of management's job is to figure out how to solve the mix issues, and our teams are doing that. So what we want to do is put the best product in front of the consumer and get them into the Huggies brand or the Kotex brand or the Depend brand, and that's our job one. And then, secondarily, we'll be able to manage the mix over time, we think.
Nik Modi: Great. Thanks, Mike.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thanks, Nik.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Dara Mohsenian from Morgan Stanley. Your line is live.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, good morning.
Mike Hsu: Hey, Dara.
Nelson Urdaneta: Hey, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: So just wanted to get a bit more detail on the incremental $300 million in tariffs, I get the dynamics are rapidly changing on the tariff front. It did sound like previously you felt the tariff impact will be more manageable. So really two questions. Just first, short-term, Nelson, why is the situation more burdensome than previously believed? Can you give us some detail on where specifically the incremental $300 million is coming from? Is it pulp? Is it China? How much are other buckets, etcetera? And how much you're assuming you can offset through both price and productivity when you look at the full year guidance? And then the second, maybe a similar question just from a longer term perspective. Mike or Nelson back in Analyst Day 13 months ago, there was a lot of time spent on how you're able to potentially price quicker, more precisely, drive mix to offset cost issues, et cetera. Just where you stand as an organization 13 months later, should we think of this just as more of a discrete external issue, the tariffs that are one time and hard to sort of plan or manage for or has something changed in your ability to sort of use agility and flexibility to manage through the cost environment as you outlined down at Analyst Day as we move sort of past the tariff impacts we're talking about today? Thanks.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Let me start I'll ask Nelson to provide the details on kind of what changed. But I will say the whole underlying strategy and why we're rewiring our organization for growth is we want more agility. And so all the things you talked about, Dara, with, hey, can we move fast, whether it's on revenue management or on cost management, we're able to move faster now than we were just one year ago, right? And so that's kind of one of the key points. I would say just to comment on what changed, I would say what changed is I think the breadth and degree of tariffs and also the countries involved I think has changed significantly since maybe where we were at the end of the last quarter. And so I think that there has been, as everybody knows, it's a very volatile kind of environment and there's been a lot of change back and forth and continues to have change. And so this is kind of represents our best view of what we see today, which I'll let Nelson talk a little bit more about.
Nelson Urdaneta: Sure. And a few things. So back in December, Dara, when we, when Chris and I were at your conference, I mean, we chatted, we shared at the time that the majority of what we sell in the US is sourced and made locally here in the US. And that in terms of raw materials and finished goods, our combined exposure to three specific countries, China, Mexico and Canada, was just less or around 10% of our total cost of goods. If we factor in all of our raw materials and finished goods imports for our US business, 80% of our total costs in the US are US based, so only 20% of our US costs are exposed to tariffs. As Mike indicated, in the last 20 days, we've had to reflect cost impacts of actions on three fronts, which also include the depth of the actions. First is the aggregate US tariffs on China of 145%. This is driving about two-thirds of the $300 million gross impact that we have shared today. That's largely on finished goods per your ask of the breakdown. The other element is US reciprocal tariffs to Mike's point about breadth and reach, and that's about 10% that have been put in place on other countries, which we source from, and this is representing about 10% of the $300 million impact. And then lastly is the set of retaliatory tariffs that have been announced by other countries on the US and this is representing around 25% of that $300 million. We're working fast through actions to mitigate these costs, and frankly, the learnings that we had in the '21, '22, '23 cycle have come in pretty handy. And the other bit is that we're one year into our Powering Care transformation. We recently hosted many of you at our Beech Island facility to showcase some of that transformation in action and what we're doing about it. And frankly, at this moment, we're much better positioned to handle through many of these headwinds. Now it takes a little bit of time. You can't solve that overnight because we're having to reaccommodate some of the elements of our supply chain, and we intend to already be able to address about a third of the impact this year. Now it'll take us through 2026 to pretty much be able to address the whole element in a consistent manner based on what's been enacted today. As always, we will keep our consumers at the center of any course of action that we take to make sure that we're having the right value props in place.
Mike Hsu: All right, Dara. We're going to give it to you like a fire hose because, sorry, we got a lot to say on this, but I will say the big thing I want to emphasize is and there may be some semantics here, but you mentioned is it a discrete item. And at this point, I am treating it as a discrete item, right? There's an externality that we don't think will continue to recur over time. And so what we want to do is run the play, run our plan as intended, right, and give the innovation and the marketing and all the productivity plans room to breathe and so we want to execute those. So our global network, I really feel strongly positions us to navigate this volatility in the environment very, very well. And so as I mentioned, Powering Care, the strategy that I outlined, I think we continue to be very committed to that strategy. We want to differentiate our brands through superior innovation and activation. We want to deliver world class levels of productivity. We want the organization to work faster. And so those are all, I would say, evergreen things that would be good in any economic environment, but especially in this environment. And then the other thing I want to point out is that this change in the tariff environment, while it presents a near-term challenge that we just kind of went through, it also presents some opportunity. And so we feel like the best approach to mitigate the headwinds is to re-optimize the network, right. And so, what this has done is change kind of like the cost of different nodes of our network and change some of the operating constraints. And so, we just have to rerun the model and in my words kind of re-optimize what our flows are, right. And so that's part of what we all signed up for. I think the other thing is over the last couple of years, we've really enhanced our ability to deliver better products at lower cost. Huggies Snug & Dry is a great example with the US, China and the rest of the world working together to deliver a superior proposition. And so we also think that there is going to be more value oriented volume to be earned, and we're confident in our ability. So, we're going to maintain brand and product support that we anticipate at the start of the year and then we are working hard to accelerate savings so that we can drive durable solutions.
Dara Mohsenian: Can I just quickly follow-up? Yes, that's very helpful, and a lot of detail. The value conscious consumer that you've talked about in the prepared remarks and so far in Q&A, how much of that have you seen so far versus it's more of a forward expectation? It sounds like that's more expected from here. And you obviously talked about the broader product offering, the innovation winning with consumers. But just can you talk about the need for maybe investing in affordability and the pricing side of things, particularly given the pricing result that we saw in the quarter here in Q1? That'd be helpful. Thanks.
Mike Hsu: Yes, I mean, I think it was it's a subtext in our whole discussion, which is we've been seeing it, Dara, and you probably have been seeing it in our categories over the past year, right? I think there's been a migration to opening price point where that typically has meant more affordable opening price package sizes that consumers could get into. That's primarily for lower income households. I think on the higher income households, they're even seeking value by, I would say, larger counts at lower price per unit, right? And so we've seen both ends of it. And I think if you, and this was in the prepared remarks, but if you look at kind of the impacts on costs that are going to be hitting the average consumer in the US, I think budgets are going to be tight. And so affordability for us is core to our strategy here. It's why we highlighted what we're doing on Snug & Dry, which is our mainstream value play here on diapers in the US. We have that same strategy around the world and also across our categories. We want to be we want to offer a great product offering at the premium end, and that is going to continue to be a big growth driver for us. But we want to cascade the product innovation that we have at the premium end throughout the tiers that we offer. And then we'll let the consumer decide about which products they want.
Dara Mohsenian: Thanks. I'll get back in queue.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thank you, Dara.
Nelson Urdaneta: Thanks, Dara.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Anna Lizzul from Bank of America. Your line is live.
Anna Lizzul: Hi. Good morning and thank you so much for the question. First, I did want to touch on costs as well. The cost environment is certainly creating more pressure, and it is a very fluid environment or just related to marketing, is this impacting your ability here to invest or are you considering different means of where and how you're reaching different consumers now, just given they are more pressured? And then related to innovation, of course, understanding that plans have been made for this year, consumers are expecting to be more value conscious. Does this impact your longer-term strategy at all and thoughts around a more premium portfolio?
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes. So a few things. I'll start with the cost environment and what we're facing. So I'd like to separate it into two elements, and I'll build on the discussion we just had on the $300 million linked to the tariffs. Coming into the year, we expected costs to be largely in line in terms of inflation versus what we experienced in 2024. And that was around $200 million. That remains about the same. That has not changed. So costs, excluding the impact from tariffs have remained largely in line with what we expected at the beginning of the year. So that's one. What we're having to address is the $300 million of incremental gross impact from the tariffs. And as Mike said, this is something that we see as more discrete. We're rapidly move in to address at least a third this year and the balance of it going into next year. The reason why we are calling or changing our guidance for the year to about flat in operating profit and EPS has to do with the fact that we do not intend to cut investments behind our innovation and our plans. For the first quarter of the year, we invested at around a 6% level of advertising behind our marketing initiatives and our new products and existing platforms, which was largely in line with prior year and we intend to continue doing that as the year progresses because we've got significant innovation that's been put into the marketplace and it's going in into the market. There are pockets of initiatives that will be taken as well in terms of investments beyond just brands and it has to do with our supply chain. We intend to maintain our investments in the business. In terms of capital expense for the year, we called at the beginning of the year around $1 billion to $1.2 billion. It largely has to do with the transformation of the supply chain as we're into the second year of Powering Care and we are maintaining that level of investment despite the headwinds that we just talked about. So overall, I would say, there's no impact to the long-term strategy. And we remain steadfast on progressing our Powering Care strategies and ensuring that we can drive sustainable profitable growth with solutions to unmet consumer needs for years to come. But Mike?
Mike Hsu: Anna at the risk of providing too much transparency, here's what I'll say, which is, look, we recognize that there's this discrete cost headwind. We believe we can generally offset that over time by reflowing our network, right, by resourcing kind of where we're making product and where we're shipping it from, and as you take that into account, they're mostly supply chain moves that are the solution. So believe that, Anna, then what we're trying to avoid doing is reducing quality in our product that's working or cutting marketing that's working and giving our plan a chance to breathe and perform like as we're seeing year-to-date, right? And so that's really the kind of the underlying thesis that we have, and we feel like it's the right play for us.
Anna Lizzul: That's very helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Javier Escalante from Evercore. Your line is live.
Javier Escalante: Good morning, Mike, Nelson, Chris.
Mike Hsu: Hi, Javier.
Nelson Urdaneta: Hi, Javier.
Javier Escalante: Hey, how are you guys? My question has to do with the use of pricing to drive mix. And if you can split the discussion between emerging markets and North America, right? Particularly emerging markets, you see currency headwinds, and you are making price investments. I know that this is a financial reporting issue that where you are making the price investments not necessarily correlate with what you are taking pricing to do the so-called PNOC. So that one aspect, but particularly also in North America, as you look to drive mix, are you increasing promotions in the high end? What exactly, if you can talk strategically about how you're using pricing to reconfigure the portfolio in the US and internationally, that would be very helpful.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Maybe the -- I'll start with a headline, Javier, that kind of says, hey, we're focused on driving volume and mix growth while maintaining PNOC or pricing net of commodity discipline, right? So we're trying to be disciplined on price. And maybe there's more embedded in that than may appear. The strategy is we're going to make our products better, right? And then I just kind of mentioned to Dara, every rung of the good-better-best ladder and then we'll let the consumers vote as to what the mix ends up being. Our job is to make sure that whatever mix flows based on how the consumer votes that it's acceptable to us, right? And that's part of management's job, right? But the other part of what's implied in that statement focused on volume and mix growth while maintaining PNOC discipline. The categories have seen a significant wave of pricing over the last several years, right? We just kind of or maybe two years removed from what I would call it an inflation super cycle. And so what we've been a little more focused in our current strategy is really anchored on, hey, improving the product quality, driving positive mix through premiumization by making premium products at a consumer's desire, right? And then over time, cascading that innovation throughout our value tiers. And so that's really what we're driving. There's no really significantly different strategy on a country-by-country or category-by-category basis to kind of optimize based on pulling different pricing levers. I mean, again, we're going to -- our teams, the directions of the teams is they have to have pricing net of commodity impact discipline. And but we want to drive the volume plus the mix growth. I don't know if that answers kind of what you're looking for, Javier?
Javier Escalante: Yes, sure. But let me drill down a little bit on North America specifically, right? If you can comment on the promotional environment, as you see it or you saw it in Q1 and what we should expect for the balance of the year given that you have more innovation coming in. And I suppose you want people to try that out. At the same time coincides with the tariff, right? And so help us understand how you see the balance of the year use of pricing relative to your innovation?
Mike Hsu: Yes. Well, I think maybe it starts with the philosophy that we don't really see promotion as a sustainable driver of growth. We do see it as a useful trial vehicle for innovation, right? And so that's kind of the focus. Why do we have that attitude. We offer daily essentials that have, as you know, low substitutions. So really, if you think about our categories, promotion overall for the category doesn't grow consumption, right? Just because I promote that tissue doesn't mean you're going to go more often, right? And so thus far, what we're seeing is, sorry, what happened there, the category demand remains resilient, right? And but we do see promotion as an important tool to support trial. Kleenex is a great example. I think we were up over 400 basis points on share last year. We did promote, Kleenex and merchandise it, and we think merchandising has been an important strategy or an important driver of that growth. In the quarter, we were up another 150 or so basis points on Kleenex. So that's a good one. With Huggies Snug & Dry and Huggies Skin Essentials, they're great new products. We want them in consumers' hands. We are going to spend some time promoting them, right? And but that's not a promotion-driven strategy, but it is part of the overall plan to drive trial of the products that we want consumers in the consumers' hands, right? So that's kind of what we're doing. And I would say we're operating consistently around the world on that. The big thing for us is and this is beyond North America, we want to cascade great innovation. We want to drive it in the premium tiers and we want to cascade it throughout our tiers around the world.
Nelson Urdaneta: And just to build one more point, Javier, I mean the -- you're always going to see some elements of moves across channels and price pack architectures and that's something that, again, we activated at the end of last year as part of our reaccommodation of the channel strategy. But that's more of adjusting to the realities of the marketplace and where we see the growth coming, but that's not in it for us to be promoting, as Mike said. So it's very different. And the other bit is, remember, integrated margin management, including our productivity plans allow us to be able to flex when needed to make sure that we remain competitive, not just in the US but across the globe.
Javier Escalante: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thanks, Javier.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Bonnie Herzog from Goldman Sachs. Your line is live.
Bonnie Herzog: All right. Thank you. Good morning.
Mike Hsu: Good morning.
Nelson Urdaneta: Good morning.
Bonnie Herzog: I had a question on guidance. I guess I'm trying to bridge the gap between your new EPS guidance versus prior. So hoping you could maybe walk through the different puts and takes you're now guiding currency neutral EPS growth of 50 bps at the midpoint versus roughly 6.5% prior. You certainly highlighted the negative impact from tariffs of $300 million. So could you walk through some of the other assumptions or puts and takes to your new EPS growth guidance? I guess hoping you could help quantify the impact you expect from stepped-up productivity savings as well as what sounds like your expectation for greater price investments this year as you've kind of mentioned like to really improve your competitiveness and affordability. And I guess in the context of that, how big of a risk is there that you're going to need to maybe increase investments further to improve your competitiveness, especially private label pressures intensify in an economic slowdown. Ultimately, I'm just trying to understand what's factored into your guidance, your new guidance. Thank you.
Nelson Urdaneta: Sure, Bonnie. So in a nutshell, the real big change in terms of our guidance is the new news on the cost front and $300 million gross, which on a net basis is around $200 million. That's the real move, and that's what brings us to about flat on the year, give or take, on both operating profit and EPS. There are slight moves on the currency, but there are also moves elsewhere. That's not really driving it. It boil down to the $200 million net headwind that we see for the year. That's really what's in it. And it is reflected in terms of our expectations of gross margin and that's what we're building inherently in the outlook that we're providing today because what's going to happen and what we foresee is Q2 will be the biggest impact from a headwind related to the tariffs. They're in full swing right now. And again we've only reflected in this outlook, what's then enacted both domestically here in the US and outside of the US. And as such, thinking about the quarters, we would expect a headwind of around 200 basis points for Q2 versus prior year. As we progress through the year, that would be mitigated as we enact all of the different changes we're doing in terms of our supply chain and the mitigation plans are being enacted and implemented. The other bit is, does it impact our ability to invest? No. As we stated, at the beginning, we intend to keep investing behind the innovation and the marketing plans that are in place and in play today, and we're not going to stop any of the investments in our supply chain. If anything, we'll have to accelerate some of them as part of the mitigation plans that are being implemented.
Mike Hsu: The other thing I'll add, Bonnie, and I think part of your question was on the stretched consumer and what do we do about that? I think one is, this is not a new trend. And so we all kind of saw where the puck was going last year. And so one of the hallmarks of the plan for this year is what we're doing, what I mentioned on Snug & Dry or our mainstream value, which is we want to improve our mainstream value offering. Our approach would be let's improve the product and give that a chance for the consumers to touch and feel that and get that in the house. Apparently, I was just looking at the online reviews yesterday at some retailers and the new Snug & Dry is almost five stars out of five, right? And so it's a great product. We feel great about that and that approach. It compares favorably with the tier five or the premium products. But that's okay. I think our philosophy internally would be, hey, let's make a great tier four product. And the tier five teams can figure out how to beat that. And that's kind of how we're approaching things. I do recognize that promotion has ticked up just, I would say, a touch in personal care in North America, not significantly. We're, at this point, we're still running our play. We had a plan for promotion. It's more focused on trial of the new products. And so that's kind of the play that we're running for now. But we recognize we're going to have to continue to be agile.
Nelson Urdaneta: And, Bonnie, I would like to add. Sorry, go ahead.
Bonnie Herzog: Oh, no, no, please, go ahead.
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes, I would just like to add one other thing in terms of as you think about the margin progression and some of the elements that are in play, we're already seeing some of the $200 million in SG&A savings that we had committed to starting in 2025 through 2026 coming through in Q1. So those savings, I mean, just to give you a perspective on overheads, SG&A alone, we were at around 13% for the quarter versus a 13.2% prior year. So those savings are giving us some leverage in terms of offsetting and maneuvering through some of the headwinds, but also delivering the fuel to be able to continue reinvesting. But I think you have something else you want to bring up.
Bonnie Herzog: No, no, that was honestly exactly what -- where I was going with this. So it sounds like you do have the flex if the environment deteriorates further, so you can remain competitive. It sounds like, yes, exactly what you just said you have some of this fewer leverage to kind of reinvest in the business, et cetera. So that's helpful.
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes, I mean, we have it and the whole thing is that, again, it's not immediate. And that's why we're saying that it takes a little bit of time for things to work through. But mid-term, long-term, we do see the solves.
Bonnie Herzog: All right. Thanks so much. I'll pass it on.
Mike Hsu: Yes, just one note, Bonnie. I would say and that's kind of why we made the change in the outlook we did. It's given us the opportunity to preserve the plan that we believe in and that we believe is working.
Bonnie Herzog: All right. Thanks again.
Mike Hsu: Great. If we could take one more question, that'd be great.
Operator: Certainly. Your last question is coming from Chris Carey from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is live.
Mike Hsu: Hey, Chris.
Nelson Urdaneta: Hey, Chris.
Christopher Carey: Hey, everyone. So one kind of around COGS and then a separate question, the bigger picture. The savings program, so you're going to be a bit higher this year than your going expectations. This is going to be the second year running. It would appear that you're running ahead of the multiyear plan on gross productivity savings. So are you pulling forward future savings? Are you now thinking that the savings program will be bigger over time than your prior expectations. So if you can just expand on that. And then if I could, just secondly, I'm struck by the conversation during this earnings call where clearly a number of analysts are trying to figure out in a way, we have more inflation and yet continued strategic pricing decisions and I understand tariffs are discrete. But nevertheless, it is interesting in the context of your Analyst Day when it was you're kind of making the case that you can manage through these cost environments, maybe a bit more, with a bit more agility. And so is this your decision to basically take a little bit of a hit on tariff to keep the plan in place or are we perhaps talking about a retail environment where you're unable to pass through higher cost for tariffs as retailers themselves are dealing with a lot of incremental tariffs on gen merchant and other such categories. So I wonder if you could just comment on maybe like why you're sticking to this pricing program outside of just, well, we want to stick to the plan. I wonder if there are other things going on. So thanks for those two items.
Mike Hsu: Yes. At the risk of oversharing, I'll just try to illustrate a little bit, Chris, it's a complex, the tariff situation creates unusual complexity because companies have different positions and different, I would say, sourcing strategies for different markets, right? And so it's not as simple as what tariffs are in so you price it all away, right. Because and in our case, why wouldn't we do that? Well, because we believe we can mitigate most of the cost by switching sourcing. So and that, and in some cases, we have competitors that don't have to switch sourcing because they're sourcing locally. And so you would price yourself to be uncompetitive and risk kind of eroding that business or taking it out, why you could have solved it by switching your sourcing solution. The problem with the sourcing is, it takes longer because we don't have everything where we need exactly where we need it now, right? And so because the world changed. And so that's why there's a hit to this year, which we think we will mitigate into next year or the year after is because we can mitigate over time with supply chain moves, but that they take some time to manifest. And so really that's kind of why you're getting the guide that you're getting. It's not an external kind of set of factors. It's more about us wanting to preserve kind of the plan that we have that we think is the right plan and working and then also recognizing that we have a solution, but that solution is going to take a little time.
Nelson Urdaneta: And then on the savings program and the progress that we're making against our stated target of $3 billion in five years, Chris, as you rightly mentioned, I mean, we had a very good year in 2024, our first year of the program, in which we delivered 5.9% of gross productivity, about $745 million of savings. And for this year, we've had a good start. Q1 was about 5.2%. And we've stated that our aim is to be in the upper end of the range of the 5% to 6%. So we are projecting another strong year in terms of gross productivity. The approach on integrated margin management that we started working on a couple of years ago is paying dividends. And really it's being embedded in our culture and has given us enterprise-wide visibility and accountability to be able to drive over time, margin enhancement across all of our businesses and be in line to deliver our stated target of at least 40% gross margin by the end of the decade and at least 18% to 20% operating profit margin as we exit this decade. It's not going to be linear as we said. I mean we look at it more on a year-over-year basis and a sustained period of time. In terms of, are we prepared to take up the $3 billion for the five year? At this moment, we want things to kind of play out over time. We're very encouraged by the opportunities that we see ahead of us. We were very encouraged by the second year that's in front of us, but we're only in a year anniversary since we launched the Powering Care program. So excited about the future on this end and the opportunities that this will create for us.
Christopher Carey: Thanks, guys. It's a complicated world. I appreciate the candor. Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thank you, Chris.
Christopher Jakubik: All right. Well, thanks, everybody, for joining us. And for the analysts who have follow-up questions after the call here we'll be available. So I appreciate the time.
Operator: Thank you. Everyone, this concludes today's event. You may disconnect at this time and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-28 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, welcome to the Kimberly-Clark 4Q 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to your host, Chris Jakubik, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Christopher Jakubik: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I just want to remind everyone that during our comments today, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties, and these are discussed in our earnings release and our filings with the SEC. We will also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures during these remarks. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for and should be read together with GAAP results. And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and the supplemental materials posted at investor.kimberly-clark.com. With that, I'm going to turn it over to Mike for a few opening comments.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thank you, Chris. 2024 was an outstanding year for our team and the future of Kimberly-Clark as we launched our multi-year Powering Care transformation strategy. Last year, we built the foundation to accelerate our growth in the years to come. We rewired our organization into three powerhouse segments to become a better, faster and stronger organization. We pivoted to volume plus mix-driven growth and established strong market share momentum. And we made the successful transition from margin recovery in 2023 to establishing a new phase of margin expansion in 2024. Our progress enabled us to deliver full-year results that exceeded our long-term algorithm even as we absorbed discrete headwinds. Now we enter 2025 with good visibility on the key drivers of our growth and profit potential. We're confident in our plans to deliver innovation led growth ahead of the categories in which we compete. We're continuing to invest in product quality, brand support and capability building and we're bullish on our ability to continue powering investment and bottom-line growth with industry leading productivity and SG&A savings through wiring for growth. This year, we'll continue to transform while performing, scaling our playbook and capabilities across the globe and shaping our portfolio for stronger, more profitable growth over the long-term. Through Powering Care, we're taking actions that are enabling us to navigate a dynamic environment and provide better care for a better world. Now with that, we'd like to open the lines for your questions.
Operator: Certainly. At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question for today is from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Mike Hsu: Good morning, Dara.
Nelson Urdaneta: Hey, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: Hi, good morning. So just hoping to spend some time on the top-line, maybe we can split it into the long-term versus the short-term. Maybe, Mike, you can just take a step back now that we're at year end, give us a review of where you think you stand on the organizational front with the rewiring plans you announced at Analyst Day, both in terms of reorganizing the way you approach the business, but also some of the tangible benefits from that. You talked about greater, more impactful innovation, more effective marketing, etc. So are you pleased with where you stand today? Maybe give us an update? And as you think about 2025, is it more of a step function in yielding some of those benefits from all those changes or do you see those benefits building more overtime?
Mike Hsu: Okay. All right. Thanks for the question. There's a lot in that. I'll try to get to all of it and Nelson and Chris may keep me honest here. Overall, Dara, I'd say, I feel very good about our setup for 2025 and also for the long-term. Maybe the one external piece I'd say is, our categories continue to exhibit very durable growth. The underlying demand is healthy. Our categories continue to expand in both dollars and units or value and units. And that's because -- I think we've talked about this before, Dara, we see really three durable drivers of growth over the long-term. Number one is penetration, which remains an opportunity. I'd say, the good news is, growth rate declines are leveling-off and in some markets, notably Korea, we saw a positive growth rate in the third quarter, which continued in the fourth and that was the first time in eight years. And in China was positive in growth rate as well. So I'd say one, on penetration, growth rate declines kind of inflecting a bit at least early signs. Aging population for adult care categories remains a big tailwind, especially in developed markets like South Korea and China, US. And then there remains in much of the developing world an expanding middle-class that remains a big driver for us. Second big thing, frequency remains strong. There is some pockets of softness, notably, I'd say in pockets of Latin-America and Southeast Asia, but frequency remains robust for us. And then maybe one of our bigger opportunities remains trade-up. Consumers remain very interested in better performing products and so we're seeing the premium end of our categories continue to grow. So with all that said, I'd say in the short-term, we're seeing, and I think it was in our prepared remarks, 2% category growth this year, which is on the lower-end of what we said, but I'd still say fairly robust, durable for our categories. The big thing is, our categories are daily essentials. And so they don't move around that much from day-to-day and year-to-year. So I'd say maybe that would be on the shorter-term. And then over the long-term, I think we're positioned well to deliver consistent volume and mix growth over the long-term. I think -- we believe our growth profile will continue to improve overtime, and that's, as I just mentioned, a function of demographics and income and all the investment we're doing to make our categories and our products and brands better. I think what we said last March at Investor Day, we expected weighted average category growth to revert to a historical range of 2% to 3%. And last year through the first-half, we were a little ahead of that. And then after lapping some price moves from the prior year, I'd say we've seen some lower frequency in some markets and a little bit of a slowdown in North-America professional consumption. But overall, I think the categories have globally performed pretty well. So I don't -- for this -- for the -- going forward for this year, I don't really expect a whole lot of new pricing that will -- that drive that up. And I think as I mentioned, the category we have at two -- around 2% this year and expect longer term 2% to 3% volume mix-driven, I think is a reasonable aspiration for us or for what the category is going to do and then we want to grow faster than that. So I'll pause there. I know there's a lot to your question. I just gave you a lot. Which other things did I miss?
Dara Mohsenian: That was very comprehensive. I think you got it all, but maybe I'll just follow-up on 2025 specifically, it didn't sound like you expect a lot of pricing. Maybe just take me through your decision process on pricing, particularly given some FX pressure and how you think about the balance between price and volume as you look out to 2025 and just level of visibility you can do at two-plus or better than category growth, presuming it stays in that 2% range. Just given if we strip out hyperinflation, you've been a bit below that the last few quarters. I know some of that's probably inventory, but just how you think about the level of visibility also specifically [Multiple Speakers]
Mike Hsu: I'll ask Nelson to give our thoughts on that.
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes, Dara. So let me give you -- unpack a little bit the top-line expectations for 2025 and also walk through the pricing trajectory that we've seen in 2024, because it builds into what we're expecting for 2025. So a few things. As Mike said, 2025 overall, we expect pricing to be pretty much muted on an enterprise level, aggregate, so largely flat. We're coming off a year as we put in our prepared remarks. And as you would have seen in the earnings release where the full-year pricing realization was more around 200 basis points for the enterprise, of which hyperinflationary and Argentina specifically contributed on the year about 300 basis points. Across 2024, that number came down every quarter. So from a 450 basis point contribution in Q1, that came down to 160 basis point contribution in Q4. That coincides with inflation tapering off in Argentina as the macroeconomic situation has been stabilizing, driven by the government actions that were taken about a year-ago. In fact, as we go into this year, whereas Argentina contributed on the full-year about 300 basis-points to [top line] (ph) growth and pricing in 2024, we only expect around 30 basis points tops in or less in 2025. So in essence, pricing is now going to be a driver of growth in 2025. It's really going to be a volume and mix-led growth. It builds on the transition that occurred in 2024. 2024 was a year in which volume and mix contributed 1.2 points of growth, volume being 0.8 points or 80 bps. And as we had -- and in Q4, that actually accelerated to 1.5% of growth. So it will be a volume mix led growth accompanied by continued gain in market share. For 2024, our weighted average market share was -- gain was 10 basis points and we expect that to be at least that or higher as we head into 2025.
Dara Mohsenian: Great. That's very helpful. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question is from Robert Moscow with TD Cowen.
Mike Hsu: Hey, Rob.
Nelson Urdaneta: Hey, Rob.
Robert Moskow: Hi, good morning. The productivity savings are really outstanding at 5.9% and it sounds like you're guiding to that again in 2025. And I wanted to know, in 2024 did any of that productivity savings help you on pulp costs? Because it would appear that pulp costs are going higher in 2025, do you have productivity baked-in in your procurement estimates for that and any other commodities? And then secondly, you're confident in your PNOC outlook for 2025. Maybe give a little more color on that and how it compares to how you did in 2024? Thanks.
Mike Hsu: Yes. So a few things, Robert. Yes, we're very pleased with the first year of delivery towards our $3 billion five year target of productivity, solid start. We stood up our global supply-chain organization on July 1 of 2024 and last year constituted the first year of our transformation of the global supply-chain. We did deliver historical high productivity and the lion share of the productivity was on what we call our integrated margin management productivity, which is what we're doing on our manufacturing facilities, largely networked optimization, automation, as well as value stream. In terms as it relates to pulp and any -- and any productivity related savings, that's really not the case. I mean we -- we've been managing commodity -- the commodity basket in a much more proactive manner and not in a reactive manner. As we've been explaining over the last couple of years, we've been engaging in strategic relationships with our suppliers that have allowed us to manage through the volatility that we would have seen in prior years. So on that end, as we go into 2025, our expectation is to be in the 5% range of productivity, a tad lower than the 5.9%, but solidly within what we consider to be best-in-class levels for 2025. We have significant -- significantly improved cost visibility in the next couple of years or so, and that's part of our integrated margin management approach and the strategies on risk management that we've deployed. We are confident in our ability to continue to drive in the mid, long-term of pricing net of cost that it's at least neutral. We've seen that play out. In fact, it was favorable in 2024. And as we go into 2025, we will continue to hone in our skills for our teams to manage towards a pricing net of cost at least neutral strategy.
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes, maybe, Rob, I'll just add, from my view, I'd say our Powering Care strategy is powering what we want to be on algorithm performance. And I think we feel very good about how our plans line-up for this year based on what we're seeing in the current environment. And I think one of the most important things is, we know we're lapping some discrete factors like this big private label exit and the PPE exit and some of the other things. But we do have very strong visibility into productivity and we feel great about that. And that's been the key driver for us to fuel our investment in the business and fuel our bottom-line growth. And then commensurately in last year and this year in this plan, we will continue to invest in pioneering innovation, strong commercial activation to drive volume and mix. And then on top of that, we're expecting to see some SG&A leverage through our wiring for growth initiative this year. So again, we're feeling very good about overall the productivity and our visibility into it.
Robert Moscow: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question for today is from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Mike Hsu: Hey, Steve.
Steve Powers: Hey guys, great. Thank you. Good morning. Just to put a -- I don't really want to ask about SG&A, but just to put a little fine point on what Rob was asking about. So it sounds like the -- on PNOC specifically, just given that it's going to be a volume driven year on the top-line and I'm assuming there's some cost inflation, it seems like you're going to have to overcome some net negative PNOC on the year. But tell me if that's the wrong read from what you said there [indiscernible]
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes. Probably that's not -- probably not what we meant to convey, but maybe -- yes. So maybe just to unpack on costs, because I think it's important to give kind of our view on cost for the year. So we -- in December, we shared that for 2025, we'd expected costs to remain relatively muted and manageable. And our expectation for 2025 is that, costs will be still elevated and on an aggregate basis, including currency, we expect to be at around a $200 million level, which is largely in-line with what we saw in 2024. So it is within the levels that we would consider manageable and what we've got. In terms of pricing net of cost, to your specific question, we still expect our teams to manage pricing net of cost neutral. At times, we will make strategic decisions around price back architectures or competitive elements where we'll make some tactical investments. But it is our expectations that teams will drive overtime lower total delivered costs. That's one of the key premises of Powering Care and why we've re-segmented the company the way we did it, so that we can drive the lowest possible cost in each of our products globally, while we drive the best performing products in each of our categories. But thats just to clarify on the PNOC, Steve.
Mike Hsu: Yes. And then maybe Steve, to start, I'll just pile on. And just to give you some context on how we're thinking about it. I mean, and I think we've kind of moved through this period of what we internally call an inflation super-cycle, right, where the company took on record inflation over a couple of years. I think we've moved past that. And so, starting last year and definitely this year, we're very, very focused on volume plus mix-driven growth. And then while maintaining PNOC discipline. So that's kind of the thing, which is, hey, we definitely see that pricing to offset inflation or the inflation super-cycle has kind of receded as we all expected. But we think going-forward, this is what Nelson is trying to communicate, which is, maintaining that discipline in PNOC going-forward, it's going to remain important. And right now, again, as I just said earlier, we feel like we have good visibility on our costs, but we definitely believe that pricing net of commodity and costing to be positive or in the -- over the long-term. And then -- so I think we have good visibility in costs and then we have a very good commercial toolkit. We've invested a lot in the analytical tools to support our revenue growth management capability. And so, we feel confident in that. But really, really the near-term focus is on driving volume and mix through the pioneering innovation and great commercial activation.
Nelson Urdaneta: And just to add there, Steve, keep in mind the productivity plan that we've -- that we're running right now. So we expect productivity to also be a contributor and an offset as an integrated part of integrated margin management for this year, at least in the 5% range, which will be another strong year of productivity in 2025.
Steve Powers: Yes. And actually that segues into my main question because it feels like this year, a lot of the overall productivity savings that will enable underlying profit growth to hit that high-single digit run-rate on a constant currency basis, seems like a lot of that's going to come from SG&A. So could you give us a bit more detail on the sources and timing of that productivity, your line-of-sight to achieving it cleanly and your confidence to be able to kind of get there without having to walk back some of the value-added investments that you made in 2024. Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Okay, Steve. Maybe I'll start with an overall perspective on marketing and then ask Nelson to comment specifically on the SG&A program. But I'd say overall, we're very comfortable with our current investment level in marketing. We're comfortable investing more to support faster, more profitable growth also, right? And to give you a little more perspective, our advertising spend has more than doubled since 2018, and we feel like we've gotten very strong returns on those investments. We closed last year 2024 at what I would say is a healthy 6.5% and Patricia Corsy, our new Chief Growth Officer, she's really, really here focused on helping us become world-class brand storytellers. And so, under her direction, we're doing a lot of things to improve our creative. One of an important one is, we're consolidating our agency partners both behind creative and the media side and that's going to both improve the content that we have and also the efficiency in spending. So with that set-up, I'd say, we're expecting to spend at a similar level in 2025, and we feel good about that. And as we drive additional productivity, we're going to continue to look for opportunities to spend more.
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes. And as it relates to the overhead savings in particular. When we were at our Investor Day on March 27, we said that our plan was to deliver as we went through our Powering Care program around $200 million of SG&A savings. And they kick-in once we were fully operational under our new segment structure. And that happened in Q4 of 2024. So we went live with the three new segments on October 1 and our organizational changes are pretty much in-place as we speak. So we expect those SG&A savings, to your point, to begin to kick-in a material manner in 2025 and that's built into our outlook. So, we said it will take us around two years for that to materialize. So this would be the first of the two years where we would begin to see those savings flowing through. And of course, we will make investments as we create space on the P&L, but we expect that to be part of the rationale of why we expect operating margins in 2025 to grow at a faster pace than gross margins.
Steve Powers: Yes. Okay. Very clear, very comprehensive. Thank you both. Appreciate it.
Mike Hsu: All right. Thanks, Steve.
Nelson Urdaneta: All right.
Operator: Your next question is from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Mike Hsu: Hey, Lauren.
Nelson Urdaneta: Hi, Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: Hey, how are you guys? Good morning.
Mike Hsu: [Multiple Speakers] long-winded today. So
Lauren Lieberman: It's going to do a lot to say. It's all good. So I wanted to just talk a little bit about sources of growth. So a lot of talk so far on the call about pricing, but one thing that stood out to me this quarter was the volume growth. And China numbers on Personal Care specifically cited in the release. You also had good volume growth in North America and in personal care in particular. But I was curious sort of when we can expect to start to see volume growth coming through from other markets because we're very US and China weighted at the moment. Share gains have continued versus Procter seemingly in those categories just based on what they've had to say about those businesses. And so, I was just curious if you could talk a little bit about broadening out sources of volume growth in terms of other geographies and just any kind of signs of changes in competitive dynamics that you may or may not be seeing? Thanks.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Yes Thanks for pointing that out. And I'll try to answer it. I would say it goes back to maybe a Board meeting we had probably about five years ago where our discussion internally in the Board meeting was, hey, if there are markets we have to win, it is the US and it's China. And those are our largest markets and are the biggest categories in the world. And so, I'd say the good news is, I think we've put our strategic focus there and it's working, right? And so, we're really proud of that progress that the organization is making. I'd say though, maybe I'll point out, Lauren, I do think it's a little bit broader than what you're seeing in the US and China. Maybe I'll just give you some facts. On the share front, we're making progress. And I am pleased with our progress, but not satisfied. Our focus continues to be building superior propositions at every rung of the good, better, best ladder and I think that's a unique kind of positioning for us that I think we're really happy to be in that space. As you may have seen, our 2024 weighted share was up about 10 basis-points and up and even in about half of our cohorts, but we had a very strong improvement in North America with the trend improving as the year went on, especially in diapers, adult and facial tissue. In North-America, personal care was up 80 basis points in weighted share. Consumer overall was up about 10%. And so -- and importantly, in North America, we were up in seven out of eight -- upper even in seven of eight categories. And then in our focus markets, we felt like there are some pretty solid gains beyond just China. Of course, leading off with China, Huggies was up 200 basis points in the quarter. But in the UK, another -- for our third consecutive year, Andrex, which is the [big bath] (ph) tissue brand in the UK, was up another 100 basis points. Kleenex in the UK was up almost 400 basis points in share. In the US, Kleenex was up almost 400 basis points as well. And then we had share growth in Australia and Indonesia, Feminine Care and then importantly in diapers in South Korea, which is a big business for us, we were up almost 400 basis points as well. So I think we're seeing pockets of growth. The thing that maybe you're pointing to, Lauren, is and it does kind of -- it's why we're doing the reorganization that we're doing. I mean the whole point of our new operating model is, we want to move faster to implement our global growth playbook. And we think this rewiring is going to better leverage our scale, brings the best of KC faster and better than any of the individual markets can do on their own. We -- as I mentioned in our Investor Day, we have great technology in our portfolio that most of the world hasn't seen yet. And so, that's kind of why we're doing this organization. And from my chair and I can see what all the teams are doing around the world, I'm seeing the benefits of these focus segments and I'm seeing like us move kind of great ideas faster into different markets. It's also why we're seeing the productivity spike up because we're bringing kind of the big supply-chain ideas faster around different parts of the organization.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thanks, Lauren.
Operator: Your next question is from Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs.
Bonnie Herzog: Thank you. Good morning.
Mike Hsu: Good morning, Bonnie.
Nelson Urdaneta: Good morning, Bonnie.
Nelson Urdaneta: Good morning. I was hoping to get some color on phasing this year. There are several moving parts, including the impact from potential retailer destocking, FX, your private label exit, etc. So
Mike Hsu: I think we just lost you. I don't know we just left. Holly are we still on.
Operator: Yes, Bonnie, your line is live.
Mike Hsu: Maybe, Nelson, you want to answer [indiscernible] and then we can follow-up when she is back.
Nelson Urdaneta: Okay. So let me let me unpack 2024 and the phasing that we saw because, clearly in 2024 we did see a series of one-time factors that led to sales, not necessarily tracking what you would have seen on the consumer offtake, which by the way, for the year in North America was higher than our sell-in. And it also had an impact on the phasing of earnings across the year. I do think that it is -- we need to recognize what our teams did across the year to manage through all these factors and still manage to deliver a solid full-year that was ahead of our algorithm that we had set-out back at the beginning of the year. The -- by far the most notable item that we faced last year was the retail inventory reductions, largely in the US. And as a reminder, the impact from changes in inventory on organic growth in any given period is really a change on change. And it's a function of shipments versus consumption in the prior year versus what's transcended this year. In 2024, between the restocking that we saw in 2023, and as a reminder, in Q3 of 2023 is when our supply chain largely normalized in the US and got back to full supply. And the trade destocks that we saw throughout 2024 as our service levels came up to the necessary levels where we needed to be operated, that led to a total enterprise impact on the year of around 60 basis points to full-year sales. And it was largely concentrated in the first three quarters of the year, but it caused some hiccups at least on the reported organic growth that you would have seen, not on the consumption. If we think about 2025, which is the phasing you were asking, Bonnie, a few things to keep in mind. Assuming that shipments are in-line with our consumption for the year, we should see less than a 40 basis point tailwind in 2025 versus 2024. In light of the changes in the trade stocks that we lap. So that would be built-in into our outlook. And the important thing to highlight is that our growth is going to be volume and mix-driven all across the year. So that's one of the bits to keep in mind as you look at the phasing. We are planning to build on share momentum, which we saw in 2024. And again, as a reminder, that was a 10 basis point share gain movement gain that we saw in 2024, and we expect that to be at least at that level, if not to accelerate in our outlook. In terms of overall P&L, we expect revenue sales to be largely evenly distributed first-half, second-half and our view on profits is more or less the same as well. We expect that to be more evenly distributed in 2025 than what you would have seen in 2024.
Bonnie Herzog: All right. I don't know if you can hear me, but thank you.
Mike Hsu: Okay. We got you back. Thank you, Bonnie. [Multiple Speakers] anything else. So
Bonnie Herzog: No, I think that covers that. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Mike Hsu: All right.
Operator: Your next question for today is from Anna Lizzul with Bank of America.
Mike Hsu: Good morning.
Anna Lizzul: Hi, good morning.
Nelson Urdaneta: Hi, Anna.
Anna Lizzul: Thank you so much for the question. In the prepared remarks, you mentioned that in international Personal Care, you're going to continue to be choiceful about the markets where you invest. You had exited markets like Nigeria. Just as you look at the business now, are there any other markets or regions where this might also be the case? And then separately in professional, this picked-up nicely in Q4. Just wondering if you can talk more about the momentum that you're seeing there and any other color on volume expectations here for 2025? Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Yes. I'd say overall, we did have a number of business exits, some are business lines like the private-label contract that we talked about, some were the PPE business that we talked about, but some -- we had a couple of markets, Nigeria, was one of them, Bolivia, another. And so, I'd say, overall, we feel very good about our portfolio. We feel good about all the categories we're in, but we are taking steps to make sure that all of our categories can continue to be robust and predictable contributors to growth in our returns. So that said, where we don't see a right to win, I think you'll see with our Brazilian tissue business, we did make a different kind of choice to optimize our participation. We'll continue to be very disciplined about that. Overall, though, we're going to be very disciplined and methodical about how we approach that. And then with regard to professional, yes, we feel very good about the overall position that we're in on professional globally. And I think I did mention there was a little bit of softness in the washroom business in North America. I think our team has put the right plans in-place for this year, and we expect that to continue to improve. And then internationally, I think we've -- we feel like we're making the right steps, growing the volume, growing the share and driving that business in the right direction.
Anna Lizzul: All right. Thank you so much.
Mike Hsu: Okay.
Operator: Your next question is from Peter Grom with UBS.
Mike Hsu: Hey, Peter.
Nelson Urdaneta: Peter.
Peter Grom: Hey guys, good morning. How are you? So I guess I was just -- I was hoping to get some more color on just kind of something you outlined in the prepared remarks, just the lower frequency of product use and due to consumer pressures in Latin-America and parts of Asia. Can you just unpack that a bit? I mean, is that like a broad-based comment? Is that something you're seeing across all CPG categories? Or is that a dynamic that's more specific to the categories where you compete.
Mike Hsu: I will -- I'm not looking at the categories in which we don't compete that closely anymore. So I'll confine my remarks to kind of what I'm seeing within our walls. But I would say it's an ongoing kind of, I would say, dynamic in our categories globally. And it happens more in countries that have what we would characterize as informal economies where people, let's say in a market like Peru, people are paid on -- I think it's something like -- 80% of the population is paid on a daily basis, right? And so when you have that, so what happens -- and this happened during COVID and we're seeing it now when economic conditions toughen and some people are working less, right, or earning less, the spending -- the spending moves in that direction because there's no other choice. And so what we -- what happens -- and the reason why it's probably a little bit more unique to our categories is because, let's say, on average, people use four to five diapers a day. If they don't have the money, they still want to be in the category. So they don't just exit the category, but they'll -- instead of using five, they'll go to three, something along those lines. And so we see that when -- in informal economies where economic conditions toughen a little bit and notably that's been in pockets of Latin America and pockets of Southeast Asia more recently, we see that type of behavior. And it happens year-to-year, but I kind of mentioned it because it's happening now and our teams are working through it.
Peter Grom: No, that's really helpful. And then just maybe a follow-up just on Bonnie's question on the phasing. So totally hear you, just 50-50 just in terms of profitability earnings. But in terms of growth, it's a pretty different trajectory first-half versus second-half. So maybe just walk-through that a little bit. And I guess maybe what's the degree of confidence or maybe said another way, what's the cushion you've embedded in the back-half outlook? Should some of these external variables like inflation or demand move against you? Thanks.
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes, Peter. So let me provide a little bit more color. So a few things. For -- as I said and we put in our prepared remarks, we expect the year to be around 50-50 first half, second half. In terms of growth year-on-year, I mean, it's really against the base and we will be lapping a stronger base, especially particularly in Q1, which is our strongest quarter of the year last year. So that's something that again, as you think about it, that will be having an impact on what you see as the growth. So that will play a factor into it. In terms of the pricing, as I stated before, pricing has been subsided -- subsiding over the course of last year and this year is really going to be all about volume and mix. Pricing as a whole is largely expected to be flat. That's what we've projected as of late with only max at this moment modeled 30 basis-point of contribution from hype inflationary economies to the enterprise. So that's what would play-out in terms of what we're projecting at this stage.
Peter Grom: Great. Thanks so much.
Mike Hsu: Thanks, Peter.
Christopher Jakubik: Maybe we'll take one more question.
Operator: Your final question for today is from Korinne Wolfmeyer with Piper Sandler.
Mike Hsu: Good morning, Korinne.
Korinne Wolfmeyer: Hey, good morning. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I was wondering if you could maybe walk us through in a little bit more detail the nuances around the gross margin expectations for 2025 and how we should be thinking about the expansion over the course of the year? And what are the different dynamics to be thinking about in 2025 versus 2024? And then as we -- as that flows down to the operating margin line, how should we thinking about the cadence of marketing and ad spend over the course of the year. Thanks.
Nelson Urdaneta: Sure. So a few things on gross margin. Over the last two years, we were very pleased with the job our teams have done in expanding margins. As a reminder, gross margin expanded in 2023 by roughly 300 basis points, 310 basis points and last year 200 basis points. On operating profit margin, in each of the last two years, we expanded the margin by around 150 basis points. Obviously, at a slower pace than gross margin because we accelerated investments, particularly behind the brands. In between 2023, 2024, we stepped up investments by around $250 million in advertising and support of our brands, which is what's supporting our innovation that's helped us turn into a volume mix growth led year in 2024 and what we expect for the year. Going into 2025, we still project gross margins to expand, albeit at a slower pace than what we saw in 2023 and 2024, driven by, one, we still expect to drive productivity. As we said, we -- it's the second year of our program and it will be in the 5% range, a bit lower than what we had in 2024, but still solid delivery of productivity. The contribution from pricing is largely going to be muted as we stated. So that's playing into it, but still we expect gross margin to expand. And then as we -- and we will be also making investments in our supply-chain. 2025 will mark an acceleration in the transformation of the supply-chain with stepped-up projects on-network optimization and in automation in particular. So we'll be reinvesting a significant amount of the productivity into our operations and hence why we expect the gross margins to still expand, but not at the pace of what we saw in the prior two years. Then as we go into operating margin, it's really about the leverage that we'll have because the SG&A savings, the $200 million that we've planned for as part of our Powering Care program will start to kick-in, in a meaningful manner in 2025 and 2026 as our new organizational structure is already in-place as we exited the year. So that's why at this stage we expect operating profit margins to grow ahead of gross margins, which we still expect them to expand, but at a slower pace.
Korinne Wolfmeyer: Very helpful. Thank you.
Christopher Jakubik: All right. Well, thanks everybody for joining us. If you have any follow-up questions, we'll be available all day to take them. So thanks again and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference, and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-22 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Kimberly-Clark's Third Quarter 2024 Question-and-Answer Session. I will now turn the conference over to your host, Chris Jakubik, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Christopher Jakubik: Thank you, and hello, everyone. This is Chris Jakubik, Head of Global Investor Relations at Kimberly-Clark and welcome to our Q&A session for our third quarter 2024 business update. During our remarks today, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties, and these are discussed in our earnings release in our filings with the SEC. We will also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures today. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered replacements for and should be read together with GAAP results. And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and the supplemental materials posted at investor.kimberly-clark.com. Before we begin, I'm going to hand it to our Chairman and CEO, Mike Hsu, for a few quick opening comments.
Mike Hsu: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. I want to let you know our team has made great strides advancing our Powering Care strategy, bolstering our confidence to deliver above our long-term growth algorithm in 2024. To be global category leaders, we must lead growth in our categories. We're executing and making steady progress on our strategy to achieve this. We're driving consumption and growing our share across categories and markets driven by our acceleration in innovation and enhanced commercial execution. Our productivity is fueling our investments in innovation to support our growth initiatives while delivering our bottom line growth aspiration. We've achieved key milestones and our transformation is on track with no disruptions. And notably, on October 1st, we successfully completed our new organizational structure to become a better, faster and stronger organization. We're rapidly transforming Kimberly-Clark to thrive in an increasingly complex and competitive global environment. However, there are some discrete headwinds that we are that are creating pressures on growth in the near-term. And these include retail inventory reductions as our service levels improve, lower demand in private label businesses that we're exiting and weaker than anticipated demand in North American professional channels and some pockets of deceleration in Asia and Latin America. And the actions that we're taking as part of our transformation strategy are positioning us to navigate a dynamic consumer and retail environment, accelerate investments across the enterprise so that we can lead market growth and enhance the value of Kimberly-Clark for all of our stakeholders. So with that, I'd like to open it up for questions.
Operator: Certainly. At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question for today is from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Mike Hsu: Hey, good morning, Lauren.
Nelson Urdaneta: Hi, Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: Hey, good morning. So I wanted to just touch first on retail inventory because you had talked about before the quarter some expectation, you were lapping some rebuild last year. But this has really been, I guess, a source of volatility. So I was curious if you could talk about kind of how you think about it, where service levels stand today. And also, is there anything going on from a shelf space standpoint because, again, the disconnect between shipments and consumption has been such a source of volatility? Thanks.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Thanks, Lauren. Yes, no disconnect from a shelving. I mean, we feel very good about our distribution growth, and SKU count, I think, remains robust. And we have a great innovation pipeline that we're bringing in that will continue to support that. So I would say the retail inventory reductions, they may be a little localized to us and do reflect, as you point out, Lauren, reflect the supply challenges we had last year. Just to give you a little, just to remind you, we had a packaging supplier that was down for a couple of months last year that impacted most of our Personal Care brands in North America. So and as we got back into supply, I think, we got fully back in the supply third quarter of last year. And so you could see in that chart that we had in our presentation kind of a spike in inventories in the third quarter last year, and we're cycling that this quarter. So I think that's really the overall driver. So between restocking last year, reductions this year and the hurricane, we've seen about an 80 basis point overall headwind to global net sales year-to-date, primarily in North America. And as I said, that reflects, I'd say, an improving service environment from our side and potentially impact from higher financing costs for inventory. At the end of the quarter, I'd say retail inventories look consistent to us with historical levels. So hopefully, I think we're -- we should be mostly through it. But we would say, hey, you are working through some dynamism in the environment. And so we could still see some further reductions through the retailer fiscal year-end, which happened in Q3 of next year. So if that persists at similar levels in Q4, we could be closer to a 3% organic growth for the full year.
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes. And a few things just to add on, as we think about the inventory, the hurricane impacts and what we had in Q3, Lauren, the quarter, consumer offtake in North America is pretty strong, both in Personal Care, Consumer Tissue combined, it grew 3.2%, so ahead of the category. And the disconnect, if you will, is really with the shipments, and that was impacted by a couple of factors. One, transitory factors, and that's the retail inventory changes, which, again, we lapped a bill last year. We had a slight reduction in inventories again in Q3 of this year. Then we had the impact of the hurricane at the end of the quarter with shipments out of the Southeast. And then lastly, some drops in private label volumes on both businesses we're exiting as well as some business we'll exit next year. The other bit to take into account is there was some underlying demand weakness in professional and some international markets that Mike referred to. But the key is the shortfall in Q3, about two-thirds is attributable to the transitory factors that I just referred to. And if you think about the North America business in particular, the combination of these two led to about a 280 basis point headwind in North America Personal Care, whereas in Consumer Tissue, that was around 350 basis points in Consumer Tissue in North America. So overall, that's how you would be able to bridge the two numbers.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. Great. Thanks so much. And I was just curious, just in the Nielsen data, for what it's worth, we've seen a surge in some of your categories in and around Port Strike. There's been questions around consumer takeaway ahead of the hurricanes. So did you see that anything to just consider in terms of shipment dynamics and any things to think about for 4Q that will be helpful?
Mike Hsu: Yes, Lauren, I would say we're not really expecting any benefit from any stock up behavior by consumers. I'd say, yes, we did see a little bit of it related to both the hurricane and potentially the Port Strike. I'd say, not meaningful at an enterprise level. And we would expect we'll kind of work through that in the quarter.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, perfect. Thanks so much.
Mike Hsu: Thanks, Lauren.
Nelson Urdaneta: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets.
Mike Hsu: Good morning, Nik.
Nelson Urdaneta: Hey, Nik.
Nik Modi: Good morning. Good morning, guys. So Mike, maybe you can just talk about market shares. In the release you suggested things looked pretty good from that standpoint. So I wanted to kind of get your thoughts on that and just the competitive environment in general. But just kind of tagging on to that on innovation. I mean, some of the data we've seen out of numerator on some of your innovation like Skin Essentials will suggests there's a very high cannibalization rate. And so I just wanted to get your thoughts on kind of how you think about innovation and the role it's going to play. Is this really about market share gains or is this about kind of expanding the value pool as you've been suggesting with some of the price tier opportunities that you have in the US and other markets?
Mike Hsu: Okay. I'll try to answer all of that, Nik. You may have to steer me depending on how I answer. But I think the short answer is, hey, we're after growing our market shares overall, and we're off to expanding the category. So it's both of those. I'd say I feel very good about the progress overall that we're making on market share. And for the quarter, I think overall, I think we are globally, overall, about flat on a weighted basis. And on a cohort basis, I'd say we're slightly more than half which is an improvement versus this time a year ago, pretty significant improvement. Importantly, I think in the US where we're making strong progress and so where we have at discrepancy in consumption. Consumption is very solid and we were up or even in seven of eight categories versus a year ago in the quarter and eight of eight sequentially. So I think we're making good progress on the market share front. And that's really driven by the strategy that we've been talking to you all about, Nik, which is, hey, we're investing to make better products in pioneering innovation. We're investing to improve our advertising and driving strong commercial activation and we're pulling all those levers together. So I think your question on innovation is overall, as we look to premiumize or drive trade-up in our categories, obviously, our preferred path is to do that in a margin-accretive way, right? And so if you're driving premium innovation, that should be at a higher margin. I'd say the overall goal is to delight the consumer in whatever way that we need to. And so in a lot of ways, like Skin Essentials, I feel great about the product that delivers really great benefits from a skin care perspective. That's kind of a new feature in the category and I'm excited that consumers see that worth investing in, right? And so that's a great thing. But we also are focused on every tier on the good, better, best spectrum, right? And so we're going to bring cascading our innovation throughout all of our tiers to make all of our products better. And so the short answer which maybe frustrate some of my organization sometimes when they ask me, well, do you want us to trade up or do you want the value, and I say yes, right? Because our job is to deliver across all tiers of that good, better, best spectrum.
Nik Modi: Thanks so much. I'll pass it on.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thanks, Nik.
Operator: Your next question for today is from Anna Lizzul with Bank of America.
Mike Hsu: Good morning, Anna.
Nelson Urdaneta: Hi, Anna.
Anna Lizzul: Hi. Good morning. Thank you so much for the question. I was wondering if you could talk about the private label businesses. You did exit certain private label businesses, which impacted this quarter. So can you give us more detail on where you are now in that process? Maybe what we should be expecting moving forward and just how is this overall helping you get to your longer-term gross margin goal of at least 40% by 2030? Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Thanks, Anna. Yes, I think the overall kind of underlying strategy behind the private label shift for us is we're really focused on proprietary science-based innovation in right-to-win spaces, and that's really behind our brands. So we really want to focus our capacity and technology investment in the brands to drive further differentiation. And so we've been moving out of some private label business for the past 18 months. That has enabled us to step up our growth in our branded business, for example, Kleenex, which was up almost 500 basis points in share this quarter or last quarter. That part of that is because we've been able to expand some of the capacity that we've had behind the brand. So I think that's been an important move. I think the last quarter in Q3, it's the first time that the exit combined with maybe some weaker private label sales that some customers was material enough for us to call out. And I think we noted that in our presentation. I did highlight last quarter that in 2025, we'll cease production for a large club private label diaper business in the US, and that's going to create a headwind of about 2% for us next year. And so as a result, our private label mix will shrink from about 4% in 2023 to about 2% next year and I expect that to decline further over time.
Anna Lizzul: Great. Thank you so much.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thanks, Anna.
Operator: Your next question is from Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs.
Mike Hsu: Good morning, Bonnie.
Nelson Urdaneta: Good morning, Bonnie.
Bonnie Herzog: Good morning. I wanted to ask about your gross margin, which it's expanded pretty meaningfully year-to-date and tracking ahead of pre-COVID levels. So just wondering how we should think about the sustainability of these margin levels, especially given the soft organic sales and probably the possibility that promos need to step up given pressures on the consumer and to limit down training. I guess what's the right level of support you see from a benign input cost environment and considering also your ongoing productivity savings. Thank you.
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes. So a few things, Bonnie. Overall, we're pretty pleased with the trajectory of our gross margins, operating profit margins and more importantly, gross margin dollars. I mean that's our focus at the end of the day because that's what really funds our ability to invest in the business, invest behind the brands and drive the sustainable innovation that we've been putting in the marketplace, which Mike was just talking about. For the year, what we've seen is we're right around an average of 37% gross margin, which is a pretty healthy gain. And we've been doing consistently for the last eight quarters or so, gains on gross margin quarter-after-quarter, year-over-year. And we still expect, as we exit the year to continue to have gains on gross margin on a year-over-year basis. A few things have played out in terms of what's driving the gross margin and why we still have strong confidence in our ability to get to our long-term stated goal of at least 40% gross margin or operating margin in the range of 18% to 20% before the end of the decade. And what's playing out is the following. One is, first and foremost, our focus on driving meaningful innovation and focus on making it accretive to overall margins. Secondly is our shift to really managing our cost basket in a different way than what we did, say, three, four years ago. We're much more proactive around risk management strategies, how we look at the cost basket overall, and that allows us to have more visibility into what's coming our way so that we can react appropriately. The third element, and it's been playing out very well this year, and it's part of our Powering Care strategy is our transformation in the supply chain. We've delivered very strong productivity through the first three quarters of the year. We're, this past quarter, $130 million, and that's just in our gross productivity from manufacturing and supply chain, not including procurement and we have a very strong pipeline going forward as part of our Powering Care strategy over the next few years as we really get underway to deliver that $3 billion. So we see that as very sustainable over time. A key point to take into account is margin progression is not linear. So there will be ups and downs quarter-to-quarter. The important thing is what's happening from a year-to-year basis and over time. So overall very pleased where we stand right now. We obviously, from a cost basket, that was part of your question. Right now, we are still staring at about the same number that we had provided as an outlook at the beginning of the year. We've seen a bit of an uptick on cost in Q3, but that's exactly in line with what we had projected. And we expect Q4 to kind of have the same trajectory that we have seen in Q3. So no change at this stage versus what we're seeing.
Mike Hsu: Yes. And Bonnie, maybe you touched on pricing or the promotion environment. I'll just say the overall, we're really focused right now on volume and mix-driven organic growth. And to do that, I think we're also very focused on driving what we call PNOC or price net of commodity discipline, right? And so and the magic of that is if we had that discipline on PNOC then the productivity kind of drives the margin expansion on its own. But I would say, overall, pricing to offset cost inflation is proceeding as we had planned throughout the year. We really want to be, as I had just mentioned earlier, better value at every rung of the good, better, best ladder. And so our focus on building the brands with innovation, world-class advertising or storytelling in our vernacular and then really, really strong commercial execution. That's kind of how we want to play it. I would say we do use promotion and but primarily as a trial driver with our pioneering innovation is how we think about it.
Bonnie Herzog: Okay, very helpful. Thanks for the color.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thanks, Bonnie.
Operator: The next question is from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities.
Mike Hsu: Hey, Chris.
Nelson Urdaneta: Hey, Chris.
Christopher Carey: Hey, everyone. So I just have a question about the new organizational structure and category growth. And then I'm going to sneak one in on just the Q4 operating profit expectation. So regarding the new organizational structure that you have in place as of October 1st, you also have an expectation for category growth to decelerate or at least to be the lower end of your long-term range. I think I saw that in the prepared remarks. And so how do these two things fit together, right? So the outlook for Q4 is, I think, similar to Q3, so maybe even a bit below that global category growth rate and yet you have the new organization in place. How long before this organization is really driving the outcomes that you're looking for? And specifically with an eye on 2025 where perhaps you'll have a little bit less pricing than you've had this year and where that organizational, those organizational changes are going to be an important part of driving organic sales growth next year. And I just wonder how you see that kind of top line trajectory coming together. And if I could just sneak in on Q4, is the operating profit being muted in Q4? Is that really a discretionary decision behind investment? Should we be expecting some narrowing of gross margin performance? How would you characterize just the relative differences between Q4 gross margin and just the sort of things that you're being a bit more offensive about from an investment standpoint? So thanks so much.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Chris, you're up earlier. There's a lot of questions to unpack in there. So just steer us around if we forget to address something. But one, I will say, I'm really pleased with the progress that our organization is making in implementing our wire for growth organization. And we've been operating that, as we said in October 1, officially. The little, the truth behind that is we've been doing that on an informal basis earlier. So I think it's gone off very, very well and we're starting to see the benefits of kind of moving in that structure. I'll hit on the categories. I'd say, hey, the overall categories remain resilient. Underlying category growth, I think, Chris, remains very healthy. Consumer interest in better-performing products remains healthy, especially in developed markets, but in developing and emerging markets as well. We're still very mindful about affordability and our need to strengthen our brand value propositions. So I'd say overall, the categories are growing in dollars and units. The underlying demand drivers remain healthy, and that includes penetration, which I think overall is stable, and long-term for us remains a big opportunity. We are seeing in some markets like lower births as you're well aware like in South Korea and China. But that has tempered and slowed down. The declines in the birth rate have slowed down. I'd say they actually have troughed. And so and our businesses are still performing well in that kind of environment. We have a lot of markets with categories that still remain at the very early stages of development across developing and emerging markets. And then, of course, this aging population is a strong tailwind for our Adult Care business across developed markets. And so I think penetration, I think, it's a good story. Trade-up remains a big driver of the category, especially in developed markets, but even including the developing and emerging markets, and we're still seeing the demand for premium products continue to grow, both in the US and developed and emerging markets. I think frequency is where we see typically some softness right now. Typically, in a tougher economic environment, consumers in some markets notably like in Latin America and Southeast Asia tend to try to stretch out their money a little bit by using the products for a little bit longer duration. And so we are seeing a little bit of softness in Latin America and Southeast Asia. And in addition, I think, we mentioned in our presentation, we're seeing some traffic slowdown in our North American professional business. So as a result, I think our full year weighted category growth is likely to be closer to 2% versus the 2% to 3% range that we had highlighted previously. That said, I'd say, we remain on algorithm. Of course, our goal is to lead category growth, which we will continue to do, we think. And then as we're flat to slightly up on share across our businesses globally this year.
Nelson Urdaneta: And let me unpack a little bit the top line trajectory and then we can get into the Q4 margins, Chris. So a few things as we look at the top line trajectory. So absent the transitory factors, a key thing is, one, pricing. We are lapping the pricing actions that have been taken across category, all players and ourselves. And as you can see from Q1 to Q3, what's happened is, and as we had projected at the beginning of the year, the impact of pricing in our overall organic growth has come down as expected. For the quarter, we were only 1% pricing. But if you go back to Q1, that was 4%. So it's been coming down and we expect that pretty much be the case as the year closes also because pricing in hyperinflationary economies has been coming down. The other bit is that it's also having an incidence on the category growth. While DQ has remained healthy, et cetera, we're seeing that pricing and you're seeing it in Nielsen data is also coming down, and that's having an impact on what you see in overall category growth rates. So that's something we expect to have. But overall, the key element is, as we said at our Investor Day, this new phase is really about volume mix-led growth and that's what we expect for Q4. If you look at our outlook for Q4, the implication of what we're stating is that we do expect our top line for Q4 to be actually stronger than what we saw in Q3 once we normalize for the transitory factors that we saw. And again, there could be one-offs. We can't predict what we don't control. But based on what we know, we'd expect that to happen on the top line. In terms of the gross margin for Q4, a few things. One, we are stepping up investments behind our brands and our platforms. We saw that play out in Q3 as we had signaled in July. We stepped up advertising spend by 60 basis points. We expect to step up advertising and brand support by at least that amount in Q4. So the combination of the two should be north of 7%. So that's one element to be taken into account. Secondly, there are some discretionary costs that we expect to hit our P&L in Q4. And last but not least is we had a little, I mean as we had indicated back in January, out of our bucket of input cost inflation, including currency because of the timing of some of the pricing actions in hyperinflationary economies last year and how these costs would slow in, we would be more back half loaded. That played out in Q3. That will play out in Q4. But overall, the key thing is we are making year-on-year strong progress on margins and we expect to continue to do that over time.
Mike Hsu: What did we miss, Chris?
Christopher Carey: That was -- I think that was as comprehensive as I could have hoped for. So thank you for entertaining all that. All right. Good luck.
Mike Hsu: All right. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Your next question for today is from Kevin Grundy with BNP Paribas.
Mike Hsu: Hey, Kevin.
Nelson Urdaneta: Hey, Kevin.
Kevin Grundy: Hey, good morning, guys. Good morning, Mike. Good morning, Nelson. Question for you on, as a follow-up on Chris' question, a bit of a different angle, though. Just as it pertains to visibility on results, sort of the mix, Mike, all this organizational change that you've kind of been pushing through in what is still a pretty dynamic environment. So I asked that in the context, the quarter fell a bit short of your own internal expectations in The Street. Some of these factors evolved throughout the quarter. There's something like the inventory build was known. When you're speaking with The Street as recently, it's like early September, it did sound some of these factors were really being amplified such that The Street was kind of braced for the magnitude of it. So I can appreciate the volatility of the environment. Nelson, your point on what the organization has done around productivity and visibility there further down the P&L certainly well taken. But my question for both of you really kind of speaks to the visibility you have as you're sort of contending with all this organizational change and why investors should not be concerned that this is really kind of a setback quarter in terms of the visibility that you're conveying and the guidance to The Street. So thanks for all that.
Mike Hsu: Yes. I think I'll start, Kevin, with one, I'm really, really pleased with the strong execution globally that we have from the team around the world. Overall, I'd say, I'm really pleased that we are managing the controllables very, very well. I think what happened in the quarter, I would say, certainly, I think you understand on the retail inventory, it's very certainly to be a transitory impact. I do think part of it is, we'll react to evolving market conditions. And so we've started to see a little softness in Southeast Asia and in Latin America and, as we noted, in our professional business. I think for us, the opportunity is we have good visibility on it. I think the organizational change has gone very, very well. We've been operating, I would say, in our words, internally a soft reorg condition for the past six months. And so I think we have pretty good visibility operationally. And importantly, management in the markets that are running the businesses has not changed significantly. So I think that should give us our investors' comfort there. I think what we are calling out is there is some softness in some markets that we're all aware of. Some of that is certainly category conditions are the things that we could be doing better from a product perspective or a marketing perspective? Sure. And so I think the thing I like about our rewiring for growth is it's creating more visibility into the big markets that make the biggest impact and that's international or Personal Care for us, North America and some of our big Consumer Tissue markets. And so we're able, I would say, to diagnose what's going on and respond much quicker. And some of the areas that we have opportunity to work on harder are Kotex in China, even though it was up slightly on share in the quarter, it softened a little bit. Our fem care business in Brazil, similarly. Bath tissue in South Korea was a little soft in the quarter. One of the things that the reasons why we saw a little bit of a slowdown in Korea in the quarter was we have been growing multiple share points that offset some of the category conditions. And now that we're only growing a little bit of share or, let's say, 100 basis points of share rather than 300 that slowdown in the category growth hits home a little bit harder. So I think we have some opportunity there. And then lastly, Huggies in parts of Latin America, I think we do have some product improvement opportunities, which we're all over. And so again, I feel good about the visibility and I feel good about where we are in the reorganization. But Nelson, I don't know if you wanted to add anything?
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes. So just to add, Kevin, a few things. One, we will remain and we've been instilling a lot of discipline in the business around our approach to volume consumption and how we manage on that end. So we will remain steadfast on the role that promotions play and we're not going to be chasing volume. We're going to be chasing consumption and that's what we're doing. We're pleased with the fact that in North America, consumption remains strong. Again, there's a disconnect between shipments and consumption. And there are elements there that we can't predict on a month-to-month basis because they just happen. Our focus and our discipline has also remained around how we manage bottom line, overall profitability of the business to be able to generate the fuel to invest back in the business. Our performance has been strong on that end. And again, we're getting better by the day as we execute. Our teams have been going through a lot of change over the next, over the last few months, and we're very proud of what they've accomplished and how they're looking at what we're going to be doing over the next few years as we carry out our Powering Care transformation. So overall, we'll manage through the next few quarters and there'll be market dynamics. But ultimately, our objective is to lead category growth in a profitable and sustainable manner, and that's what we're setting the organization to do.
Kevin Grundy: Right. Very good.
Christopher Jakubik: I think we have one more question.
Mike Hsu: Okay.
Operator: Your final question is from Javier Escalante with Evercore ISI.
Mike Hsu: Good morning, Javier.
Nelson Urdaneta: Hi, Javier.
Javier Escalante: Hi. Hello, guys. Good morning, everyone. I'm going to revisit some of the items discussed in a way that, I think, that it may be simpler because there is a lot of moving pieces. So stay kind of like external issues versus internal factors. So the external one, the bigger one is this inventory destocking is not just you. We have been talking about this with other -- with some of your peers. If you can talk about what's driving it. Is it just mechanics of COVID? Is it shift to e-commerce that they are using the stores differently? And if you can basically say, I think that I heard that it was 80 basis points on a year-to-date basis. If you can just simply tell us what was the impact on Q3. So that's the externality. I'll wait, but I would like to go more into the internal piece, which to me is more interesting. So if you can address that and then give me a minute for the internal piece question.
Nelson Urdaneta: So Javier, let me reconcile the numbers for you just to give the sense of what's that 80 basis point on Q3. And you can get to that and see. But, as you stated, I mean, there are externalities, inventory movements. We had a bill last year, especially, particularly in Q3 as our supply chain normalized in the US. And then we had a bit of more destock in Q3 following what had happened in Q1 and Q2 of this year. We also had the hurricane impact at the very end of the quarter, the last three, four days of shipments. And then the other element was the private label shipments. I mean we exited some contracts. And then on top of that, we had softer demand in other private label that materialized at the end of September. Those three elements that we've called, that I've referred to as transitory factors added to slightly north of one point of growth in the quarter. So roughly 1.3 points, if you want me to round it to be exact. That's what that drove for the enterprise overall in growth. That's the 80 bps give or take that Mike referred to for the year, if you add all that.
Javier Escalante: Thank you. Yes. So basically, the real question is the following, right? So you basically, you are doing a lot. This is a highly decentralized company, but at the same time, the categories are roughly the same. So basically, you are moving away from private label. So if you can tell us how you are in that process again. So what was your, at the beginning of the year, your -- what percentage of global sales were in private label? Where they are now? What is the plan for next year because there is the impending exit of private label business that is two points coming into 2025? So if you can explain that as an item alone. So then if you -- there is the implementation of S/4 HANA. To what extent that had an impact or give you more visibility so you can guide better going into next year? And there is another item that came out, a news item, in terms of you guys being evaluating strategic options for the international tissue and professional businesses, which, in my math is about 7% of the profit. So you seem to be doing a lot very at the same time. So tell us how the organization is responding. Do you have the system to manage this so you can control the volatility going forward? Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Yes. I think I'll start maybe. And as I said, I think we've been very pleased with the organization's response to the reorganization. And Javier, as I mentioned, we start -- we flipped the switch on the new operating model or a new operating structure on October 1, but the reality is we have been running in a kind of a soft mode for several months leading up to it. And the reality is what's happening in each of the markets, we haven't changed management significantly in any of the local markets that kind of deliver the P&L. And so our expectation would there be little disruption. And in my mind, there hasn't been very much disruption at all. So again, I think we feel very good about how the organization is proceeding and our visibility into kind of looking at the business remains very, very good. I'd say on the private label, again, I think I'd mentioned earlier, it's -- this year, it will be about 4% of our overall sales of the company. Next year, after the exit, it will be -- we'll be about 2% private label. And then our plans would be it will probably work our way down from there. So that's that part. I forgot what the -- what else did you want?
Nelson Urdaneta: You had a question on S/4, Javier. So we --
Javier Escalante: Go ahead. Actually, the question is more about whether S/4 HANA will give you the capacity to basically better foresee this volatility because there is this news item about you guys looking for strategic options for divest, I don't know what that is. But international tissue and pro-business which is about 7% of profit.
Mike Hsu: First of all, Javier, since you opened the door, my DTS, my Digital Technology Service organization will be really miffed of me, if I don't complement them, but we did flip the switch on our North American S/4 HANA implementation at the end of July, actually the weekend before the earnings call last quarter. And contrary to what most experiences are, nobody noticed other than it was easier to run. And so I think our organization has done a great job. I think, actually, the vendor who provides the software wants to meet with us to see how did you -- how do we pull that off without any slippage. So I think we've done a very good job there, and so from that perspective, I think, again the organization, I think, continues to perform extremely, extremely well. With regard to your questions on international family care and professional, I'd say, we're taking important steps to make that a more robust and predictable contributor to growth and returns for us. And for me, obviously, as a matter of practice, I'm not going to comment news articles or rumors. And I'll let you know when I think there's something that you need to know. But we like the categories that we're in. We believe we can add a lot more value to our categories, our consumers and our customers. That said, Javier, I think you'll also recognize that in places where we don't feel like we have a right-to-win in the long-term, we'll look to optimize our participation in those assets. And the example that I think you and I have discussed is in Brazil, where we saw some structural factors that made it difficult for us to compete. On the Consumer Tissue side of the business, due to some, I would say, some government incentives that we couldn't access that made the category more difficult to compete in, we made a different decision that I think was a very good one for the company. And so I think we'll continue to make those tough decisions. But again, I think we'll let you know if there's anything to think about regarding the tissue business.
Javier Escalante: Thank you very much guys.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thank you Javier.
Nelson Urdaneta: Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Well, thanks, everybody, for joining us today. And for anybody who has follow-up questions, Investor Relations will be around to take your calls. So thanks very much and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-23 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Kimberly-Clark's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Question-and-Answer Session. I'll now hand the conference over to Chris Jakubik, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Chris Jakubik: Thank you, and hello, everyone. This is Chris Jakubik, Head of Global Investor Relations at Kimberly-Clark, and welcome to our Q&A session for our second quarter 2024 business update. During our remarks today, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties, and these are discussed in our earnings release in our filings with the SEC. We will also make some non-GAAP financial measures today or discuss some non-GAAP financial measures today. And these non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered replacements for and should be read together with GAAP results. And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and the supplemental materials posted at investor.kimberly-clark.com. Before we begin, I'm going to hand it to our Chairman and CEO, Mike Hsu, to for a few quick opening comments.
Mike Hsu: Thank you, Chris. Before we jump into the Q&A, I would like to start by saying thank you to my colleagues at Kimberly-Clark, who are working diligently on the augmentation of our comprehensive innovation like growth strategy and delivered strong results for the first half. We're excited about the opportunity to accelerate investments to build our powerhouse categories and brands and our pipeline of innovation. We are effectively navigating external dynamics, while driving our consumer centric culture. We're making the company better, stronger and faster, and we are turbo charging our ability to provide better care to consumers around the globe. I'm very proud of our progress to date. It bolsters our confidence in delivering our outlook for the year, and our ability to ramp-up our investments to further leverage our core strengths and achieve our potential. We are on an exciting path, and I'm -- and are well-positioned to deliver durable growth and sustainable shareholder returns. So with that, I'd be happy to open it up to questions.
Operator: Certainly. Everyone, at this time we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is coming from Lauren Lieberman from Barclays. Your line is live.
Lauren Lieberman: Great, thanks. Good morning. So first, I wanted to check in and talk a little bit, Mike, about market share trends and -- because the organic sales growth this quarter was really solid. Volumes were up. You had this unexpected headwind from inventory de-stock. But I wanted to also check in a bit on market share trends, where you stand versus not just competition, but also what you're seeing from private label of weight? Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Good morning, Lauren. Yeah. Thanks for the question. Yeah. Overall, I feel good about the progress we're making on market share. And I do expect further improvement as we progress through the year. We were overall globally even on a weighted basis and up or even in about half of our cohorts around the world. And that's progress versus the past couple of years where, if you recall this time last year, I think we were up or even in about 40% of our cohorts. So, I think we've made solid progress, but there still remains plenty of work for us to do. As you may recall, Lauren, North America was a bit soft last year. That is improving. That softness last year was primarily due to supply constraints. The first half in North America on a weighted basis was flat and then up or even in about six of eight categories, and that continued in the second quarter. And I expect further improvement in North America as we cycle some of those constraints last year. We also had pretty solid gains on market share in certain brands across our -- what we're calling focus markets -- or our other big five markets beyond North America. In China, Huggies was up 180 basis points in share, in the UK, Andrex, which is the leading brand, that was up 350 basis points, in South Korea, Huggies has been up over 800 basis points since 2019 and was up over 300 basis points in the quarter. And in Brazil, I think that that we're working to improve the brand proposition. And so we were up about a 100 basis points in Brazil. So we're making progress, but as I pointed out, were about flat on a weighted basis and so they're that signals that there's plenty of work for us to do.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, great. I'm just curious, I know you mentioned a couple of market share, a bunch of market share positions outside of North America and China that have been very strong. But when do we start to see that translate into growth? Because I think one of the interesting parts of this strategy you've laid out in this sort of shifting the focus a bit, so that we can get more visibility into other areas of your business. But when should we start to see growth become more material in a matter more moves the needle more in markets outside of the US and China?
Mike Hsu: Yes, I mean, you know, Lauren, I'd say we have a very proven playbook that we're really proud of and we're implementing that more systematically behind this. You know, wiring for growth initiative that we have. We're going to  we're going to implement those playbooks more systematically around the world. You know, one, we got great technology that the world you all haven't seen yet, which we're rolling out and we're excited about our launch that I mentioned in our in our opening comments in the script on skin essentials in the US. So we've got great a great technology portfolio. We got the right. We've been investing in the past five years to build the right commercial and supply capabilities to accelerate performance. You're going to see a sharper focus on what we're calling our focus markets, right? Those are the US plus the next five markets for us and so that said, I would say, local conditions remain dynamic. And so, there's plenty of opportunity to tighten up our brand propositions on a market specific basis for reference, I'll just tell you. So Huggies, as I mentioned was up in share in China. Kotex was flat. And you know, again, it grew high single-digits in the quarter on Kotex. But we'd love to get more share growing in China on femcare. In Brazil, Huggies was up. Kotex is the leading brand or we call it Intimus in Brazil, the leading brand in Brazil. But, share was a little soft and down about just a little bit less than 100 basis points. So we got some work there. South Korea, I said Huggies was up over 300 basis points, but bath tissue was down a little bit. And so we have work to do around the world. And so part of our strong start it's going to afford us the ability to make surgical investments to get our good, better, best, where we think they need to be in the local markets.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks so much. I'll pass it on.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thanks, Lauren.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Dara Mohsenian from Morgan Stanley. Your line is live.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, good morning, guys.
Mike Hsu: Hey, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: So a pretty sizable margin and EPS beat in Q2, but it does sound like investments are going to increase in the back half of the year. So, Nelson can you just discuss a bit the cadence of margins and EPS in the back half, how we should think about Q3, Q4, margin performance, particularly as the divestiture impact should ramp-up in the back half of the year?
Nelson Urdaneta: Sure, Dara. So let me let me start by echoing what Mike said. I mean, we're very proud of our teams have executed in the first half of the year than we've gained momentum on a number of fronts. Relative to our power and great care strategy. As a reminder, I mean, as we think about margins, our main focus is on driving profit dollar growth margins for us, as we've stated, our milestones, and we're moving on that progression. Growth in the first -- in the second quarter on the first half, reflected solid volume mix-driven gains and on the third quarter -- its a third quarter in a row that we drive positive volume mix. Importantly, in some of our largest, most profitable geographies like the U.S., China, and the U.K., we saw solid volume mix growth, which is something we've been folks focusing on. And as Mike said, I mean, it is the key for our long-term algorithm. We delivered more than half of our profit objectives for the year in the first half and this actually gives us flexibility for the second half to further invest in strengthening our brands and our innovation pipeline, especially as we manage through some of the challenges in the macro environment and some of the increased and consumer pressure that we're all seeing. As we think of cadence of first half second half on the top line, we would expect the second half to grow at a similar pace of what we saw in the second quarter with again volume and mix key drivers of growth, while pricing will continue to play a lesser role sequentially. At the profits, four things to keep in mind, first one, productivity delivery. It's been solid in the first half and ahead of our original plans, given timing of some of the projects. So, we do expect a lower absolute dollar productive delivering in the second half, but still very strong on the year. Secondly, pricing net of costs, it's been strong and favorable in the first half due to timing of pricing actions relative to costs and you've got to take into account Argentina, which again, a lot of the hits that we took on the currency were in the second half of last year. So, we're going to be lapping that as we head into the second half of it this year. For the balance of the year, we expect pricing at a cost benefits to taper off. However, it's important to reiterate that on a full year basis, we expect to be at least pricing net of cost neutral. The third aspect is timing of investments. In the back half of the year, we expect to step up investments behind our brands, given timing of some of innovation programs that we have. As a reminder, on the first half of the year, our spend on our brands was approximately 6% of sales. Heading into the second half, this number is going to be closer to 7%. As we take advantage of our strong first half and we strengthened the overall our investment profile setting up the time for us to continue growing sustainably in years to come. And then last, but not least, is the divestiture of our personal protective equipment. We expected to be a headwind in terms of profits of around 180 basis points in the second half of the year. We didn't have that in the first half of the year. Two more things that you think of EPS, equity method investment income, while it grew in the first half of the year, some of it had to do not just with the underlying performance of our equity method investments, it also had to do with the strength of the Mexican peso in the first half year on year. That's going to revert in the second half of the year and we expect the net equity investment to be largely flat in the second half of the year. And the other item on EPS is the effective -- the adjusted effective tax rate. For the full year, we're now projecting 23% to 24% adjusted effective tax rate. And for the first half, our adjusted effective tax rate was 22.3%. So, when you combine all those factors, that gives you the cadence of how we're looking at the first half and second half.
Dara Mohsenian: Great. That's very detailed and helpful. And if I could slip in one more question. You talked about the price in regards to the second half outlook. Can you give us an update on the North American pricing environment in both personal care and consumer tissue? A, is there ability to drive mix to a greater extent in the back half of the year. How do you think about that? B, the promotional environment? And how we should think about pricing realization from here in North America in a more normalized environment? Thanks.
Mike Hsu : Hey, yes, thanks, Dara. Yes. And overall on the pricing environment, particularly in North America, I'd say it remains stable. And as you may recall, since COVID, in the COVID environment, or the pandemic related environment, we did see a reduction in promotional activity in our categories. I'd say, over the past two years, that has kind of return and normalized post pandemic. And I'd say, it's remained at that level. We are seeing a touch of promotion in some categories and in some retailers. But overall, again, our strategy is to remain focused on volume and mix driven growth. And we're maintaining what we're calling PNOC, or pricing net of input cost discipline. And so overall, as you're well aware, pricing to offset cost inflation is receiving for us as expected. We really want to be more valuable at every rung of the good, better, best ladder. I think one of the things that's great about our portfolio is that we do serve all consumers from value to up to premium, even though premium is really the big growth driver for us. And so we're really focused on working to ensure that our value propositions all along the value spectrum are going to remain strong. And so our focus on building brands with advertising, great storytelling, pioneering innovation. But again, we also recognize in some categories, promotion is very important, and we're going to be competitive where we need to be. But again, we're focused on driving the category's growth through advertising.
Dara Mohsenian: Great. Thank you.
Mike Hsu : Okay. Thanks, Dara.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question is coming from Nik Modi from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is live.
Nik Modi: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Mike Hsu : Good morning, Nik.
Nelson Urdaneta: Good morning, Nik.
Nik Modi: Good morning. Good morning. So two questions, just one on the organizational design changes that are going to take place in a few months' time. Like I remember, when Procter & Gamble did a similar type of thing, not the exact structure, but they had like a transitionary kind of era or moment between kind of old structure and the new structure. And I'm just curious if that is something that is going on right now within Kimberly, which will make that transition much smoother when we get October, that's the first question. And then I was hoping you can just kind of give us your thoughts, since the analyst day, you've hired two new people, one from Chief Growth Officer that has a consumer healthcare background. And then obviously a new head of R&D that just was announced, just was hoping you can give us some words on kind of how they fit into the new strategy.
Mike Hsu : Yes, great. Nik, okay, you're all over it. I think that's a great question. As I mentioned, I think in the prepared script, we made an interim move on effective July 1 that changed some of the reporting in our global supply chain in North America and then Brazil moving into International Personal Care on an interim basis. And so I'd say, your observation around an interim structure, we've done some significant shifts there already. And again, it goes back to you know, I had some experience with another corporate transition where Nelson and Chris and I worked and so having that interim model working before you officially make those moves, helps a lot. And I think the organization is making tons of progress in the new ways of working very, very excited about the progress the teams are making and very appreciative of all the hard work that they're putting in to make this happen. So I again, I feel I feel great thus far about our wider for growth initiative or the organizational change. And we're making strong progress there. With regard to Patricia and Craig, I'm excited to have him onboard Allison Lewis, who is our Chief Growth Officer, and Robert Long, our Chief Innovation Officer, R&D Officer. They did great work for us and really advanced. The agenda has been both those areas very, very strongly, but I knew I intercepted them at a point in their career where they want to go on at some point and do other things. And so I think I think we have an excellent transition period between the four of these leaders on and as Patricia and Craig come aboard, I think they both bring great skills to Kimberly-Clark. Patricia has worked at companies like Kraft and Unilever and Heineken before Bayer. And so and knows a lot about the consumer health space, a really, really focused on marketing and advertising, which is a great thing for us. And then Craig has a real great transformational leader with Unilever and some products further in his background as well as a great run at Campbell's. And so I think they'll bring a lot both in terms of organizational development, but also our expertise in their fields that will advance the things that we're working on with power and care.
Nik Modi: Helpful. Ill pass it on.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thank you, Nik.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Javier Escalante from Evercore. Your line is live.
Javier Escalante: Hi, good morning, everyone. I would like to see whether I can get more color on the savings, because at least I see three buckets, so basically you're announcing something in North America. My understanding is that the supply chain. So if you can talk about the benefits of what you're trying to do there, you are exiting two small markets. But when you look at the P&L it feels as if, the SG&A is where we get better numbers went to consensus. So if you can expand that and then I have a follow-up. Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Thank you. Maybe I'll just start and I think Nelson will kind of give you more color on the savings. I would say on the small market exits, my overall on that would be we are taking steps to make our categories and all our markets more robust and predictable contributors to growth and return. And we like our positions in most markets. But that said, in places where we don't really feel heavier that we have a long-term right to win, or the market conditions in that market are not conducive to winning. We're going to be disciplined and methodical. And so we made the difficult decision to announce our plan and exits in Nigeria and Bolivia, and recognize the downside. It does in fact, our employees there. But I think there's a wrong -- the right move long-term for Kimberly-Clark. I don't think those will contribute to be a huge source of savings, but I think it does take some risk out of the owned by ongoing performance of the business, but nothing and comment on the other sources, Javier.
Nelson Urdaneta: Yeah. In terms of, Javier, the sources of the savings, there are two poles. I mean, first and foremost, and the lion's share of the savings will derive from our supply chain transformation. And as a reminder, they encompass three strategies. The first one is our value stream simplification. And as I've explained and Tamera has explained, this has to do with product specifications and a few other items that will drive significant savings over time. Second one is optimizing our network. And it's the footprint. It's our four walls. And you're seeing some actions that are being taken today. And they'll be taken over the next few years. And then the third bucket is scalable automation, and that encompasses two areas. One is actual automation of supply chain processes in our factories and our warehouses, and the second one is digital automation, where we're deploying tools to optimize our procurement capabilities as well as our supply and demand capabilities. We are on the early stages of our transformation journey, especially in the supply chain, and we're pleased with where we're at in the first half of the year. Productivity delivery is ahead of what we had planned. We are at about $255 million a year-to-date on the supply chain productivity, and that does not include procurement. We will update annually on the procurement savings, but well on track as we seek to deliver the $3 billion over the next five years, as we said. Specifically on actions that have been taken and what's driving this. One, we're seeing conversion and waste reduction. That's a big bucket that's helping us drive, and that, again, is within the value stream. It's product material specification standardization. That's starting to happen, and we've been working to get that going in the last year and a half or so. And then lastly, it's transportation and warehousing cost reductions. So that's in a nutshell what's driving the savings on the supply chain. The other bid is on the overheads. On the overheads, we said that our target is to deliver about $200 million of savings over the next two, three years. The lion's share of those savings is really going to kick in once the full organizational model is in place. And that goes into effect in the latter part of the year. So we will see not a lot of savings this year on the overheads line coming from that item. What you're seeing on the overheads, which I think you're alluding to, is we're seeing absolute dollars largely flat sequentially, is that the discipline that we've had on overall spend is still in place. I mean, we're driving a lot of discipline in terms of spending and costs, and that's flowing through, and you're seeing it in the P&L at this stage.
Javier Escalante: That's great color, okay. I do have a question because we got scanner data today and includes Costco, which is an important retailer, and Amazon. And we saw, I mean, what the data shows is volume accelerating at the end of the quarter. I mean, we have around 2%, which is two to three points better than what you reported. So your commentary when it comes to inventory reduction and uncertainty there. So in light that volumes accelerated in the last four weeks ending July 7th. Should we expect kind of like a more consistent retail sales in North America versus where you are when I report going forward? Thank you very much.
Mike Hsu: Yeah. Maybe I'll start with that Javier. I think my adage is in the end, shipments must track with consumption. And so I tend to focus more on the consumption numbers. We feel great about the progression we're making on volume and mix. And I think in the quarter, I think if you add volume and mix, it was up about 2 combined. And so that's the progress we're making. I think it's great to cycle. We're very glad to have cycled a lot of pricing moves that we had to take to offset inflation. But you know, we think the underlying momentum in our categories remained solid. These are essentials and daily use categories and so we're encouraged to see that volume progression. There's going to be some noise because of retail inventory changes in North America, you had two effects because there were some -- I would say there were some -- we're comping a soft quarter last year because of supply issues. And so probably a little more inventory going in on personal care. And then we are -- on the tissue side, we saw consumption stronger than organic and so that implies we saw some inventory to come out of tissue. And so I think that's I would say, generally typical and so that stuff is going to move around from quarter-to-quarter, but overall, we're very encouraged with our volume trends.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Anna Lizzul from Bank of America. Your line is live.
Anna Lizzul: Hi, good morning.
Nelson Urdaneta: Hi Anna.
Anna Lizzul: Morning. Thank you so much for the question. I was wondering if you could just elaborate more on the volume improvement that we found the quarter, just where you're seeing gains across the categories more specifically? And also in the back half, there is an expectation on additional cost inflation, which you mentioned. Was wondering if you can touch on the balance on pricing and investing and innovation to help offset this? Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Yes, overall on I'll start with a hey, we're seeing resilience in demand across our categories overall globally. The underlying growth in our categories remains healthy. I just mentioned, we provide daily essentials and therefore, as you're probably well aware, category substitution remains low and we still believe there's a lot of room for us to expand penetration and also revenue per user across our markets. And we are mindful of the consumer environment. And as I said, we're working to sharpen up our positioning across the good, better, best value of the spectrum. A little bit more specifically in North America, demand remains resilient, although AMC and some value sensitivity more broadly across Staples, I'm well aware of that. Our categories in the quarter were up mid-single-digit with the categories having positive volume. And again, I think that reflects the essential nature of our categories and products. We are closely monitoring the consumer health, see insensitivity in mid to lower income households in a few of our categories. But overall, we feel like we're very well-positioned and we have a robust offering. As I mentioned earlier, we're proud to serve all consumer offers and have a robust offering across the value spectrum. And we're proactively working with our customers to better serve consumers and ensure that our propositions remains strong as we go forward. And maybe just to add it to build a little bit on -- address your question on expectations of volume and expectation of what to expect on inflation in the year? We've seen the progression in volume in the second quarter. We expect the back half, as we stated to be volume mix driven and the impact of pricing to continue to subside in the back half. This especially has to do with the timing of pricing actions in Argentina. We already saw a step down of the contribution of Argentina from the first quarter to the second quarter and we expect that based on what we are seeing today to continue to be the case in the back half. That takes us to pricing net of costs. In principle, we're holding the enterprise minimally to a pricing net of cost neutral standard on an annual basis. We have good visibility today for that to happen this year, absent a market dislocation shock like what we saw in 2021, 2022. As we think of the pacing, and I stated that in a prior question, pricing net of cost has been rather strong and favorable in the first half of the year, and that had to do with both timing of pricing realization, largely Argentina and then some of the timing on the cost inflation. Overall, we still expect to be at least neutral, if not positive, on the year and pricing net of costs. And from an overall cost inflation standpoint, we're not seeing a material change versus what we've discussed in the last call.
Anna Lizzul: Great. Very helpful. Thank you so much.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Andrea Teixeira from JPMorgan. Your line is live.
Andrea Teixeira: Hi, good morning, everyone. So I wanted to go back to  and thank you, go back to the North American tissue discussion. Understand volumes were down 3% and then there was about 250 basis points due to retail destocking. But on the other hand, you're probably shipping more Kleenex. So I was wondering, looking ahead, with the lap of the supply chain issue, should we expect the underlying to be still negative? And on the personal care side, if I can squeeze that in, what was the exit rate on the quarter in North America and globally?
Mike Hsu: Yes. Well, let me start with the tissue in North America. Overall, again, as I said, there was a bit of a retail inventory change. And so our organic numbers are different than kind of what the consumption was. Consumption was up three in the quarter, which is just a little bit under what the category did overall. And so again, I think the tissue categories in North America remain robust or healthy, resilient depending on what adjective you want to use. I'd say overall share, we've made strong progress on Kleenex. I think Kleenex was up almost 500 basis points on share in the quarter. That does reflect an improved supply condition that I said we're cycling versus last year. On bad tissue, I think our share was a little -- was a bit soft, a little bit under 1 point in share down. And that reflects a couple of things, a hard -- what we call a hard rollover a packaging change and shelving reset on Cotton And then Scott 1000 has still been somewhat supply constrained year-to-date. And so we cut back on our normal merchandising calendar. And so therefore, because of that, we are seeing a little bit more increased promotional availability for private label, and that's kind of had a bit of an effect on Scott 1000. And I think the brand remains very, very healthy, and it's a power brand, especially for value consumers in this environment, and we feel great about that. But overall, I think we feel great about the progress. I think the inventory change was a little bit different than what we were expecting coming into the quarter. But I think I would hope that we're mostly through that.
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes. And on Personal Care, your question of what we grew, Andrea, I mean, we grew mid-single digits solidly in North America, and it was volume and mix driven. So the impact, as Mike said on the trade destocking in the quarter was largely contained to tissue -- Consumer Tissue in North America.
Andrea Teixeira: And the -- this is super helpful, the exit rate of personal care. Do you think even with the merchandise, I'm assuming that you shifted merchandising dollars from Consumer Tissue into Personal Care, or you just on basically kind of flow through? And then now you can kind of as you regularly in the supply chain improves into Consumer Tissue, you're going to merchandise more into the second half? Or just as an exit rate, just an idea of how Personal Care continues to do well into the remaining of the month right into June?
Mike Hsu : Yes. I mean, Andrea, I'm not sure I know how to answer that question on exit rate. It's not how I think about it. I would say, kind of what we're doing is, we're very encouraged with our start to the year through the first half. I think the volume and mix are proceeding and moving in the right direction for us. We feel great about that. There's going to be some inventory noise here and there. In personal care, I would say, it's going to be a positive in the category, because we had some supply constraints last year that we're cycling. As I just mentioned, there was some inventory changes on the other direction on Consumer Tissue. But overall, I feel very good about where the brands are recognize, we have more work to do. But also I feel good that we have the opportunity to make some additional investments to make sure that our value propositions are robust. But that doesn't mean we're going to ride it through promotion. As you may be well aware, I said in the past, I'm not a fan of over promoting our categories. And so really we're our focus on investment is to grow the category through advertising and bringing out the right kind of innovation to drive the categories. Just like I talked about with Skin Essentials that we just launched in North America in the second quarter.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you very much. I'll pass it on. Thank you both.
Mike Hsu : Okay. Thanks a lot.
Nelson Urdaneta: Thank you.
Mike Hsu : We'll take one more question.
Operator: Certainly. The next question is coming from Bonnie Herzog from Goldman Sachs. Your line is live.
Mike Hsu : Good morning, Bonnie.
Nelson Urdaneta: Good morning, Bonnie.
Bonnie Herzog: Good morning. I just had maybe a quick follow-up question on your tissue business. As you just mentioned, promos really have started to step up there. So, I guess, I'm trying to get a sense for how much you may need to or be willing to increase promos in an effort to essentially drive volumes in the back half of the year, possibly resulting in a net negative price contribution similar to what we saw in Q2. And do you expect continued retail inventory destock impact in the back half as well?
Mike Hsu : Yes, maybe I'll start with the last part, Bonnie. I again, I tend to focus a little bit more on the consumption and the consumption trends remain. I would say, healthy. I think there's going to be some shifting here and there. I don't expect ongoing retail inventory contractions, but there could be some moves here and there, we don't control those, right? But we are -- we do work with these are big categories. And so our customers do work with us very closely to plan these out over time. And so I feel good about the inventory positions that we have right now, but can't exactly predict what will go forward on it -- what will happen on a go-forward basis. On the promotional environment, I do think, hey, I recognize broadly across Staples that there is increased consumer price sensitivity. And so making sure that we have the right value proposition is going to be important. The thing I'll point you to is what's fundamentally changed in these categories over the past 10 years, five years is the analytics that we have available to drive the right decision making. And so and I know of it gets a lot of play about the promotional environment. But you know, in the last five years, we've invested a lot in the predictive modeling tools that make -- enable us to make the right choices on promotion. And so again, I tend to focus this more on profitable growth and promotion is a -- trade promotion as a tool to drive the overall brand strategy. But it is not a strategy in my mind itself. And so again, I think will work to make sure that our products are affordable and competitive. But again, we're focused on growing the categories.
Bonnie Herzog: That's helpful. Just maybe one final clarification. I mean, is it fair to assume, or maybe ask this way. Is it your expectation that volumes will inflect in the second half in tissue just based on everything you said, and how you expect things to play out?
Mike Hsu: Yeah. Well, I'd say, yeah. I mean, we've shifted our emphasis to volume and mix-driven growth. And so, yeah, over time, we're expecting all of our businesses to drive positive volumes, and that's kind of the model on how we want to grow. So I think that includes North America tissue.
Bonnie Herzog: Perfect. Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thank you, Bonnie.
Nelson Urdaneta: Thank you.
Mike Hsu: All right. Well, thanks to everybody for joining us. And if anybody has any follow-up calls, we'll be available to take them today. So thanks very much for your time.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect at this time, and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-23 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning everyone and welcome to the Kimberly-Clarks First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. At this time all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode and we will open the floor for your questions and comments after the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host Chris Jakubik. Sir, the floor is yours.
Chris Jakubik: Thank you and hello everyone. This is Chris Jakubik, Head of Investor Relations at Kimberly-Clark, and welcome to our Q&A session for our first quarter of 2024 business update. During our remarks today we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties, and these are discussed in our earnings release and our filings with the SEC. We will also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures today and these non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for, and should be read together with GAAP results. And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and the supplemental materials posted at investor.kimberly-clark.com. Before we begin, I am going to hand it to our Chairman and CEO, Mike Hsu, for a few quick opening comments.
Mike Hsu: Okay, thank you Chris. Hey, before we get into the Q&A I would like to start by saying thank you to all my colleagues at Kimberly-Clark who worked really diligently over the past few years to build our strong foundation and to deliver these Q1 results that provide a very good start to our next chapter of growth. Our strategy to elevate our categories with breakthrough innovation and expand our markets is working. We are effectively navigating the ever changing external dynamics of todays new normal while driving our consumer centric culture. We are making the company better, stronger, and faster. I am very, very proud of our progress to date and I am confident that we are going to continue to leverage our core strengths to achieve our potential. We are on an exciting path and are well positioned to deliver durable growth and sustainable shareholder returns. So with that I would like to open it up for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question is coming from Bonnie Herzog from Goldman Sachs. Your line is live.
Mike Hsu: Good morning Bonnie.
Bonnie Herzog: Hi, good morning. Hope you are all well. First, I have a quick question on your guidance. You reported a better than expected Q1 so curious to hear why you didnt pass through the full Q1 beat? And then also hoping for a little more color on the better than expected volume growth you saw in the quarter, what were the key drivers behind this, and ultimately how sustainable is this moving forward and curious, was there any pull forward for instance or should we expect to see continued volume improvements as the year progresses? Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Yeah, Bonnie, maybe I'll start and Nelson will talk about why we decided to pass through and our logic for that. But really, I'm encouraged with our good start. I think our organization is running very, very well in what we would call internally our new normal. And I think this is like the first year in a few that we've had kind of a stable business despite a lot of the geopolitical things that are going on. So the underlying strength in the quarter was predicated on a couple of good fundamental factors. One, better volume, which you observed, and there was no pull forward. In fact, it was the opposite. We had an inventory, retail inventory reduction in the quarter, but kind of, I think the volume, the inherent strength and the consumption kind of overshot -- overcompensated for that. And so I think that was probably when also the market shares are moving kind of in the right direction. So I think we feel very good about the underlying volume momentum in the business. And then on top of that, then with a stable input cost environment, the productivity that was strong in the quarter tends to drop a little bit stronger through the bottom line. And so that's the underlying kind of driver of our strong Q1. And we feel really great about it. The team's done a great job operating. There's still a couple wars going on in the world, as you're well aware. Argentina's been very volatile and our teams are doing a great job there. So, we feel like we're really running well in a new normal environment. Nelson?
Nelson Urdaneta: Yeah, and just to add a few details on what happened in Q1, Bonnie. So first, obviously very pleased with the start of the year, and Q1 was particularly strong as we saw significant benefit in China from our Chinese New Year execution. And particularly in March, I mean, the trends in the business continued. China grew volumes double-digits in the quarter. And in North America in particular, as Mike said, while the trade de-stock happened as we had projected back in January, and just for perspective total company, that was around 80 basis points of growth, that still -- we came in March and had a much better consumption in the month in March, which flowed through in the quarter. So that was the other bit on volume as we thought about what happened and reconciled the numbers for the quarter. Having said that as we look at whats been happening in the balance of the year, couple of things. One, as Mike said, we're cautiously optimistic. A few things that we're all aware of is we still have geopolitical challenges underway, and we have begun to see some of our commodities begin to uptick. Just for perspective, in the first quarter, we've seen how pulp and the fiber complex has increased in the single digits in the first quarter sequentially versus Q4. For perspective, in the full year we now expect commodities to be -- the net input cost, the total basket to be around $250 million inflationary. So we are taking that into account. That's within the range that we have provided back in January, but it's still something that we're watching. A couple of other things to keep in mind is that as we head into the back half of the year, we expect to see about an $0.08 headwind from the Personal Protective Equipment divestiture in profit that's built into our outlook, but that is something that is new news versus the outlook we provided back in January. And the other bit to keep in mind is, we will further step up investments as the year progresses. On a year-over-year basis, our advertising spend increased 50 basis points. That was largely in line with what we had in Q4. And what we said at the beginning of the year is that as our innovation pipeline builds up, and that's starting in Q2, we will further step up investments as the year progresses, and we expect it to be around another 50 basis points for the balance of the year.
Bonnie Herzog: Alright, thank you.
Mike Hsu: Good, thanks, Bonnie.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your next questions come from Anna Lizzul from Bank of America. Your line is live.
Anna Lizzul: Hi, good morning, and thank you for the question.
Mike Hsu: Good morning, Anna.
Anna Lizzul: I was wondering if you can comment on market share. A competitor mentioned a misstep on their part with a lack of innovation at the lower end of the pricing ladder in toilet paper, which caused some pressure there. So I was wondering if that helped you to pick up share and if you can comment on how you're progressing in terms of market share also on a weighted category basis, that would be helpful? And then as a follow-up, volumes were clearly better than expected despite some retail inventory reductions in the quarter that you had anticipated for Q1, so I was just wondering to what extent this ended up impacting the quarter and how should we be thinking about it for the full year? Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Yes. Anna, thanks for the question. Great question. Market share I'm very encouraged. I think we've made very, very solid progress on overall market share. I expect further improvement in the year as the year progresses. Overall, in the quarter, we were up and even in just under 60% of our market category combinations. Although I would say also flat on a weighted basis, and we look at share in two ways on both metrics. Importantly, I'd say North America improving. North America was up or even in 6 of 8 categories. We were soft in 2023, as you may recall, a lot of that was predicated on severe supply constraints that we had last year. And so I think this was like maybe the second quarter that we've had in a row of unconstrained supply. And I think that kind of performance reflects our ability to ship product and kind of restore promotion. Just for reference, Kleenex in the quarter was up 400 basis points on share -- or more than 400 basis points on share. What drove it, well, we did have new social media campaign around cold, flu, and allergy season which I think has been very, very good. But the other part is we restored merchandising which we had been off from for several months. And so again, I think our merchandising, we still plan -- we're probably still under-indexed versus the overall category. But we're just kind of returning to kind of normalized merchandising behavior. So we feel good about our performance overall. And again, market share in other markets like in China, we were up a couple -- a couple of hundred basis points on how these diapers had a very, very strong Chinese New Year execution. So volumes were up double-digit against the category that was still down about 10% in China. So I think overall, we're feeling very optimistic about the performance of the business and feel good about the volume delivery of the business.
Nelson Urdaneta: And just to build on Mike's point and to your question on what to expect on volumes for the balance of the year. But as we said in January, I mean, 2024 should mainly reflect the pacing of our innovation pipeline and in-market programming. We still have the innovation and a lot of the programming coming into place as we go into Q2 and the second half of the year. Hence, why, from an overall perspective and volume plans, we don't see any changes versus what we had planned back in January and we're taking into account the volume over delivery that we had in Q1.
Anna Lizzul: Thank you, very helpful.
Mike Hsu: Okay, thanks Anna.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Lauren Lieberman from Barclays. Your line is live.
Mike Hsu: Hi Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: Hey, good morning. Hey, guys. So first thing I wanted to ask about was the productivity in the release. In the prepared remarks you called out $120 million realized this quarter. And I was just curious how to think about that in the context of the $3 billion in productivity and also $200 million of SG&A savings that you articulated at the Investor Day? So that's just my first question.
Mike Hsu: Nelson will comment. I will say a good start and we're tracking well.
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes. And then just to give a little bit of color on the $3 billion and the $200 million, Lauren. So overall, first, it's based on the integrated margin management process that we unveiled in our Investor Day at the end of March. This has really given us a new enterprise-wide visibility, discipline, accountability, end-to-end across the whole value chain. And really, it's about a focus on driving lower costs at a total deliver cost, which is a very different approach as what we had in the past, and we've been working on it for the last year or so. As you said, and we had a strong start to the year on gross productivity, I'll reiterate, this is non-procurement-related savings, and this is the $120 million that we talked about in the release and in our prepared remarks. And we also had additional savings that were delivered from the procurement side of the house, and that's embedded in our net input costs, which again were and net not that much of a headwind in the first quarter because of all these efforts. As we think about the cadence and what we expect to have on the $3 billion, we're off to a good start on that number. And we would expect that to be roughly about linear over the next few years as we deliver the whole $3 billion. In terms of the $200 million of SG&A savings, as a reminder, we will go live with our new operating model on October 1st of this year. So we don't expect much of that $200 million in savings in SG&A to materialize this year. That will really come into play more in 2025 and 2026. But again, really a good start to the year in productivity and procurement-related savings.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, that's awesome. So just as a follow-up, on the SG&A side of things, what was interesting to see this quarter is that you saw pretty good operating leverage there because in the prepared remarks also, you've called out a 50 basis point increase in advertising as a percentage of sales this quarter, which implies some pretty -- again, like I said, solid operating leverage on SG&A. And that's different than what we've seen, I guess, the last couple of years, frankly. So where do you stand, let's call it, on sort of reinvestments because one of the things that struck me and some of my follow-up conversations with people at the Investor Day was a lot of the things you talked about doing going forward, a lot of questions I got from people were like, well, why haven't they been doing it yet. And my thought was perhaps it's been about investing to get the capabilities to be able to do these things going forward. So is that a reasonable way of thinking about it, is that reinvestment level kind of now, I don't want to call it complete, but like where it needs to be such that we should see operating leverage on SG&A ex-advertising even before you start to get some of those -- that $200 million in savings in that 2025 and 2026?
Mike Hsu: Yeah, I mean, one, I'll start, Lauren, and -- but one, we feel great about our investments in advertising and I think we're -- we've made significant progress. I think we're up 200 to 300 basis points since I became -- came into this role. However, I'd say we're probably still underspent relative to our peer set. And so do we need -- and I think I said this in Investor Day, I don't know that we have to match them right. But I would like to continue to increase our investment. I think you're exactly right on kind of, hey, well, there's two factors that kind of caused us to phase our investment. I would say, if you recall, back in 2018, 2019, I did not feel like we had all the capability we needed to spend that significantly. And I think you may recall in some sessions we had or some calls people were asking, why didn't you reset invest harder, at that point, I wasn't confident what the advertising was going to do, right. And so in the last five years, I think we've really built what I would characterize as kind of world-class capability on the commercial front through the help of Alison as you're well aware. And so we've done that. We have made progress. So that was one factor we were building the capability. And right now, our returns on investment on our advertising particularly on digital and we've migrated from not having a whole lot of digital maybe 5 or 10 years ago to almost being entirely digital and those returns are significantly higher than we're driving now. So that's one factor. The other big factor, I think, that people forget is we had two years of a super inflation cycle. We had more than offset -- more than a full year of operating profit in that cycle. And so we are busy doing trying to recover margins as well. And so there's a lot going on in addition to all the geopolitical issues that I think Lauren you are really well aware of. So there's a lot of things going on. And so we're making steps in the right direction. We're not all the way to where we want to be, but we think we can kind of manage the business in the right way to kind of deliver both a healthy top line, healthy bottom line, while continuing to invest in our business for the long term.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Nik Modi from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is live.
Sunil Modi: Good morning. Just a quick clarification, if you could just provide context on the destocking in terms of where you saw it? And then the actual question is obviously, the feedback broadly speaking, has been the consumer is under pressure though your results today, obviously, you seem to have outperformed a lot of that backdrop or commentary. So just Mike, would love to get your perspective on kind of category health, consumer health, kind of what you guys are seeing, I sense part of the guide and not flowing everything through is because maybe there is some uncertainty, but I'd love your thoughts on that?
Mike Hsu: Yes, thanks Nik. Great questions. Yes, we did see a retail inventory reduction in the first quarter as expected, and we were given the heads up on that. And so we planned for it, it was about an 80 basis point headwind to global and about 170 bps of North America sales. And so I'd say the behavior is typical. I don't think it's unusual. We tend to see in that December, January time frame, retailers trying to get a little more efficient with how much inventory they're carrying. We tend to be very, very efficient with retailers, and I think they like our logistics capability. And so we're kind of generally early adopters of all the new systems that retailers go on to kind of try to manage their inventories better. So we're kind of on top of it. It's been baked into our outlook for the full year, but I don't know that I expect a whole lot different going forward, but it's -- what we expected in Q1 did in fact happen. I think I said earlier, our volume was a little bit stronger than we had anticipated. So more than fully offset that. So I think that was the first part. Is that enough -- clear enough on your retail inventory part, Nik?
Sunil Modi: Yes, Mike, I just -- what -- any specific categories you can call out, was it Femcare because that's T&G called that out, but I was just trying to get a category perspective on destock?
Mike Hsu: No, for us across the board. And just to note, nothing unusual in our mind. So like typical for what we see every year. So I think that's part one. I think your question on the consumer, I guess I would characterize the consumer environment overall for us globally, but especially in North America, is resilient. Still bifurcating, but part of that bifurcating is actually adding to category growth as well. So the category demand overall remains very, very robust. As you could see in North America our categories, on average, overall, were up about 5% or mid-single digit. I think that -- as you well know, we make daily essentials. And so there is low substitution in our categories and so I think that's reflected in the overall category demand. Importantly to note Nick is, premium continues to grow very, very robustly, especially in developed markets like the U.S., like in China, UK, South Korea, but also premium is growing and developing in emerging markets like Brazil. And so we're continuing to see that demand there. That all said, clearly, I would say, middle to lower income households look like they are -- they're becoming more stretched based on all the economic data we're seeing. So I would say the bifurcation is I see a limited trade down in a few categories, notably adult care, some in household towels, but we have a very, very detailed tracker across every category. I think we're tracking like nine different dimensions. And I'd say -- so we're very vigilant about monitoring that. The thing about it is the trade down is limited at this point, but we really intend to be more valuable to our consumers at every rung of the good, better, best ladder. And so what that means is I think Anna was asking about private label or value to our quality. I mean we're making all of our products better across the board. And that certainly, I think the growth driver for us over the long term is by making products better, premiumizing, elevating our categories. But we want to serve the value-oriented consumer as well, too. And we have big brands like Scott, Bath and Kleenex Mainline depend main line that serves those consumers well too.
Sunil Modi: Excellent, thanks Mike.
Mike Hsu: Okay, thanks Nik.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Chris Carey from Wells Fargo. Your line is live.
Mike Hsu: Hey, Chris.
Christopher Carey: Hey, good morning. Just a couple of follow-ups. Just on China and the U.S., right. So in China, clearly good numbers but I also think one of your peers delivered quite good numbers as well. And I guess the question in a way is, are we seeing the category turn in China benefits from perhaps Chinese New Year, are you both just gaining relative market share, clearly, it's a strong number, so I'm just trying to understand this like a bit deeper, I guess? And then secondly, on the U.S. it's really the same question on relative outperformance to category. And I know you've mentioned it a bit more, and I'm more interested in the China comment, but if you can just expand there because that stood out to me as well? Thanks.
Mike Hsu: Yes. I'll start on China. Again, if you kind of saw the Investor Day presentation with Katie's leadership, our China team is doing a fantastic job there. And they've grown consistently double digits over the past five years, and it's become our best -- one of our best performing businesses in the company. I would say the -- I think the driver performance -- there's a couple of factors. Certainly, a strong Chinese New Year execution. But overall, we make a great product. I believe it's the best product in the marketplace. I think consumers are excited about the products that we offer. And then we have really, really strong digital executions that really kind of drive that relationship with consumers. And so to answer your question, I think it's more of a share pickup. The category itself based on the data I'm seeing was still down about 10% in the quarter, consistent with the birth rate trends and everything else we're seeing. So it's a share pickup. And I'll point out we're the market leader in China but that's predicated, we're only at a, I would say, a mid to high-teens shift at this point. And so we feel very good about our positions, but it's a fragmented category. And so there's a lot of opportunity for us to drive further share growth in the market. Importantly, I think for us, we're also picking up on our mainstream business. And part of the strategy, when I say, hey, we want to be great at every tier or every run of the good, better, best ladder, we want to accelerate innovation at the top end and then cascade that quickly through our line. And so we're doing that. And I think we're seeing that in the results in China for sure and similarly in the U.S.
Christopher Carey: And then if I could just one follow-up would be clearly, pulps are on the move. It's a bit more on the front end of the curve than in the back half of the year 2025, but this is going to be perhaps the first moment to really kind of show the ability to work through this this cycle. Just any thoughts on the moves that you're seeing and the types of actions that you might defer to if these moves prove durable and even accelerate between pricing, productivity, and whether you see any potential kind of margin issues on the horizon or if this feels very much manageable at this point? Thanks.
Mike Hsu: Well, I'm going to start with -- Nelson could disagree with me if you want, Nelson. I would say, manageable at this point because here's. I said, hey, new normal. I think this is what I'd characterize as a more normal year for CPG for the first time in the last three or four years for us, which is, hey, a stable input cost environment. It's still not deflationary. At some point, one would hope that it becomes deflationary. But I'd say, hey, it's slightly inflationary, but relatively stable. That's different than the past three or four years for us. And so I think for us, we have very good productivity plans. And so if the cost -- input costs remain stable, we can operate very, very well in a stable cost environment and let that productivity drop through. So that's one part. And then the other part of the normal is, I think with -- there's been a lot of volatility in demand with COVID and everything else over the past few years. I think we're starting to see demand stabilize. And so with those two factors, I think we can operate well. We're very cognizant and Nelson will talk about it, that we're there are some demand signals around different pulp environmental changes, but we're well aware of that, and we think we have that accounted for in our current call. But Nelson.
Nelson Urdaneta: Sure. So just to build on what Mike was saying, Chris. So a few things. I'll start with -- we've built significant capabilities over the last five years in order for us to be able to maneuver through the ups and downs. Obviously, if we have a shock like what we saw two to three years ago, that's a different situation that we'd have to maneuver through. But as Mike said, and as we've said back in January, we see the situation as manageable. To reiterate, I mean, when we talked in January, we talked about $200 million to $250 million of net input costs all in. That included currency, other costs, as well as commodities, which we still see deflationary for the full year for us. Now on that range, we're now staring at the high end of that range, which again, we see as manageable, as Mike said. A couple of things to keep in the back of your mind as you look at the numbers, core commodities like bulk resin-based materials, energy in dollar terms, while they're a little bit more unfavorable today versus what we were seeing back in January because we're seeing some upticks still for the full year, they would remain a tailwind. We continue to see distribution, logistics and labor costs as inflationary for the year. And then obviously, for non-U.S. operations, currency will be a headwind in costs because they're buying pulp and many of the inputs that they use to manufacture the products in hard currency. So on a net basis, that's how we get there. The thing to also keep in mind is that we expect the phasing of our input cost inflation to be more muted in the first half of the year. And this follows the trend that we saw in Q3 and Q4 of 2023 that would carry over pretty much through Q2. And we'll see an uptick of this as we go into the back half of the year. But again, it's all factored into our outlook. And the only difference is really we're more at the high end than the range that we had given before.
Mike Hsu: Yes, Chris, just to calibrate you. I think, Nelson when we're looking at a couple of hundred million of inflationary impact, just to calibrate you in 2021 and 2022, we took on $1.6 billion and $1.7 billion, respectively. So I would say that's kind of why we feel like it's -- that's one reason why we feel like it's more manageable. The scale is totally different. And then the other thing is as Nelson points out, we've changed how we manage the business in some ways to try to become a little more predictable. And we have better tools than we had maybe five years ago and so.
Nelson Urdaneta: Totally. And just to build on Mike's point on the tools, as a reminder, I mean, we have a very strong pipeline of productivity initiatives. We're looking out three years and I've been chatting about this for the last few quarters. That pipeline remains strong. You would have seen that non-procurement-related productivity was very strong getting out of the year, and the team is very confident in our ability to continue to deliver, not just in this year, but in the following two to three years, which builds on our ability to deliver on the $3 billion commitment of overall gross productivity in the next five years or so. So that's built into how we're looking into cost and inflation for the next few quarters.
Christopher Carey: Thank you very much. Very helpful.
Mike Hsu: Okay, thanks Chris.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Steve Powers from Deutsche Bank. Your line is live.
Stephen Powers: Good morning, good morning, thank you. Hey, two questions if I could. The first one builds on the conversation just having with Chris around commodities and managing it through the cycle. I guess I'm curious as to the steps you've taken to better maneuver through input cost cycles and essentially better protect this year. Does that include different ways of sourcing and contracting and hedging but in effect, pushes out the cost curve as we would typically know it for Kimberly-Clark. I guess what I'm thinking about is that in the past, if we saw reinflation like we have year-to-date, we'd be thinking about that kind of flowing through and impacting the latter third, about a quarter of the current fiscal year, kind of a six-month, maybe six to nine month lag. It sounds now like you've got better visibility. I'm wondering how much of that has just pushed out that reinflation into 2025?
Mike Hsu: Hey, maybe I'll say a couple of things. One, Steve, is I think the analyst community and the investor committee, I think, made very clear to me when I came into this role that one of the issues they had with KMB is the earnings volatility. And so I've been very cognizant of that fact. And so we've over the past five years, kind of worked significant -- worked pretty hard to kind of reduce some of the underlying volatility in our business. Nelson, with an outside perspective has really worked hard to bring some different kinds of tools into our thinking. And so we've been applying that over the last couple of years and we feel very good about that. Certainly, there is inherent volatility in our business certainly in pulp. One would think at some point with the super cycle of inflation that we have on pulp, it's still elevated and at some point, it needs to come back in our history would say it's going to come back down further. That said, I think we've built the right tools. And Nelson, you may comment about what we're doing there.
Nelson Urdaneta: Sure, thing. And just to build, I mean, the integrated margin management approach, Steve, that we've been working on for the last year or so really addresses part of this volatility. It is end-to-end as we chatted on March 27th, and it looks at all the elements that drive total delivery cost as well as margins. And it starts with we've been building muscle around revenue growth management, and that's very important. Price backed architectures, what kind of price backs do we have for the different channels, and how do we tackle that, including promo activity, etcetera, which is very important across all the geographies we work in. Secondly, are the tools that Mike was talking about on how do we handle costs. We don't reveal what are the contract structures that we have in place or the hedging activities, but we obviously have gotten into much more proactive risk management to be able to have visibility into costs and give us time to react. And what do we react with? We react with productivity initiatives and elements of revenue growth management. That's the -- that's a big difference on how we were approaching it five years ago and we've been building that muscle over time, and that then drives into this visibility into the productivity element, which right now we've split it, and we're being very clear of this as the productivity within the four walls. That's the $120 million that we talked about. And then we have productivity and procurement, which is embedded in our net input costs. And that clearly gives accountability across the supply chain on how to drive lower total delivery costs or at least manage through the margins. So yes, I'd say it's muscle we've been building over the last five years, as Mike said. And obviously, we're not going to be immune to move in commodities, but the visibility we have today, the ability to react is different than what we had in the past.
Stephen Powers: Yes, okay. That's very helpful. And this answer -- the next question may be short, if you've already addressed it, you can tell me to just go read the transcript afterwards. I joined late. I apologize. But in the
Mike Hsu: We would never be that rude Steve.
Stephen Powers: In the prepared remarks, you mentioned private -- your plans to exit some private label businesses. I know those plans are still kind of under construction, but you did make mention of it with some impacts on 2025. If you could -- if anything further you can say on that today, that would be great.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Just to be clear, Steve, that question was not asked. So it's a great question. Just on that, yes, I did want to flag that, we are -- strategically, let me just tell you we're focusing on differentiating our brands with proprietary science-based innovation. That was kind of the big theme that we shared with you all at our Investor Day. Just to give you some context, today, our last year private label production represented about 4% of our global sales. And so what we announced today will likely cut that in half by the end of 2025. The thing I'll say is -- and it takes two parties to make a decision, so I won't get into any specifics, but I would say RM as you think about what we say as science is our competitive advantage, the investments we're making in our new personal care core technology that resides in our diapers and our feminine care pads and our adult care also to get to natural forest free, all that development, that's all going to take some pretty chunky capital. And so we are making significant technology and capacity investments and so we really want to be more choiceful as we go forward about where we spend that capital. And so that's really kind of underlying some of that decision-making. These decisions are going to enable us to focus our tech investment on what we see as our greater strategic priorities. And I might note, our exposure to private label could decrease further over time.
Nelson Urdaneta: And just to add further color on what we would expect from a bottom line standpoint, Steve, it should be consistent with what you're seeing in the top line. And then, obviously, we're working through supply chain transition, repurposing, and related cost opportunities within the context of our whole network optimization initiative, which is one of our three strategies in the supply chain strategy that we unveiled at Investor Day. We will have more to say as we go into 2025 guidance period.
Stephen Powers: Okay, that is good color. Thank you. Thank you both.
Mike Hsu: Thanks. If you could take maybe one more question, that would be great.
Operator: Certainly. Your next question is coming from Javier Escalante from Evercore. Your line is live.
Mike Hsu: Javier, how are you?
Javier Escalante: Hello Mike, good morning everyone. I do have kind of like a quick clarification to Lauren's questions first because it's in the context of guidance versus what is incremental in terms of the restructuring and whether it's sensitive to me from the outside is kind of like coming through earlier. So basically, the $120 million in savings that you flagged, are they part of the $3 billion that you spoke of a month ago or not, and then we can address the other piece, if you don't mind?
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes, the short answer, Javier, is yes, it is part. We said that our new chapter started in Q1 of this year, and that's part of the five years commitment to deliver that. The 120 is part of that and then there's an element of procurement savings that we're not disclosing today. We are committed to disclosing the entire savings, including procurement, annually, so that you get a perspective of how we're tracking against the $3 billion that we committed to.
Javier Escalante: So congratulations on the very early start because I also see that the October -- the new organization is starting in October, I thought that it would be something of 2025. So is that all true, right, if savings are coming through earlier, why is it that the guidance and this is the other thing that I get from your transcript, prepared remarks is that revenue realization faster. So you have faster revenue realizations from FOREX, you have faster savings coming from and they're sizable, $3 billion coming from the restructuring, so I understand that you want to be conservative, but if we take you literally, the numbers for the balance of the year needs to come down. Is that what you want in terms of consensus to look like, very simple?
Mike Hsu: Well, I'll just start. Javier, I'd say, hey, we're still early in the year, and we feel really good about our start. We feel very confident in our performance this year. But that said, there's -- as Nelson pointed out in his remarks and in our prepared remarks, there's still a lot of uncertainty out in the world right now, both in terms of the geopolitical situation and the effects that could have on global demand. But also, as you've heard just on the last few questions on the input cost environment. So I probably would say, yes, we're taking a prudent approach to make on our call. But certainly, encouraged by our start to the year and would love to drive to a very strong result this year. Nelson?
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes. And just to build on Mike's point, Javier, I mean a couple of things. We're focused, obviously, on margin trajectory over time. And margins will move quarter-to-quarter. And they have to do with country and category mix, timing of our innovation pipeline, as well as changes in absolute productivity delivery. Productivity delivery is not linear. I mean the timing of when projects come online and how quickly we can realize the benefits, we have an estimate, but again, you got to get them through. We have a full outlook for the year, and that's embedded there, and we're very encouraged by how the whole year started, but we have a lot of activities still coming our way, including a very strong innovation pipeline for which we're going to be putting back money into the business. We're going to be stepping up investments at least 50 basis points for the balance of the year. And if we see opportunities to invest more in the business and more in our transformation to accelerate it, we will. So we're taking all of that into account and also take into consideration the sale of our PPE business, which we've built into the forecast, which is about a headwind of $0.08 for the balance of the second half of the year.
Javier Escalante: Well, I will take that as a conservative guidance. Thank you very much, okay.
Mike Hsu: Thank you Javier.
Nelson Urdaneta: Thanks Javier.
Chris Jakubik: Great. Well, thank you everyone for joining us today. For those of you who have follow-up questions, Aishwarya and myself will certainly be available for follow-ups. So thanks again, and we look forward to seeing you going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Everyone, this concludes today's event. You may disconnect at this time, and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-24 08:30:00) =====
Chris Jakubik: Hello. This is Chris Jakubik, Head of Investor Relations at Kimberly-Clark, and welcome to our Fourth Quarter 2023 Business Update. During our review, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties, and these are discussed in our earnings release and our filings with the SEC. We will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures during these remarks. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for, and should be read together with GAAP results. And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and the supplemental materials posted at investor.kimberly-clark.com. Today, our Chairman and CEO, Mike Hsu, will provide an update on our overall business performance, and Nelson Urdaneta, our Chief Financial Officer, will provide an overall financial review and our outlook for the coming year. We have also scheduled a separate live question-and-answer session with analysts. You can access our earnings release, supplemental materials and audio of our Q&A session at investor.kimberly-clark.com. A replay of the Q&A session will be available following the event through the same website. With that, I will turn it over to Mike.
Mike Hsu: Great. Thank you, Chris, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. Our fourth quarter results reflect a solid finish to a 2023 that was punctuated by better organic growth and a stronger recovery of costs, margins, and earnings than we anticipated at the start of the year. Our results reflect the hard work and commitment of our people to excite and delight our consumers and customers, while navigating macro-economic challenges that have persisted across our industry. Looking back at the past year, and in fact, the five years since I stepped into the role as CEO, I am incredibly proud of our team. We've made significant enhancements to our business and how we're serving our customers and our consumers. At the same time, we successfully addressed an unprecedented inflationary cycle, continuous supply chain disruptions and the need to offset new, higher cost levels. Importantly, we built advantages in key commercial areas that will benefit us for the long term. Through it all, we've learned some valuable lessons that have made us stronger. Our strong performance this year and our solid finish gives us confidence that this phase of cost recovery and supply chain stabilization is largely behind us. This is a pivotal moment for Kimberly-Clark. We're positioned to build on the consumer centricity we've established over the past several years and take another leap forward into our next chapter of growth. We do this from a much stronger financial position. From our cost structure to our cash flow to our balance sheet, we're in a better position to accelerate and enhance the performance of our business. Our growth strategies are working, and our financial performance has improved as we've strengthened our foundation. But I believe we can do even better. We're continuing to sharpen our strategic focus and I'm confident in and excited about the future of Kimberly-Clark. We look forward to hosting an Investor Day in March to share more about the strategic priorities and key initiatives that will drive this step-change in the future. We began 2023 with two main objectives: playing to win by continuing to elevate our categories and expand our markets; and driving profitable growth focused on margin recovery in a quality way, boosting our brand investments while remaining disciplined on costs. Versus our initial expectations last January, we over-delivered on both fronts. In terms of organic growth, the quality of our top-line momentum has continued to improve with a healthier balance across price, volume, and mix. I would like to highlight three key points about our organic growth since 2019. First, in 2023, we built further on the sales gains achieved in the 2020 to 2022 pandemic period. Second, the contribution from pricing to help offset unprecedented inflation is receding and our brands remain healthy and well-positioned to grow. Third, underlying growth, volume plus mix is now turning positive. Volumes have continued to improve and were flat in Q4. We've been driving consistent, positive mix the past four years, reflecting our strategy to elevate our categories. This has shown most prominently in our Personal Care business, where we strategically focused the majority of our organic investments. A key driver has been our focus on launching category-defining innovation. It's our heritage, and a focal point of our strategy to elevate our categories and expand our markets. Our approach to innovation has evolved to be more consumer-centric, driving consumer-preferred solutions, guided by consumer insights and behaviors to create and scale end-to-end advantages. We've focused on propositions that can deliver the trifecta of consumer desirability, technology advantage and margin expansion. In 2023, we prioritized innovation in two of the biggest consumer demand spaces in Personal Care, Skin Health & Wellness and Leak-Free Comfort. In Skin Health & Wellness, we leveraged advantaged technology for superior performance in products such as our Huggies Dual Zone for skin health, Huggies Newborn Zinc Enriched and Kotex Liners with a pH indicator. The team did an incredible job of scaling the Kotex launch globally within its first full year. In Leak-Free Comfort, we applied advantaged product designs to improve performance in Feminine Care with Kotex Overnight, a platform being rolled out globally. In Youth Pants where GoodNites XL drove growth into its second full year of launch, and in Diapers with a new marketing push behind our superior-performing Huggies Blowout Blocker in all of our newborn lines. These innovations were successful because of the consumer-preferred solutions they deliver as well as the strategic investments we made to improve our commercial execution over the past few years. Our commercial execution is much stronger and more integrated than at any point in the company's history. We've enhanced and scaled our innovation and product technologies. We've pivoted toward a digital-first brand paradigm, focused on building ongoing relationships with our consumers. We're enabling superior in-market execution by leveraging world-class process and tools. And we've enhanced net revenue realization through a disciplined analytical approach, helping us to systematically optimize trade decisions in real time. As a result, new product launches in the past three years represented 54% of 2023 net sales in our Consumer businesses and contributed more than 70% of our incremental organic growth in 2023. In Personal Care, we have more than doubled the rate innovation was delivering for us as recently as 2021. In addition, more than 75% of our top 25 projects are now being scaled globally. This level of innovation has helped mitigate the volume and mix impact, and in many cases helped facilitate, the revenue realization we've driven over the past two years. We're moving faster and with greater confidence because we now have leading-edge commercial tools to take more informed actions and capitalize on our innovative products. A testament to our improvement in commercial execution is the fact that for the second year in a row we've topped The Advantage Survey as the best CPG manufacturer in North America. Together, these factors have been key contributors to what has been a price/mix and productivity-driven gross margin recovery through the end of 2023. Over the past five quarters, accretive innovation, improved commercial execution and a strong ongoing stream of cost savings enabled our rapid recovery in gross margins. This is critical because our gross margins and more specifically gross profit dollars serve as our fuel for growth and investments in the future. In the second half of 2023, we recovered 2019 levels faster than originally anticipated and can now pivot our focus from cost recovery to accelerating growth and building longer-term competitive advantages. Importantly, we view our gross margin recovery to-date as a milestone, not an endpoint, and believe there remains ample opportunity for us to expand margins from here. We've made great progress, but we have a lot of opportunity yet to be realized. There's no question that pressures on our consumers and inflationary economies in some of our developing markets will remain challenging in the near term. We will continue our relentless focus on market share and our need to improve upon recent trends. The foundation we've established over the past several years has positioned us to take another leap forward into our next chapter of growth. Elevating our categories and expanding our markets is working and can be accelerated. We're in a better position to fully leverage the investments we've made. We know where we can improve even more in terms of volume, mix and efficiency to drive margins further. And we are in a much stronger financial position to undertake a step-change in the business. Which is a good place to hand off to Nelson to cover our financial results and initial outlook for 2024.
Nelson Urdaneta: Thank you, Mike. The stronger financial position we now enjoy truly resides in the exceptional execution, discipline, and portfolio optimization our team has displayed these past two years. As we look back at 2023, we have many reasons to believe in our potential and our ability to drive that momentum across the enterprise. Fourth quarter organic growth was 3%, reflecting further, gradual progress in getting towards a healthier balance across price, mix and volume, with volumes flat as we begin to lap the strong pricing actions taken over the past several quarters. In fact, pricing in the second half of 2023 was predominantly driven by price increases in inflationary, developing markets, a profile we expect will continue in 2024. Gross margin increased 210 basis points to 34.9%, reflecting improved revenue realization, mix, and cost savings that more than offset other manufacturing costs and currency headwinds. Looking forward, our cost basket in the near term is likely to remain mixed, with favorability in some raw materials, contrasting with higher distribution and labor costs as well as currency headwinds. Below gross profit, adjusted operating income margin was down 80 basis points and adjusted earnings per share was $0.03 below Q4 last year. Currency headwinds, both in the form of translation as well as a negative impact from monetary losses in hyperinflationary economies, were in fact a significant factor that held back operating profit growth, operating margin and EPS in the fourth quarter. The negative impact from monetary losses in hyperinflationary economies, captured in the other income and expense line, was approximately $70 million in Q4, representing more than 100 basis points of negative impact to operating margins. At adjusted EPS, this impact was partially offset by higher interest income, resulting in a roughly $0.09 per share negative impact in the quarter. These impacts were largely driven by a significant devaluation since we last updated our guidance in late October. For the full year, we built further on the strong organic sales gains in 2022 as pricing faded, as expected, and volume plus mix gradually turned positive, adjusted gross margin for the year improved 370 basis points to 34.5%, reflecting our hard-fought return to pre-pandemic gross margin levels in the second half of the year, while adjusted operating margin grew 150 basis points and adjusted earnings per share were up 17%, mainly for the same reasons. There were two other factors driving our full year results worth highlighting. First, at operating profit and EPS, note that the full year negative impact from monetary losses in hyperinflationary economies was about $115 million, representing a roughly 50 basis point negative impact to adjusted operating margin. At EPS, we saw a roughly $0.16 impact net of interest income from our monetary positions in those hyperinflationary economies. Second, and more important, is our investments in our brands, our people, and our capabilities, investments we've continued to make despite the ups and downs in our gross margin. Our 2023 marketing, research and general expense levels, specifically, reflect advertising spending of more than 5% of net sales, up almost $200 million from last year, the successful deployment of revenue growth management capabilities. It also reflects the upgrading of our commercial talent, and technology investments that include a new system to increase procurement efficiency across the enterprise, as well as higher incentive compensation. While this has held back our operating profit margins versus 2019 levels, as we've highlighted today, those investments have been critical in recovering our baseline earnings power and driving organic growth. And as we make further progress towards a volume and mix driven organic growth profile, we're confident that we will begin to see the type of margin leverage we expect from these investments. Before I get to our 2024 outlook, I'll provide some highlights on each of our segments. In Personal Care, the momentum we saw in the second half and the quality of fourth quarter results is both encouraging and something we expect to build upon. Organic sales growth reflected a shift to a more balanced contribution from volume, mix and price in the second half, with volumes positive for the second consecutive quarter. North America Personal Care grew 5% in Q4, driven entirely by volume and mix. Outside of North America, China grew volumes in the high-single digits for the full year, while other markets saw improving volume and mix trends as the year progressed, relative to strong, but necessary, year-on-year price increases throughout the year. At a category level, it's worth noting continued momentum in Feminine Care from share gains leading to double-digit organic growth for the full year. At the operating margin, Q4 levels reflected both a typical seasonal low in the business as well as an unfavorable swing in one-off, discrete costs versus the prior year. That said, the mid-17% margins in the second half and full year represent a solid base from which we expect to build going forward. In Consumer Tissue, the organic growth trend into Q4 reflected improved volumes sequentially as we begin to lap considerable pricing taken in previous quarters. Full year organic growth was driven by North America and Developed Markets, with North America delivering flat volumes for the full year. And in the UK, momentum of our Andrex brand continued as we recover from supply chain disruptions. Specifically, we saw both sequential and year-over-year share gains in Q4 as well as double-digit consumption growth for the full year. At operating profit, margins for the segment strengthened as the year progressed, reflecting the improving volume trends as well as ongoing productivity initiatives. Finally, our K-C Professional business results reflected the success of our sharpened strategic focus on country category segments that we see as more resilient, as well as investments in innovation to create value-driven propositions and sustainable solutions for our customers. As a result, organic growth has been driven by a strong contribution from necessary pricing that was largely lapped in North America and other Developed Markets in the fourth quarter. Volumes have primarily reflected expected elasticity from pricing, while mix has been a solid contributor throughout because of the choices we've made to emphasize certain segments over others. In Q4, volumes in North America reflected the ongoing rightsizing of the business in terms of both our own focus on profitable volume as well as wholesale inventory levels. We would expect a more subdued volume picture to continue into Q1 for the same reasons, with improved trends as the year progresses. In terms of operating margin for Professional, while Q4 levels reflected typical seasonality versus the rest of the year, full year gross and operating margins in the business improved to levels that enable us to shift our full focus on investing to drive growth going forward. The last area that I want to touch upon, and speaks as much to the strengthening of our financial profile as our P&L, is our cash flow and balance sheet. In 2023, we generated $2.8 billion in free cash flow while investing roughly $770 million in CapEx spending. This reflected both the recovery in our baseline earnings power as well as better working capital discipline that we're beginning to drive throughout the organization. As a result, we've been able to rapidly reduce both net debt and our net leverage to levels consistent with our long-term, single-A credit rating target. Taken together, we now have the strong financial footing to accelerate the type of step-change in the business we know we're capable of. Our confidence in our path forward is also reflected in the dividend increase we announced today. Which brings me to our outlook for 2024. Overall, while significant exogenous headwinds like currency are likely to remain a factor in our reported results, we are cautiously optimistic that both the consumer environment and our own operating momentum will continue to lead to durable, profitable growth. On the top-line, we are expecting low-to-mid single digit organic net sales growth, a range of organic growth that we expect will include approximately 200 basis points from pricing in hyperinflationary economies. At the same time, reported net sales growth is likely to be negatively impacted by roughly 300 basis points from currency translation and another 60 basis points from divestitures. At operating profit, we currently expect high single-digit to low double-digit growth on a constant currency basis. This reflects our expectations for further improvements in revenue realization, business mix and cost savings. It also includes an assumption for costs from monetary losses in hyperinflationary economies, captured within the other income and expenses line, at roughly half the rate we experienced in 2023. Reported operating profit growth is likely to be negatively impacted by approximately 400 basis points from currency translation. We currently expect high single-digit earnings per share growth on a constant currency basis, reflecting both interest expenses and effective tax rate slightly higher versus the prior year. Here again, we expect reported EPS results to be impacted by approximately 400 basis points from currency translation. As far as pacing during the year, we expect 2024 reported net sales to be relatively balanced between the first half and second half of the year, although with a relatively lower rate of organic net sales growth in the first quarter versus the full year as our 2024 programming has a greater impact as the year unfolds. At the same time, we expect operating profit and earnings this year to be more 48% versus 52%, first half versus second half weighted, compared to what turned out to be more of 51:49 split in 2023. This reflects a combination of the balance of sales, greater currency headwinds in the first half and our expectation for greater productivity gains as the year progresses. With that, I will turn it back to Mike for some closing thoughts.
Mike Hsu: Thank you, Nelson. In closing, we are proud of our 2023 results and the solid finish to the year. We enter 2024 having advanced the company's strategic foundation, consumer-centricity and financial position. Moving forward, we will continue invest in differentiating our global brands and strengthening our capabilities. We will further leverage our cost structure and remain financially disciplined. And we'll make sure we are deploying capital in ways that benefit the enterprise and deliver value to our shareholders. On behalf of my leadership team and the more than 40,000 employees who work tirelessly to fulfill our purpose of Better Care for a Better World, thank you for your time and interest in Kimberly-Clark.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Kimberly-Clark's fourth quarter 2023 earnings question-and-answer session. I will now hand the call over to Chris Jakubik, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Chris Jakubik: Thank you, and hello, everyone. This is Chris Jakubik, Head of Investor Relations at Kimberly-Clark. And welcome to our Q&A session for our fourth quarter and full year 2023 results. During our remarks today, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties, and these are discussed in our earnings release and our filings with the SEC. We will also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures today. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for and should be read together with GAAP results. And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and the supplemental materials posted at investor.kimberly-clark.com. Before we begin, I'm going to hand it over to our Chairman and CEO, Mike Hsu, for a few quick opening comments.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thank you, Chris. And first of all, I'd like to just welcome Chris to Kimberly-Clark. This is his first earnings call with us, but it's probably a triple-digit number in earnings calls that he has done in his career. So, welcome to K-C, Chris. Hey, I'd like to just start by sharing that we're really proud of our performance in 2023, but, of course, we're not yet satisfied. We've built a strong foundation and positioned Kimberly-Clark for our next chapter of growth. These past few years, we've consistently invested to build a consumer-centric organization while navigating unprecedented challenges. Our strategy to elevate our categories and expand our market is working, and we're on an exciting path and positioned to deliver durable growth and returns for shareholders in our next chapter. And as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, we're looking forward to detailing our strategic priorities, our long-term algorithm, and outline the key initiatives behind our plans in March. And so with that, love to open it up for questions.
Operator: Certainly. Everyone, at this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is coming from Dara Mohsenian from Morgan Stanley. Your line is live.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, guys. I just wanted to touch on the organic sales growth guidance for next year. Low to mid single digit seems pretty robust relative to the 3% this quarter and just starting out the year lower in Q1. Obviously you mentioned the 200 basis points from the hyperinflationary markets next year in the prepared remarks, so that's part of it. Maybe, A, give us a sense of how much those markets contributed in Q4. And then, just as you look at the base business, ex those markets, maybe some commentary on pricing versus volume and what you're expecting? And if you could also just touch on market share performance in Q4. The U.S. track channels are weaker. So, just any update on how you're feeling about your market share performance and plans on that front as you look out to '24 would be helpful. Thanks.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Hey, thanks, Dara. Maybe I'll start with -- maybe as you kind of tee up there, the state of the consumer, particularly in Developed Markets, I'd say, our underlying category growth across Personal Care, Consumer Tissue, and Professional remains pretty robust both in absolute terms, and I think if you look across in relative to other broader staples. Our products -- I'll remind you, our daily essentials in -- unlike some categories, substitution of our categories is fairly low. On top of that, we still have a lot of room for penetration and revenue per user gains, and so we're working on that. So, overall, I think the consumer right now still remains despite what, you might argue, is a fairly mixed kind of consumer picture, the consumer remains pretty healthy. We're confident in our ability to elevate our categories and expand the markets further. The consumer picture, I said is somewhat mixed. Employment remains strong. Wage growth is up. But I think it's also probably fair to say, from our side that, the full effects of all the rate hikes and all the economic policy impacts are not fully materialized in the consumers. So that all said, the categories were pretty robust. In North America, just to give you a reference point, North America category value was up six in the fourth quarter and up eight for the year. So that's a pretty solid number. Again, I'll chalk that up to the fact that there's low substitution in our categories. And that makes our categories a lot more resilient than other staples categories that I've worked in the past. We still also, Dara, see pretty good demand for premium products and we're seeing that in a broad array of markets, including in North America. Surprisingly, you might say in a market like Argentina is still, Brazil, China, of course. And so, we're very enthused about our approach with elevating our categories and expanding our markets and we believe that still working and still appropriate, even though we recognize we've got to be able to offer great value at all price tiers. So I'll pause there. I know that I threw a lot at you. So, I know there were multiple parts to your question. I don't know, Dara, if you wanted to go. Nelson, if you want to...
Nelson Urdaneta: Yeah, there was a question on the decomposition of our top-line growth for the year and how it relates to Q4, let me address that a little bit, Dara. I think to recap, the fourth quarter was a quarter in which we attained flat volumes and pricing was only 2% of the contribution with mix being 1%. That 2% was largely hyperinflationary economies. And as you think about this year, this is going to be a year in which we see volumes beginning to pick up from Q2 on. And we expect pricing to be in that 200 basis point range, right in-line with what we saw in the last quarter of the year and that pricing is really going to be driven based on what we expect today by hyperinflationary economies. So, the profile is really on the pricing side, very similar to what we saw in Q4.
Dara Mohsenian: Okay. And the volume pick up as we go through the year, is that more pricing moderates? Is it that you've seen some early signs and whatever the geographies or product categories? Or that you're seeing some volume recovery? Or is it more just sort of a natural assumption over time as pricing recovers? Thanks.
Mike Hsu: We're pretty pleased, Dara. I think we've made very, very solid progress on volume and consumers responded very favorably on our categories. So, I'd say, first of all, our next chapter, which I think we're turning the page and shifting to a volume mix-driven plan, which is returning to that, which -- that was kind of our approach pre-pandemic and so we're going back to that. So, contribution pricing to help offset the record inflation that we've got, it's going to recede and has already started receding. There might be a need to address some particular higher costs in some markets or locations. But that's going to be pretty surgical, and will likely reflect if there's pricing reflect inflation at local levels. But overall, I think we're feeling very good about driving the volume on our business. We have seen our businesses start to improve, including in North America on a share perspective in the fourth quarter, and believe we have the right mix and growth drivers in our plan to drive the business going forward.
Dara Mohsenian: Thanks, guys.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thank you, Dara.
Nelson Urdaneta: Thank you, Dara.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Lauren Lieberman from Barclays. Your line is live.
Lauren Lieberman: Great, thanks. Good morning.
Mike Hsu: Hi, Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: Hi. I wanted to just shift focus maybe a little bit to talk a bit about the cost picture and FORCE savings. Both of those benefit from deflation, and FORCE savings in the fourth quarter were a bit lighter I think than expected or certainly that we'd modeled. So, it's rare to see that. So, if you could just maybe provide some perspective on why that outlook moving forward and maybe how FX plays into that, if at all?
Nelson Urdaneta: Sure. So, let me start, Lauren, by saying that this phase of cost recovery and supply chain stabilization, we would think of it as largely behind us. A lot of the disruptions and the super cycle that we saw, our expectation is for that to not happen in the foreseeable future and certainly in 2024 based on what we know today. So, thinking about cost as a whole, first, our aggregate cost basket is easing in inflation, but there is no deflation, because there are several components that I'd like to unpack. We expect the '24 cost environment to be more stable. But we will still remain at higher levels of costs mostly in-line with what we've seen in this super cycle these past three years. As you know, core commodities like pulp, resin, energy in dollar terms are expected to be somewhat favorable following the trends that we saw in the back half of last year. However, if you think of other components of our cost basket like distribution, logistics, and labor inflation, that's actually going to remain a headwind in this year, in '24, and that's pretty much offsetting the tailwinds that we're seeing on the core commodities, which leaves us with currency-related inflation on imported materials, largely impacting our emerging market hyperinflationary markets, which will need to be addressed, and we've been addressing that over the past years and we intend to do that in the course of the year. Just as a perspective, the overall net cost headwind when you include all of the components is projected to be around 100 basis points for the year, which we see as much more manageable than what we've seen in the past. We've got very strong productivity plans and a little need to price outside of local inflation in these hyperinflationary markets. Turning to FORCE and our productivity targets, the outlook we provided shows that we feel very good about our ability to continue generating strong productivity. You saw that we ended last year with FORCE results of around $325 million. And it's important to highlight that over the last 20 years, FORCE has delivered a little north of $6 billion of cumulative identified productivity that has flown to the P&L. More recently, and we've been talking about it even at your conference in September, we're evolving our culture towards an end-to-end integrated cost management perspective, really focused on gross productivity. We're building a proactive multi-year pipeline of initiatives. We see our pipeline of gross productivity out to 36 months pretty strong, and that should flow to the bottom-line, and this is reflected in the outlook we are providing today. I'm excited to talk more about our transition to gross productivity and integrated margin management at our March meeting when we talk about the future a little more.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, great. And then, if I could just also follow up a bit on Argentina? So, I guess, a couple parts to this question. Path forward for Argentina? Whether the devaluation of the monetary assets is one-time in nature or do we need to build this in, or how do we think about that in the next kind of quarter or two of the year? And then, also overall, just kind of risk management around FX? Because this time last year there was also kind of a bit -- it wasn't hyperinflation, but a bit of a surprise to the Street in terms of the expected impact from transactional FX. So -- and that's the case again this year. So, path forward in Argentina, the devaluation on monetary assets piece, and then overall risk management on currency and transaction.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Hey, Lauren, thanks for the question. Hey, let me start with the overall on the path forward, I will say, hey, we're staying the course, but we're, of course, going to balance potential against the inherent volatility in the business. And so, we're going to remain prudent. I do want to say, I'm really inspired, and we've got people operating in some difficult conditions in Argentina and also other markets. So, as a company, we're really inspired by the impact our employees make in these markets and really proud to shoulder that responsibility of serving our consumers in these difficult conditions. At the same time, I will say we will not just hang around where conditions become untenable. And then, of course, you would double-click and say, what's untenable. I'll let you know when we see it. But certainly, if we can't make product or if we can't convert currency at some point that becomes somewhat untenable. But right now, we're working our way through it in multiple markets like Argentina, like Ukraine. And so, again, that's the high-level answer on path forward is we're staying the course.
Nelson Urdaneta: Yeah. And, Lauren, to build on what I told Dara on the pricing and hyperinflationary, so a few things. As we think of last year, the full year impact of the mark-to-market of our net monetary position in other income and expense line...
Lauren Lieberman: Sorry, keep going.
Nelson Urdaneta: Okay. So, the impact above the operating profit line was $115 million for the year and about $70 million for the quarter. That netted off some of the interest income that we perceive on cash balances in Argentina, led to a net impact of about $0.16 on EPS in the year and about $0.09 of EPS in the quarter. As we fast-forward to this year, we are projecting about half of that impact, both in the other income and expense line, and then on EPS. We will see a little bit of more of that impact in the first half of the year, it's reflected in part of our outlook. But that's what's projected at this stage based on what know.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thanks, Lauren.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Jason English from Goldman Sachs. Your line is live.
Jason English: Hey, good morning, folks. Thanks for slotting me in.
Mike Hsu: Hey, Jason.
Jason English: Hey, Mike. Couple of questions. I want to bring it back to volume, and specifically I want to double-click on your Professional segment where volume was little bit weaker than we expected this quarter. If I zoom out and just look since 2019, so pre-COVID, volume is down like 23%, 24%. And I know you mentioned rightsizing in prepared remarks today. So, my question is, what's going on there? Where has all the volume gone? And how -- your margin suggest you're not getting meaningful deleverage here. How have you been able to offset the associated deleverage effects of that lost volume?
Mike Hsu: As always, Jason, you're right on the issue. So, a good one. But I think if you look at the margin profile of the business, I think the team has done a great job addressing, I would say the volume softness or volume change in the environment. And a couple different things. One, we had to adjust rapidly to this work-from-home demand environment that kind of came on with the advent of COVID as you might recall. And you may recall our washroom business, which is the majority of our business in K-C Professional tends to be higher development in offices. And so, that's really where the volume has gone up. I would say right now, that volume on a category basis is running about 80% to 85% of what it was pre-pandemic. And it's not going to bounce back that quickly, the reality is. And I'm not sure you're in your office at Goldman in New York every day. And so that's the same thing. As we look around our offices, we're not fully back in, right? And so, it's partial at best. So that's, I would say, an ongoing challenge in that business. But I think our team has adjusted to that and treated as a reality. We have rightsized some of the business and some of it was from a cost perspective. The reality is we were doing a lot of volume and co-packing a lot of volume on the external market. And so I'd say, we haven't had to address fixed costs as much as you might have thought of. And so -- and I think that's reflected. So, I think the team has done a good job of recapturing margins from a -- both from a price perspective, mix perspective, and also while growing volumes at the same time behind great innovations like our ICON dispenser, which I believe is really the best dispenser in that side of the business. So, anyway, so I think the team has done a great job and I think you can see that in the margin and definitely have recovered from pre-'19 margins on that business and actually exceeding at this point.
Jason English: That's helpful. I appreciate that. And I think another headwind to volume this year, that you were talking about earlier in the year, but not talking about so much of late, were supply constraints. So, can you remind us where they were? How sizable they were? I assume the lack of conversation around them suggests they're alleviated now. But can you confirm that? And I would imagine that cycling those supply constraints should prove to be a tailwind, particularly in the first half of next year. Is that right? And how large of a tailwind?
Mike Hsu: One could only hope, Jason. We could only hope that. But actually, I think, first of all, a couple of things. Yeah, we did have some pretty significant supply constraints in our North American Consumer business for the majority of last year, definitely through Q3. And that had to do with some supply conditions with external suppliers, for example, on packaging that made availability difficult across Personal Care. Also some in our Kleenex business, I think we've talked about a key ingredient that we weren't able to get access to, that we developed a secondary source to during the course of the year. So, those were kind of the big factors, I would say. I think we mentioned that on the last quarter call, we didn't make the biggest deal about it. We were working through this challenge with our suppliers, with our customers, and they were fully aware of it. But it's not something that we communicated publicly that often. But I would say for the better part of the year, that did suppress our share performance. I'm not saying that was the only driver, but I think it was a fairly significant driver. We have addressed those issues. I'd say our commercial execution is going to be stronger than ever. We're really past all these constraints that I talked about. And our consumption is moving in the right direction. Our share has moved in the right direction in the fourth quarter as well in North America.
Jason English: Got it. Good stuff. Thanks a lot. I'll pass it on and look forward to see you in March.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thanks, Jason. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Anna Lizzul from Bank of America. Your line is live.
Anna Lizzul: Hi, good morning, and thank you for the question. I wanted to follow up on market share in light of your exposure to private label, since in your track channels, private label share has been creeping up in some of your categories. Just wondering, how are you thinking about brand investment with marketing versus promotions in order to maintain and grow market share? Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Yeah, great question, Anna. Core to our business, I'd say a couple of things. First of all, on market share, I'm confident that our market share performance this year is going to improve from last year. Definitely, I was not happy with our performance on share last year. For perspective, on a weighted basis, which we use as an internal metric, we don't talk about as much publicly, but on a weighted basis, we are down globally about 40 bps, okay? So, not falling off a cliff, but not what we want. So, we want to be growing weighted share as well. On a cohort basis, which is the one we usually talk to you all about, we are up or even and just under 40%. And so that's below our goal of 50% or more, of which I'd say we were kind of jumping over that bar back in 2021. So, I think we are where we are today, what we're going to build from here. I'd say a couple of things. All that said, probably the biggest challenge has been for us in North America related to the supply constraints that I just talked about. I did want to note. We've had strong gains and really, really strong market positions in most of our largest markets. Just for reference, in South Korea, which is our second largest business, we're up probably about 20 share points over the last five years. And in Australia and New Zealand, we're up somewhere between 10 and 15 share points over the last five years. Andrex, in the quarter, which is our number fifth largest business, was up over 300 bps on share just in the quarter. So, we feel very good -- and one more on China. I think we're approaching almost 300 bps again on the Huggies in the quarter. So, I think we feel very good about our gains in our largest markets. The exception has been North America, where we have underperformed, but that is improving. A lot of that, I think, was just what I discussed with Jason. We had some severe supply constraints where we weren't able to run our brand plans in the way that we wanted to run last year. We saw solid improvement in Q4. We were up or even in six of eight categories and sequentially improved in five of eight. And so, we feel pretty good about our trajectory. As I said just a while ago, our commercial execution capability has never been better, and we're going to gain share by bringing the right innovations, which our customers are excited about, executing well, and bringing sustainable cost advantage to our business. You mentioned private label. On the note, I would recognize that, yeah, we have seen an uptick in private label in the past quarter or two. I think, if you look at the scanner data, I think it was up or even in seven of eight categories. I'd say, on private label, we are very, very committed to having a superior value proposition in every price tier that we're in. So, versus 2019, if you look on a longer perspective, private label is down a bit and the premium segment is up significantly. And even today, the premium segment continues to grow. So, it is clear that the value tier has picked up a bit, and our shares were impacted in the second and third quarter, although I would say, more from our supply constraints than private label trading. I mean, we compete with private label. We're cognizant of that. Our approach, Anna, is to bring the right set of innovations, which we are accelerating and have been accelerating, and our customers are very supportive of it. There are a couple of categories where we have a little more value offering. Scott 1000 is a great value brand, but I think it competes very, very well in its tier and is really, really accepted by consumers. And so, again, we're cognizant that private label is kind of out there, and that in uncertain or tough economic conditions, value becomes much more important to the consumer. And we're committed to having a great value proposition at every tier.
Anna Lizzul: Great. Very helpful. Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thanks, Anna.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Steve Powers from Deutsche Bank. Your line is live.
Steve Powers: Hey, thanks, guys. Good morning.
Mike Hsu: Hi, Steve.
Steve Powers: Hey. So, maybe to start, you talked about a lower rate of organic growth in the first quarter and also a slightly back-half weighted earnings profile for the year in the prepared remarks, and some of the comments this morning echo that. I guess maybe could you provide just a little bit more color on the drivers there and maybe a little bit more specificity on how to think about first quarter trends relative to the balance of the year? Thanks.
Nelson Urdaneta: Sure, Steve. So, I'll start by reiterating that we're very encouraged by how we finished 2023, a strong foundation for us to build from and a position in which volumes have stabilized. And we had a quarter in which we're flattened volume and mix was another 100 basis points of growth. As we think about the cadence of the year, our first half, second half, balance of sales and earnings, and our quarterly pacing is reflecting a combination of three things. One, our go-to-market plans; two, our productivity initiatives; and thirdly, the current shape of currency headwinds that I talked about a little while ago. On organic sales growth, we see a relatively balanced across the year, but Q1 somewhat muted due to softer volumes on a sequential basis. We have more programming coming into play as the year progresses, especially as Q2 kicks in. And this includes incremental innovation that will be going into market at that stage. So, we should see progressively improvement in volumes and a mix-led organic growth and margins following Q1. The other bit that, again, as we think about Q1 in terms of volumes, we've built into the plan a gradual improvement across the year. And in Q1 specifically, we're expecting another relatively flat volume quarter, also because of the possibility that retail inventory softness pushes us slightly even below that level. But that's reflected in our outlook for the full year, and we expect again, volumes to pick up as the year progresses.
Steve Powers: Okay. Thank you for that. I guess kind of just stepping back a little bit, there's been a lot of investment that you've highlighted over the course of time in Personal Care, not just the past year, but the past few years, product quality, marketing, commercialization, et cetera. And I think you see the results in relatively strong market share trends and organic growth. I guess on the other side, Consumer Tissue and KCP continue to lag and struggle from a volume perspective. So, I guess, as you think about '24 and both the relative balance of investment and the relative balance of contribution to growth, can you give us a little insight into how you're thinking about that, and how we should think about how those businesses are likely to trend relative to one another in the year?
Mike Hsu: Yeah. I'll just -- I'll make a couple of comments and then Nelson maybe can give some additional detail. But look, see, I would say we are running our Consumer Tissue business, some might say externally, a little differently. I look at our Consumer Tissue business and see it as a premier consumer franchise and I'm proud of the strong margin recovery that we've made over a short period of time in this business. To note, I would say, on a volume basis, if you look at North America for the quarter, our organic and tissue was up 3% and the volume was up 2%. I'm very excited about the volume kind of resiliency in that business. I think it reflects the essential nature of the category. As you know, you're not moving away from the bath category, no matter what the condition is. And so, we recognize we have an important kind of responsibility for consumers. But I think the thing that changed in the past few years, first of all, the amount of inflation that's occurred on our overall business, but especially tissue, has been, not to be dramatic, but fundamentally historic, right? Two years in a row of 2x what the all-time high ever was, right? And so, our teams have done a phenomenal job, I would say, recovering the margins on the business that were necessary to keep that franchise healthy going forward. A couple other things that we've done to improve our ability to manage the business better is, better risk management tools to get us more stability from costs. And hopefully, you guys are seeing that. We're not talking a lot about that, but with Nelson coming in, we've changed some of our practices. With Tamera, our Chief Supply Officer, coming in, we've changed some of our supply chain practices. And so we're trying to reduce the volatility of the input costs. I would say if you looked at the margin recovery, the biggest driver is really, really disciplined application of, we call internally, revenue growth management tools. But if we had not made those investments over the past five years, we would not have been able to move at the pace we moved over the last two years on revenue management. And then, probably the most important thing going forward is the fact that we're driving value-added innovation. And we recognize as a consumer franchise, we have to have a great offering, a superior offering. I mentioned in the UK Andrex, I think we hit about a 33 or 34 share in the quarter. Our price gap has widened over the past three years, but our quality has improved significantly. And we've invested in new technologies in our European tissue business that's allowing us to differentiate that product. And so, we feel good about our position on tissue. There are some pockets of challenge, some markets can be very tough and we're able to operate in those. But we're really pleased with the kind of rapid recovery of margins and how our teams are managing that business right now.
Nelson Urdaneta: And just to build on what Mike was saying and address the investments, over the last few years, as you would have seen, we've stepped it up both on advertising support for our brands and the capabilities that are allowing us to emerge much stronger from this super cycle of inflation that we've seen. Specifically, for 2023, our advertising budget overall increased to more than 5% in net sales, which represented roughly about 100 basis points of increase versus the prior year. And that's about $200 million in absolute terms. As you think about this year, Steve, we will still keep expanding that, but it'll be at about half the pace of what we saw in 2023. And the other bit is in terms of overheads, which would include some of the capabilities we invested in, we are projecting overheads for the year to be largely flat in dollar terms year-over-year. So that can give you a perspective of what we're seeing in terms of investments and overall spend in 2024, building on what we did in the past few years.
Steve Powers: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot, and I'll pass it on.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thanks.
Chris Jakubik: If we could take maybe one more question, that'd be great.
Operator: Certainly. Your next question is coming from Andrea Teixeira from JPMorgan. Your line is live.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. Good morning. And welcome, Chris. So, can you -- I have one question and a clarification on your comments, Nelson, towards the end of the last question. First, can you break down a bit the 2024 guide by division? I'm assuming you're still looking at like between to get to your number, mid-single digits for Personal Care, some growth in volume there, because that's where you get most of the growth, and then, Tissue to be flattish -- Consumer Tissue to be flattish or to grow low single, and then Professionals to be negative, especially in the first quarter as you lap those contracts. The reason why I ask is that historically, for a good reason, it's a better ROI, but you're more dependent on Personal Care than the others. And you've been, to your point and to your benefit, getting market share, in particular in U.S. and China in diapers and Fem Care. So, I was wondering how you feel about the comps and how you feel about being able to meet this number in between low-single and mid-single. I mean, at least at the high end of the guide, it does imply that you have a strong volume growth in Personal Care. So, I was wondering how you feel and how you could decompose by division. And then, a clarification on the reinvestment. You said -- Nelson, you mentioned $200 million was the actual number, roughly, of the investment, and then this year would be about half of it. And I was wondering, what is the incrementality? It's more displays and shelf space, promo? What is going to be the main source? Because to be fair, you've been, to your point, investing for a while now since Mike took over five years ago? Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Hey, Andrea, great set of questions. Maybe I'll start with the bottom half first, and then Nelson could kind of decomp some of the organic drivers. On the investment, again, my priority would be focused on advertising. I think we get great returns on advertising, both from -- certainly from traditional TV and stuff, but more importantly, the digital, and the returns are very, very high. And so, our focus is there. I mean, we are going to be, I would say, competitive on the promotion front -- on a trade promotion front, but that said, that's not how we're going to drive our business. We do feel like we get great value and we have great creative both on things like Huggies, on U by Kotex, across our business, on Scott 1000 lasts long, and so we got great copy and we're going to invest there.
Nelson Urdaneta: Yeah. So, in terms of kind of the breakdown by segment, I mean, we expect Personal Care to be growing in the mid to high single digits. So think of mid-single digits overall at the high end. And in the other two segments, we will be growing in the low-single digits. And that kind of gets you to the algorithm that we've provided. As I stated at the beginning, our plan is a vol mix, largely lead plan. And keep in mind that pricing will be around 200 basis points of that. And that's largely related to currency-related movements in hyperinflationary economies. So that's kind of the breakdown on how you should be thinking of our segment growth next year.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our Q&A session. I'll now hand the conference back to Chris Jakubik for closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Chris Jakubik: Thanks, everybody, for joining us today. For the analysts that have follow-up questions, we'll be around all day. And beyond that, we're looking-forward to seeing everybody in March.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect at this time, and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-24 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Kimberly-Clark Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Christina Cheng. Ma'am, the floor is yours.
Christina Cheng: Welcome, everyone, to our third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Before we begin, please note today's presentation will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements and you should not place any undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to deviate materially from our expectations. Our remarks today refer to adjusted results which exclude certain items described in our news release. We use non-GAAP financial measures to help investors understand our ongoing business performance. Please consult our press release for a discussion of our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. We have published supplemental materials which are found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Participating in today's call are our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mike Hsu; and our Chief Financial Officer, Nelson Urdaneta. Mike will start the discussion with our strategic priorities and provide an overview of our performance for the quarter. Nelson will provide a detailed discussion on our Q3 results and our outlook before we open the floor to Q&A. With that, I will turn the call over to Mike.
Michael Hsu: Thank you, Christina. We delivered another quarter of strong results. I'm proud of how our teams around the world are executing our growth strategy. Our innovation and commercial programs are contributing to the top line momentum with improving volume and market share trends and strong gross margin expansion. Based on the strength of our year-to-date performance, we are raising our full year outlook. Third quarter and year-to-date organic sales increased 5%, with growth across all segments. Personal Care, our largest business, led the way with 7% organic growth and importantly, 2% volume growth. Further gains in price and mix were enabled by strong revenue growth management capability, while volume improved sequentially for a third consecutive quarter. We expect volume trends to continue improving as we cycle prior pricing actions and continue to invest in our brands. We also continue to make excellent progress on margin recovery. Gross margin was up 530 basis points and exceeded 2019 levels, an important milestone in our commitment to restore our gross margin. Operating profit was up 18% and adjusted earnings per share grew 24%. Given the strength of our year-to-date performance, we're raising our 2023 outlook. We now expect organic sales to grow 4% to 5% and adjusted earnings per share to increase 15% to 17%. Global demand in our categories and for our brands remains resilient. In key markets, we're seeing a healthier balance of growth in both price and volume. In North America Consumer, organic sales were up 7%, with volume up 3%. Dynamics were similar in EMEA. In China, organic sales and volume were both up double digits despite ongoing category softness. While growth across D&E continues to be mixed, consumption increased double digits in Latin America. In our largest markets, our market shares are improving. In North America, we saw a sequential improvement in 6 of 8 categories. This was enabled by strong commercial execution, marketing activation and a significant easing of year-to-date supply constraints in personal care and facial tissue. In the U.K., new performance-enhancing designs, price pack offerings and digital initiatives have resulted in over 200 basis points of year-over-year share gains for Andrex. And in China, we're continuing to see strong market share momentum with Huggies share up nearly 200 basis points in the quarter. As market leaders, we're raising the bar by elevating and expanding our categories with superior products and advantaged technology to address unmet needs. We're also committed to meeting consumers where they need us by offering a comprehensive range of products across the value spectrum. I'll highlight a few examples. In China, we introduced a breakthrough design for Huggies with innovation that whisks away both forms of babies mess to reduce the frequency of diaper rash. This is a foundational element of our global skin health platform. In North America, we launched new Poise 7-drop ultra observancy pads and 8-drop overnight. These higher-capacity designs provide better absorbency in protection than daytime pads. Also in North America tissue, Scott 1000 lasts longer and dissolve faster and this has been core to Scott's powerful proposition among value-oriented consumers and that's why Scott continues to deliver robust growth in this important daily use segment. We believe our ongoing investment in advantage technology and brand communications will attract more consumers, increase usage occasions and ultimately grow our categories. I'm proud of the progress we've made to offset the multiyear impact of inflation on our P&L. Restoring margins to pre-pandemic levels was a milestone and not our end goal. We will continue to expand margins by executing our commercial and productivity programs to deliver balanced and sustainable growth for the long term. I'll now turn it over to Nelson to provide more details on our third quarter and outlook for the remainder of the year.
Nelson Urdaneta: Thanks, Mike. We delivered another quarter of strong results across the company. Net sales were $5.1 billion, up 2% versus last year. Organic sales increased 5%, led by high single-digit growth in the Personal Care segment and in North America. Volume improved sequentially for the third quarter in a row to minus 1%, while price realization was 5% and mix contributed 1 point of growth. Currency negatively impacted net sales by approximately 200 basis points. The exit of our Brazil tissue business had an additional impact of 100 basis points, primarily on Consumer Tissue and our Professional business. Let me spend a few minutes on each of our segments. First, Personal Care organic sales increased 7% this quarter. Price realization drove 4 points of growth and mix contributed 1%. Volume turned positive for the first time in 5 quarters, with an increase of 2%. North America and developing and emerging markets organic sales grew in the high single digits, with volume increases in North America. Developed markets grew low single digits. Within Personal Care, each of our subcategories grew high single digits. Operating margin for the segment improved 250 basis points versus a year ago, driven by gross margin improvement, while we continue to increase our investments in our brands. Second, organic growth in Consumer Tissue was 2%. Within Consumer Tissue, North America delivered 4% organic growth, driven by healthy demand in dry bath and towels. Outstanding results from the U.K. drove 2% growth in the developed markets on top of last year's 11% increase. Operating margin for the segment was up 320 basis points versus a year ago, driven by revenue growth management and improved service levels. Finally, our K-C Professional business posted 4% organic growth despite challenging comparisons against last year. On a 2-year average, organic sales growth was 7%. Demand for our washroom business remains healthy and new commercial programs drove share gains in North America. Strong revenue realization was partially offset by lower volumes which were partly driven by the timing of select planned price adjustments. Operating margin for Professional improved by 550 basis points which was broadly in line with the first half of 2023. Turning to the rest of the P&L. Third quarter gross margin increased 530 basis points to 35.8%. Revenue growth management, input cost tailwinds and about $90 million in FORCE savings more than offset other manufacturing costs and currency headwinds. The cost environment remains mixed. With favorability in raw materials offset by higher energy prices, currency headwinds and higher labor costs. Other manufacturing costs were $30 million higher than last year. Between the lines spending was 20.7% of net sales, up 310 basis points versus a year ago, reflecting year-on-year inflation and investments in our brands, our people and our capabilities. These results also reflect higher year-on-year incentive compensation accruals. Operating profit for the quarter increased 18% and operating margin improved by 210 basis points to 15.1%. This includes a currency headwind of $135 million or a 21 percentage point profit impact, of which 4 points were due to the translation of earnings from non-U.S. operations and the balance was largely driven by transactional costs. Lastly, the adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 22.5%, in line with last year's 22.3%. Our operating results, coupled with lower net interest expense and gains in equity income drove a 24% growth in adjusted earnings per share to $1.74 in the third quarter. Turning to balance sheet and cash flow highlights. Through the first 9 months of the year, we generated $2.3 billion in cash flow from operations. Capital spending was $549 million compared to $679 million last year. We expect to end the year with CapEx of approximately $800 million. Year-to-date, we returned $1.3 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Now let me say a few words about our outlook. Based on our strong results, we are raising our full year guidance. We now expect organic sales growth of 4% to 5% and net sales growth of 1% to 2%, reflecting the impact of unfavorable currency and divestitures. We also now expect adjusted earnings per share growth of 15% to 17%. Currency headwinds continue to worsen given the recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Argentina peso and other key currencies. Based on recent currency forward curves, we are projecting that currency will have a negative top line impact of approximately 300 basis points and a bottom line headwind of approximately $450 million, up from our previous assumption of $300 million to $400 million for the year. On input costs, we now expect headwinds of approximately $50 million versus the previous outlook of $100 million. Other manufacturing costs are now expected to increase by approximately $250 million compared to $200 million in our prior outlook. With gross margins returning to pre-pandemic levels in the quarter, we remain focused on driving cost discipline and productivity to create more fuel for growth. For the full year, we project FORCE to deliver $300 million to $350 million, reflecting favorable results from ongoing negotiations of our materials purchases. Continued progress in gross margin recovery puts us in a great position to advance our commercial programs and we continue to expect advertising spend to increase by approximately 100 basis points for the full year. Overall, we now expect operating margin to increase 170 basis points at the midpoint of our guidance compared to an increase of 150 basis points in our July guidance. Below the line, net interest expense is expected to decline in the high single digits. We have also updated our assumption for adjusted tax rate to 23% to 24%. These improvements result in our full year outlook for adjusted earnings per share growth of 15% to 17%. In closing, while we continue to operate in a volatile environment, we remain focused on executing our growth strategy, including continued investments in our brands and capabilities for long-term value creation. With that, we will open the floor for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is coming from Chris Carey from Wells Fargo.
Chris Carey: So one question just around commodities. So clearly continuing to see favorability but we have seen some firming of late. And I just wonder how you see things over kind of near- to medium-term horizon from specifically the commodity basket? So basically trying to balance the fact that you're seeing favorability this year, you have hedges and there's timing impacts that aren't really going to impact this year but just how you're watching this overall commodity environment. I'm really asking this in the context of the potential need to take pricing against volumes and how that balance is going to work over the medium term?
Michael Hsu: Yes. I'll start with a quick comment and then I'll ask Nelson to kind of give you a lot more additional context and detail. But one, Chris, I'd say, we finally saw inflection in the cost environment for us. As you know, we've taken on a lot of inflation over the past couple of years. And even this year, the plan was additional, between currency and commodities, about $500 million of impact. And so in the quarter -- so our first quarter were -- the costs actually were favorable. And so that's a significant inflection point for us. I do expect input cost to be a modest tailwind going forward but don't expect necessarily that there's going to be a lot that's come behind that. The one thing is, though, we do believe and I mentioned this in the prepared remarks that it's our job to expand margins over time and we believe we have a lot of opportunity to do that on an ongoing basis between what we're doing on the revenue side and also on the cost side. But Nelson, maybe...
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes. Just to elaborate a little, Chris, on what Mike was walking you through. So at this stage, what we've seen in the quarter and it's playing out the way we had forecast back in July. In general, the savings that we're seeing are driven by pulp, distribution and other commodities. And we've actually seen some increases, especially as we look forward, on resin-based materials and energy costs. We had our first quarter of a benefit, so $75 million. And as you remember, for the first half of the year, we were negative around $190 million. Based on where we stand today, we still project that we will be favorable in the fourth quarter of the year by an amount that's not that dissimilar from what we had in the fourth quarter of the year. And for the full year, we would be around $50 million in terms of commodities negatively impacted. One thing to keep in mind is we've also been driving a lot of benefits, Chris, through our FORCE program. Remember, we engage in negotiations in some of the materials where there's no clear market for us to engage in hedging. And we've been actively pursuing this over the last few quarters. So that's also been a contributor for FORCE which includes our net -- our negotiated material prices and that's flowed through. As Mike said, we don't expect tremendous tailwinds going forward but we're pleased with where the overall costs are at this stage.
Chris Carey: That's very helpful. And then 1 follow-up just on Personal Care and specifically the North America part of the Personal Care division. The volume growth there, can you just talk to the durability, what year ago comps had to do with that? And then within the North America business. I wonder if you can talk about what categories are driving this?
Michael Hsu: Yes, great question, Chris. I'll give you maybe a view and a couple of different components. One, I'd say overall North America consumption remains robust. And I think that really does reflect the essential nature of our category. Our consumption in North America for K-C was up mid-single digit with solid growth across all categories. And then, I think one thing I did mention in the prepared remarks is we are coming off some fairly significant supply constraints that affected most of our Personal Care businesses and our Kleenex business mostly throughout the year. And so we did have shipments that were a little higher than consumption. And I'll give you an example on Baby Care. Organic shipments were up in the teens, low-teens, while consumption was up about between 3% and 4%. And so that really reflects, I think, retailers getting their inventories back in position. We had been allocating shipments on Huggies since the beginning of the year. And we had a pretty significant supply situation with a supplier outage that has constrained our volume, is actually kind of constrained our share throughout the course of the year on a number of brands. And so we came out of that, we came off allocation across all brands at some point in mid-September. And so that's kind of why shipments probably ended up in the quarter a little bit higher.
Nelson Urdaneta: And on the comp, Chris, also remember the last year in Q3 in September, we had a bit of a destock; so that's also kind of weighing in. But very pleased with where we ended up. And more importantly, the underlying consumption in North America.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Anna Lizzul from Bank of America.
Anna Lizzul: I also had a question on the better gross margins which clearly benefited from the lower input costs. I was wondering are you seeing a reversal of that recently with the input costs like the higher oil prices? Just to follow up on Chris' question. And also, if you can elaborate on what drove the better cost savings in FORCE this quarter?
Nelson Urdaneta: Sure. So a few things. As we go through the second half of the year, we still -- as I indicated, to Chris, we still expect to have, based on current assumptions, favorability on commodities heading into Q4 on a net basis. Because remember, through the first half of the year, we were around $190 million negative. We were $75 million favorable in the third quarter and we're calling for the full year an estimate of $50 million of a headwind in net. So we still expect to be favorable in the fourth quarter. Having said that, we're, of course, watchful of what's happening with the oil markets and the implications for resins. They don't immediately impact the resins but we have seen resins begin to plateau at the level of prices. And in fact, I mean, curves are starting to move a little bit upwards and we're watching that. But overall, we still expect commodities to be down over the next quarter-or-so, at least. The other bid in gross margin, as you said, was FORCE. We had a strong delivery of FORCE savings for the quarter. On a year-to-date basis, we're at $275 million and we've actually taken up our call for the year to $300 million to $350 million. So net-net, I mean, we are encouraged by the overall cost savings and our program in FORCE. And in terms of gross margin, keep in mind, it's not linear. We don't expect gross margins to grow linearly quarter after quarter because there are always puts and takes quarter-to-quarter. But having hit the 35.8% mark is an important milestone for us as we look forward to then expand margins down the road.
Michael Hsu: And then, Anna, maybe just an additional comment. I think the maybe underlying your question and Chris before, was, hey, there appears to be some underlying volatility in cost -- input costs and they're likely is. And we've dealt with that significantly over the past several years. I would say, longer term, we believe it's our job to continue to enhance margins, so we would remain disciplined in terms of our revenue management program and capability and also our cost management capability.
Nelson Urdaneta: And again, another item to add, Anna, as you think about the next few quarters is currency. Currency has gotten more volatile. I mean we've seen the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. And as you would have seen in our outlook, we did take up our expected headwinds from currency on our operating profit. And again, we're watching that carefully as we think about 2024.
Anna Lizzul: Great. That's very helpful. And just as a follow-up, you did have the benefit from better-than-expected pricing in the quarter, while volumes were soft. So you did see a nice sequential improvement in the change of volumes from Q2 to Q3? I was wondering how we should think about the sequential improvement potentially from Q3 to Q4 in volumes?
Michael Hsu: Well, we've had, I would say, 4 quarters of successive volume improvement. So I think we were down 7, down 5, down 3, whatever, down 1. And importantly, Personal Care volumes were up this quarter. So I'd say we're making solid progress. We're seeing solid volume momentum. And I think I said in the prepared remarks that we would expect continued improvement. We're not ready to call '24 yet but I think volume -- we cycled most of our big pricing actions from last year. And so we would expect volume trends to continue to improve as we drive our commercial programs and invest behind our brands.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Javier Escalante from Evercore ISI.
Javier Escalante: My question has to do with the pricing side, particularly in North America which is 80% of your profits and it's where we have more visibility on. The pricing seems to be constructive, right, for private label. Promotional levels are below 2019. But we did see a little bit of a pickup on year-end, at least in track channels. So if you can talk about whether what is promotionally -- is it what categories? What's the point? Is it because the some of your categories are coming out of allocation? If you can comment on that? And then I have a more strategic question after that.
Michael Hsu: Yes. Well, I'd say part one, Javier, I think I said this in the past and philosophically, I think we view trade promotion as a path to drive trial, especially of new items. And so that's kind of where it fits in our marketing mix. And so I'm not a fan of using promotion to rent or borrow share for a period of time. And so I think any data that you might say -- I'd say, we are promoting still below, as you point out, 2019 levels. But I think we have participated in some promotions. I did see your note and I would say one thing that kind of skews the analysis a little bit is this whole metric the denominator is EQ, right, or equivalent units. And for all the tissue categories, the equivalent unit is 10,000 sheets and for diapers, it's 1,000 diapers. And so when you do it on that basis or on a per piece basis, what happens, especially in our consumer tissue business is Scott 1000 by definition has 1,000 sheets. And so that's about, let's say, between 4x and 6x more than any other brands. And so that tends to skew kind of the measures a little bit makes us look a little bit underpriced when you do it on an EQ basis. But overall, I think we've taken pricing, we've probably moved faster on pricing than other brands. And so I'd say to me, our normal price gaps have begun to normalize.
Javier Escalante: Very helpful on the note. The other is, given the setup, right, do you think that there is the possibility of gross margins going forward to be higher than 2019 given the mix, given the -- if you add volume plus mix, year-over-year you are running flat, do you think that, that is possible that going forward, we're going to be operating at gross margins above 2019 levels or that's structural that cannot happen.
Michael Hsu: I'll start and then I'll let Nelson correct me. But I would say, it's our job. And so from my chair, I would say we have to do it, right? And so -- and the back story -- and I know you came out last year or so, Javier. But when I came into this role, the 3 things that we set out to do was, one, accelerate organic growth; second, reduce our earnings volatility; and the third thing, importantly, is enhance our margins; and so that was a fundamental goal when I came into this role. The kind of the curveball that came in, in between that was COVID, the demand shock, supply shocks and everything else in the inflation shocks. And so over the last couple of years, we said, hey, we've got an interim goal of, one, we got to restore our margins which I think this quarter kind of marks a pretty significant point for us that hey, we are back pre-COVID or 2019 levels. But still, as we talk internally, it's our job to enhance margins from here. And that's what I'm saying is we have to continue to be disciplined around our commercial programming, our innovation our revenue management and also just a discipline on the cost program and I still see further opportunity for us to expand our margins. But maybe I'll give you -- I'll ask Nelson to kind of give you some more specifics around the near term.
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes. So Javier, just to build on what Mike said. I mean -- and we've been talking about this since we had our lowest point in gross margin at 29.8% about 5 quarters ago. And our whole point was that we were going to get back to the 35% which is a milestone and not an end state. And really, what's happened is we've made -- and we've been making and you can see significant investments behind building capabilities in the organization. So we've been building a lot of muscle around revenue growth management and this includes price-back architecture and the ability to have also the right packs and sizes and formats for the different customers that we deal with across the globe. Secondly is around productivity. We've made sure that we strengthen and buttress our overall gross margin productivity pipeline and that remains strong today. And then you can see how we've been delivering that over time and we intend to deliver ongoing productivity, gross productivity as an element to drive that. And then, the other bid is around our innovation. We've increased our focus around innovation; last year, drove 60% of our revenue growth and it's accretive innovation. And if you combine these 3, that's really the way we're staring at expanding margins over time, gross margins. And that's truly what's going to drive balanced and sustainable growth for years to come for us.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Steve Powers from Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: So two questions. The first one, just Nelson, maybe you could expand a bit on the other manufacturing cost inflation and the higher call for the year that you've made today? Just maybe a little bit of further detail as to the drivers there and where we are in that cycle as we look forward?
Nelson Urdaneta: Sure. So as you indicated, we took our call from $200 million to $250 million through the first 3 quarters of the year were close to $200 million, just a tad below. And what's really driving this is a few things. One, keep in mind that a lot of the service inflation and lease inflation, et cetera and some cost inflation flow through this number. And it's being weighed in by some of the hyperinflationary economies that we deal with. So we're being impacted on that end because we've seen some costs accelerate outside of the U.S., Steve. So that's part of what's driving that $250 million based on where we're at, at this stage.
Steve Powers: Okay. And then, Mike, maybe bigger picture, you've been -- you talked about the higher A&P and marketing spending this year. And just in general, there's been a lot of strategic growth initiatives and commercial investments that you've been making. I guess as you think about the aggregate investment that you've made over the last couple of years in that regard, just where do you think you are versus your long-term strategic priorities? And do you see opportunity or need to kind of continue to invest at an accelerated pace as we think about next year, is that -- is it an investment year? Is it a year where you're growing investments more in line with sales? Or are you at a point where you can actually start to leverage and lever from a margin expansion standpoint, some of the investments you've been making over the past couple of years?
Michael Hsu: Yes. Thanks, Steve. One, I'm really pleased with the team. We are delivering what we set out to do which is balanced and sustainable growth. As you could see, the organic momentum remains very strong. The margins are coming along as we mentioned, restored them the pre-COVID levels. And so we feel good about that. I would say we've made a lot of progress in the investment. We've made a lot of progress in building improved capability. We've made a lot of progress in improving our innovation capability and the innovation pipeline. And so I think over the last 5 years, we're probably up a couple of hundred basis points in advertising investment. I think from there, we really need to make that investment. At this point, we're approaching 6% overall sales. And so I would say that's competitive in our business. It's perhaps not as much as our primary global competitor but our plan is not to outspend them. And our plan would be to drive great innovation, great commercial programming and have a competitive spend. And so I don't expect -- Steve, I don't think, I'll go and say, "Hey, we need to continue with increased advertising investment in a straight line infinitely". Do I think there's some opportunity for us to continue to invest? Yes. But do I think we also have to leverage the investments we've already made better? Yes.
Steve Powers: Okay. Yes. No, so I play it back, it sounds like you've -- the catch up that you might have identified 4 or 5 years ago, you feel like you've done and now it's more opportunistic spend where there's a clear ROI but you don't feel a huge need to catch up because you're underspending?
Michael Hsu: Yes. Because 5 years ago, we were spending in the 3s and so that was -- I think I felt like too low for a company of the categories that we operate in. I feel competitive at this point. But we also have great opportunities to spend on and ROIs are great. And so especially as we continue to migrate more and more to digital and so there's going to be plenty of things that we're going to want to invest in.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is coming from Andrea Teixeira from JPMorgan.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Shabana [ph] on for Andrea. I just wanted to ask you, can you please add color on your views regarding carryover pricing into 2024 and how to think about the possibly the need to roll back some of this pricing into 2024, especially with the retailers seeing some commodities coming in better? I mean I understand you just elaborated that pulp is lower but resin may potentially go up, especially with oil coming in higher. If you could just like, in aggregate, give us a little bit more picture?
Michael Hsu: Yes. Maybe I'll start. I would say most of our pricing went in last year and so we did have some pricing this year. So there will be a little carryover. I wouldn't say it's a huge driver of -- will be a huge driver for the plan next year. Given what we just discussed on the cost environment, you can see costs this year are still up after being up significantly in '21 and '22. And so we're not seeing a ton of deflation. While there might be -- we're starting to see some modest tailwinds that may continue for a few quarters. But I'm not seeing, at least in the near term in, a huge inflation. We have rolled back some pricing because it notably in Professional in Europe, we had energy costs that really shot up and then came back down. And so we have adjusted some pricing in some markets and we'll do that where it makes sense. But in general, I think we've priced appropriately for the cost environment that we anticipate and that environment is playing out thus far as we expected.
Operator: That concludes our Q&A session. I will now hand the conference back to Chief Executive Officer, Mike Hsu, for closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Michael Hsu: Okay. Well, as I said, proud of the team that we're successfully developing -- delivering balanced and sustainable growth. Thank you for your interest in Kimberly-Clark and we will see you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect at this time and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone And welcome to the Kimberly-Clark Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are placed on a listen-only mode and we will open the floor for your questions and comments after the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Christina Cheng, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, the floor is yours.
Christina Cheng: Welcome, everyone, to our second quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Before we begin, please note, today's presentation will include forward-looking statements. Our results may vary materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to deviate materially from our expectations. Our remarks today refer to adjusted results, which exclude certain items described in our news release. We use non-GAAP financial measures to help investors understand our ongoing business performance. Please consult our press release for a discussion of our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. We have published supplemental material, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Participating in today's call are Chairman and CEO, Michael Hsu; and our Chief Financial Officer, Nelson Urdaneta. Mike will start the discussion with our strategic priorities and provide an overview of our performance for the quarter. Nelson will provide a detailed discussion on our Q1 results and our outlook before we open the floor for Q&A. With that, I turn the call over to Mike.
Michael Hsu: Thank you, Christina. We delivered another solid quarter with 5% organic growth while cycling 9% growth in the year ago quarter. Organic sales were up across all segments with personal care and consumer tissue each up 4% and professional at 13%. Our growth strategy is working and our performance in the quarter reflects strong execution by our teams around the world. We continue to make strong progress in margin recovery. Adjusted gross margin was up 380 basis points and fueled a 17% increase in adjusted operating profit and a 23% increase in adjusted earnings per share. Given the strength of our first half, we're raising our full year 2023 outlook to 3% to 5% organic growth and 10% to 14% adjusted EPS growth. Our categories remain healthy. In North America, category sales were up 8%. And we continue to see robust growth in key developed markets including the UK and South Korea, which delivered double digit and mid-single digit increases, respectively. While category growth across the NEID. 0:00:25.0,P4 been more variable, we continue to see double digit increases in Latin America. This growth reflects the essential nature of our categories. As category leaders, we've remained focused on serving all our consumers and recognize that many are facing economic challenges. With our broad portfolio, offering value to premium options, we're able to meet consumers where they need us. And we are well positioned with brands like Scott and Huggies Snug & Dry to serve the value oriented consumer. Across markets, we're strengthening our price tag offering. And that means enhancing large count packs and big box channels, and making entry prices more affordable and small format channels. More importantly, we're accelerating innovation and cascading technology through our product offerings to ensure we're delivering a superior value proposition to consumers. Growing market share continues to be a top priority. In the quarter, year-over-year market share performance was soft, reflecting the relatively early actions we took to mitigate inflation. In the last six months, price gaps have begun to normalize and we are encouraged to see sequential improvement in market share in key cohorts including North America, where we've seen improvement in five of eight categories. Volume trends have improved, and we expect that to continue as we cycle inflationary measures and execute our strategy and commercial programs. Our enhanced commercial capabilities are enabling more real time decision making the drive sales, optimize brand investment and balance value and volume. Furthermore, we expect increased brand investment and improved supply fulfillment to strengthen our market share performance over the balance of the year. Our commercial programs and innovation are core to our strategy to elevate and expand our categories. We're pleased with our launches in the first half and enthusiastic about our second half plans. Here are a few highlights. Huggies debut its newest Baby Butts campaign this summer, celebrating Huggies unique curved design, which provides greater comfort and protection for babies on the move. Early results show excellent consumer engagement across our marketing channels. In China, we're raising the bar on skin health through a proprietary design that whisks away the baby's mess. Moving the mess away quickly from baby's skin is key to reducing diaper rash. We believe this kind of innovation will further differentiate us from the competition. And as the reason Huggies continues expand its market leadership in China. Lastly, our Kotex Intimus She Can campaign in Latin America continues to resonate. We were recently recognized with a prestigious Cannes Lion award for this initiative reducing period stigma as part of menstrual education. In China, Kotex introduced Overnight, an overnight pad with a proprietary design that prevents leakage with instant absorb technology. Overall around the world, we are seeing growth driven by the overnight segment. This a great example of superior product performance, coupled with effective brand strategy and communications to drive share gains and strong brand equity. Now I'd like to briefly address the impairment charges to intangible assets we recognize this quarter. We purchased Softex Indonesia to expand our presence in one of the world's fastest growing personal care markets. Indonesia ranks among the top three markets for new birth and we expect continued economic development will create more demand for our products over time. As a second largest diaper player in Indonesia, representing over a quarter of the market, Softex has built a strong equity with local consumers. The impairment charges we took this quarter, which Nelson will discuss shortly reflect our updated projections for the business. We have enhanced the team and taken actions to improve the business processes and our go-to-market approach. Indonesia remains an exciting growth market for Kimberly-Clark, and we're committed to this business for the long term. Now as we enter the back half, we expect continued progress in our journey to restore and eventually expand our margins. We're excited about our innovation and commercial plans and will invest more and more brands to improve our market share performance and growth trajectory. This is how we will elevate and expand our categories to deliver balanced and sustainable growth. Now I'll turn it over Nelson for more details on the second quarter.
Nelson Urdaneta: Thanks Mike. Before I get into second quarter results, let me take a moment to discuss the divestiture of our Brazil tissue business and the impairment of intangible assets this quarter. We closed the sale of our Brazil tissue business in June, which enables us to focus even more on growth and personal care. As a result of this transaction, we recorded a pretax gain of $74 million and $30 million of related expenses, both of which are excluded from our adjusted results this quarter. I want to thank the many KC-iers who worked hard to complete this transaction. In addition, we conducted strategic reviews forecasting and integration assessments as part of our business planning cycle. Based on updated financial projections, a pretax noncash impairment charge of $658 million was recorded, primarily related to intangible assets linked to the Softex acquisition. The charges reflect revise projections for certain brands, due to modified consumer shopping behavior, post COVID-19, inflationary pressures and increased competitive activity in the region. We are confident in the prospects of the personal care market in Indonesia, and we are committed to continue investing in this business. Let me now turn to our second quarter results. Net sales were $5.1 billion, up 1%. year-over-year, organic sales increased 5%. On a two year basis, organic sales growth was strong across all three segments, with approximately 7% average growth for the company. Effective revenue growth management delivered favorable price realization and mix benefits. While volume trends continue to improve sequentially. Net sales in the quarter were impacted by approximately 400 basis points of currency headwinds. Turning to our segments. Personal care representing approximately half of the company's revenue, grew 4% organically led by mid-teens growth in feminine care and mid-single digit growth in adult care. Infant care delivered broad based growth in the quarter with a majority of region's growing mid-single digits. Operating profit for this segment improved 1%. Organic growth in consumer tissue was 4% led by a 7% growth in North America, where volumes have turned positive, up low single digits in the quarter driven by Viva and Cottonelle. Operating profit for the segment was up 12%. Finally, our KC Professional business boasted a 13% organic growth, all geographies grew and notably, volumes turned positive in North America after six quarters of decline. Our focus on key commercial sectors, effective digital engagement and innovations in sustainability are fueling the momentum in KC Professional. Favorable product mix and cost savings drove significant operating profit improvement in the quarter. Earnings for the rest of the D&E, second quarter adjusted gross margin increased 380 basis points to 34%. Revenue growth management in addition to FORCE savings of approximately $80 million more than offset cost inflation and currency headwinds. Cost environment remains mixed. Although, energy prices have moderated in some market, they remain elevated in others. Labor costs are structurally higher now due to cost of living adjustments and a tight job market in certain key geographies. In addition, auto manufacturing costs, which cover labor were $85 million higher this quarter in line with our expectations. Between the lines spending on an adjusted basis was 19.8% of net sales, up 190 basis points versus year ago. Driven by continued investments behind our brands and our capabilities as well as the impact from inflation on our cost base. Adjusted operating profit for the quarter increased 17% and operating margin improved by 190 basis points to 14.2%. Foreign currency was a 16 percentage point headwind on operating profit in the quarter of which five points were due to translation of earnings from our non-US Operations The balance was largely from transactional impacts. We have made good progress on our margin recovery over the last few quarters, and we remain committed to restoring them to pre-pandemic levels and expanding them over time. To achieve this, we are increasing our focus on productivity by building a long-term pipeline of opportunities that can generate significant end-to-end efficiencies. Lastly, the adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 20.5%, compared to 22% in the year ago period. Strong overall performance, along with a lower tax rate resulted in adjusted earnings increasing by 23% to $1.65 per share. With the first half of the year, we generated $1.4 billion in cash flow from operations. Capital spending was $389 million, compared to $470 million last year. Year-to-ate, we returned $850 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Now let me say a few words about our outlook. With our continued momentum this quarter, we are raising our full year guidance for organic growth of 3% to 5% and adjusted EPS growth of 10% to 14%. As a reminder, our previous guidance was 2% to 4% organic growth, and 6% to 10% adjusted EPS growth. The Brazil divestiture which was not reflected in our previous outlook is expected to impact reported sales growth by approximately 100 basis points. We continue to expect currency to impact full year top line growth by approximately 200 basis points. Based on the latest estimates for the year, we now expect input costs to be a headwind of approximately $100 million, an improvement versus the midpoint of our prior outlook of $100 million to $200 million. In addition, we continue to project approximately $200 million from higher wages and other manufacturing costs. Continued progress and gross margin recovery puts us in a great position to advance our commercial programs. We expect advertising spend to increase by approximately 100 basis points for the full year. This brings us to a projected operating profit growth in the low double digit range, and an operating margin increase of approximately 150 basis points at the midpoint of our guidance range. We remain optimistic about the future and our ability to create long-term value for our stakeholders. We are also very proud of how our teams continue to execute our exciting growth agenda across the globe. With that, we will open the floor to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is coming from Lauren Lieberman from Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Good morning. Hey, I wanted to just ask a bit about divisional margins. One thing that jumped out to me in the quarter was actually the margins in consumer tissue decelerated sequentially, they were down sequentially. And then also were up less than a year-over-year basis. So was just curious kind of what's driving that, right. As you mentioned, there was some better volume performance in North America, the pricing is coming through, costs are easing. So just some conversation around consumer tissue margins and the path to recovery would be really helpful. Thanks.
Michael Hsu: Yes, no, absolutely. So a few things. I mean, we don't speak about gross margin. But just to give you a context, Lauren, year-over-year, we did have a meaningful gain in gross margins on the segment, over 200 basis points. We on a quarter-over-quarter, you're always going to see a few puts and takes depending on mix and elements that flow through. But net-net, I mean, we are seeing an upward trend, so I wouldn't get too hung up on the overall movement quarter-to-quarter for the segment. Because overall, we are seeing an upward trend and recovery on the margins.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, crystal, yes, okay, fine. Can I read into that though, when you think about reinvestment in the business and in other particular areas. I know you've talked a lot about innovation and potential for elevate and expand to apply in tissue as well as some of that exceeding these investments, or is it really just a matter of timing and mix?
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes, it's a few things. I mean, one, obviously, we in North America have been doing the transition to the new artwork, and some of the upgrades that we're doing in Cottonelle. So we're a part of the thing has been, our transition on shelf is taking a little bit longer than what we had planned. So that's playing a little bit in the mix. But overall, I mean, that's progressing. And in terms of the elevate, we're also having initiatives in the UK in Andrex where we're doing some upgrades on the product line. And that's coming through. So that's progressing on that end. But Mike, I don't know if you want to add anything else on that end?
Michael Hsu: Yes, Lauren. Yes, I mean, I think when we talk about elevating, that holds for all our businesses around the world, and certainly consumer tissue, personal care, professional, we're happy to invest in all those. And it's paying out as Nelson just mentioned, in the UK, organic growth was up double digits, share continues to be strong and robust on Andrex. And part of that is because along with some pricing, we have upgraded the quality over the last couple of years. And so we feel good about that, where we stand there. And really proud if you look at year-on-year, I think our between the lines investment we mentioned was up about 190 basis points over the prior year. And that reflects our commitment to the brands and our belief that we got great commercial programming to invest behind.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, great, because the genesis of I guess the question also is actually like one topic that we've been getting a lot of questions of late is around pricing pressure in consumer tissues, some of the discussion, particularly in Europe and UK from retailers pushing back on pricing, or looking to roll back in consumer tissue. And we feel that a lot of questions about, a, if that would be an issue for Kimberly-Clark Clark and b, in specific to Europe and the risk of that dynamic materializing in the US. So just maybe you can add perspective there as well, I think you've said a lot in terms of reinvestment and share momentum, but any perspective on pressure to quote, give back pricing in that category in US and Europe would be helpful.
Michael Hsu: Yes, I'd say overall, Lauren, pricing initiatives, our net revenue management initiatives are on track, generally, across our business, personal care, professional and consumer tissue. We're cognizant of the same discussions and similar pressure, and we will see maybe a little bit more promotional activity than we've seen in the past prior, maybe in the prior six months. But I think thus far, it's, we're not, it's not showing up in the results, or dramatically impacting our results. For the quarter, we had a very solid quarter across Western Europe. Demand was up about double digits, our organic was up about double digits, volume hanging in there pretty well. And so we feel good about where we are, but also recognize that yes, it's going to be a competitive environment. And we have to be prepared for that. The great thing is as you've heard us talk about, we've invested in enhancing our revenue growth management analytic capability. And so we feel like, we'll be able to make the right investments at the right time. That will be wise and not just overreact to things.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Javier Escalante from Evercore.
Javier Escalante: Hey, good morning, guys. I do would like to understand a little bit better. I think that you call between the line expanding the SG&A line which you do not break out. So if you can explain to us how much is this labor inflation versus more kind of like proactively investing in enhancing the products and the capabilities? And related to that and follow up to Lauren's question. You just did a strategic review and essentially exited Brazil, low down Indonesia. What is if you step back the main difference between Kimberly-Clark and Procter is, is that this international tissue business? Could you explain the role of the internet international tissue business and whether the margin profile is materially lower to the consumer tissue in the US. Thank you very much.
Michael Hsu: Yes, maybe that's, I do want to us start with between the lines and how you're just so between the lines are big bucket for us, so it includes both the advertising and as you point out some of our general administrative costs, and so maybe Nelson comment?
Nelson Urdaneta: Sure. So yes, so to give you a sense, I mean, of the increase that we're seeing in between the lines, about half of that would be on support behind the brands, the advertising and promotional activities. And it's largely advertising, because of all the products that we've been not just launching, but upgrading and some of the campaigns that are underway. The other half really relates to a couple of things. One, we've been increasing investments behind certain capabilities. And that continues revenue growth management, our digital agenda, which includes upgrades that we're doing to some of our systems, including the migration to S4 HANA, and some of the other capabilities that we're laying on a multiyear basis across the enterprise. And then last but not least, is labor inflation, which, again, hits on the overheads and some of the compensation increases, but really impact us in April, it's starting in the second quarter, so that because of the timing of our merit increase.
Michael Hsu: Okay, and then maybe on the consumer tissue, or maybe it's a portfolio question, Javier, I'd say, hey, we love all our businesses, and the segments that we operate in. Certainly and as we talk about elevate and expand, we're elevating and expanding all those categories. And so we remain committed to that. That said, we are cognizant that performance of some businesses especially in consumer tissue is a little bit more variable. And so I think we've been on the record in the past, our consumer tissue in the North America is a little bit more profitable, and some our international businesses, but we have very strong profitable international businesses as well. And so the decision around exiting Brazil tissue, I think, is specific to the conditions in Brazil, what I've said in the past around portfolio is, hey, we're going to look to add businesses most more, with a greater focus on personal care, I would say, internationally, where there's a lot of growth opportunity. Indonesia is one great example where while we just reduced our medium term expectations for that business with the impairment, we still see a very long and bright future in that country for us. And we remain committed to Indonesia for long term because at some point, it's going to be in the top three of the largest type of markets in the world, and it's probably around the corner for us. And so we remain excited about that. But that said, there are other markets that are more structurally challenged. And so Brazil tissue was one of those. And that was driven by, we would say, some policies that encouraged capital investment into tissue making. And so there was a lot of capacity coming in, and we felt like the Neve business and brand would have been in better hands with Suzano, than with us. And so we made that transaction. So I think our, we're looking at, we love all the sectors that we're in, but we're going to make decisions based on local market conditions and make sure our brands can be competitive for the long term.
Javier Escalante: So then, as a follow up, this is very interesting, but as a follow up, so we think that in countries where you have very large personal care businesses, and some sort of ancillary tissue businesses like Brazil, for example, that you may continue divesting, things like that, say it China or whatever, where you do have enough critical mass to run that business independently and do not need to have attach a low margin tissue business.
Michael Hsu: Yes, I guess it's always possible, Javier, I wouldn't overread into it. I mean we're comfortable with our businesses and how they're performing where they are. But that said, I think if I would probably say we're going to stay close to local market conditions and make sure it's something I've talked about internally with our management, which is businesses need to perform for us. And so while we love all our businesses, they do need to perform and performance as part of the game for us. And so that's probably the bigger barometer for us.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo.
Chris Carey: Hey, good morning, everyone. Can you perhaps just frame your expectations for price mix versus volumes for the full year or specifically for the back half of the year? And perhaps just related to that how you might be thinking about the spending to reaccelerate volumes. Mike, I heard you say promotions might take up a little bit. I don't know if that was a comment on any specific region. But some context on how you see volumes trending from here. And the types of actions that you might be taking to drive a little bit better volume performance would be helpful.
Michael Hsu: Okay, Chris, let me start and Nelson maybe give me some more specifics around the volume versus price. But hey, we're pleased with our volume trends. Certainly as just to refresh your memory, Chris, we moved relatively early on pricing, we move pretty quickly. And so a lot of our pricing went in last year maybe in the front half of the year, we should start to cycle the price element of the P&L as we approach the back half. And so what we would expect to see our volume trends improve, and we are encouraged, because we have seen sequential volume improvement overall in the business, and then specifically by sector, kind of as we've gone through the year, and so, we expect to continue to see that. That said, as I said on the call our market shares a little soft, we were up or even in just below 40% of our cohorts, our market category combinations, which is a little less than we would prefer, right, we want to be over 50%. And so one is the big drivers behind that, Chris, I'd say a couple things. One is, we were quick on pricing. And so in the parlance of one of our general managers, we're seeing competition, quote, unquote, scrape us a little bit and that means kind of lagging the price to take advantage perhaps on the share momentum side. And so that's one aspect. The other aspect is we are cycling a host of one offs and supply challenges is also relevant to Lauren's question when she asked about tissue margin, there's a lot of noise in our numbers just because we're now lapping the third order effects of the Texas storm, there's still supply challenges, et cetera. But with that said, there's a bunch of one off thing related to both supply and the cycling that affect the business and then we, to be true we definitely have some competitive issues that are I would say normal across our business. And we'd like to see performance improve in a few markets. And that's why we want to continue to invest. And we're committed to investing more behind our brands, we feel great about the innovation that we have coming, generally globally, and we feel great about our commercial programs, and recognize that there's better opportunities for us to be felt that our investment to support the brands. We are, Chris, I'd say we're not really focused on driving promotion to kind of earn back that share. Maybe we would respond certainly to competitive conditions. But I'm much more focused on earning for the long term. And that means kind of driving consumers, or encouraging consumers to try our products, and then having them stay there because they liked the quality of our products. And so that's really our focus. Nelson, you want to
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes, and then to add some flavor, Chris, on the outlook, and what we've seen, in terms of volume, I mean, at some perspective, I mean, we've seen continued improvement in our volume trends. If you step back Q4 of last year volumes were down 7%, Q1 of this year, volumes were down 5%. Q2, the quarter, we just closed volumes were down 3%. Many of the actions that we have to take to deal with the inflation go back to the first half of last year, the majority of them. So as we step into the third quarter of the year and the fourth quarter, we will begin lapping some of them, and what we would expect that this point of we're projecting is the volumes to continue to improve on a sequential basis as the year progresses. And the overall revenue growth management actions should decrease in terms of the impact they're having on the top line growth. We've already seen that from a sequential quarter, Q1 to Q2, that came down. And then mix, we've been doing about a point, I would expect that to be the same as we progress.
Chris Carey: That's really helpful perspective. Just one follow up from input inflation perspective. Can you talk about what specifically improved relative to your prior expectations? And if you have any comments on phasing clearly, we're getting into it seems a bit deflationary into the back half is that Q3 and Q4, is that all head to Q4, or any context on the phasing would also be helpful. So thanks so much.
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes, so just to give you a context, I mean on a, we, the latest guidance that we have on costs on input cost inflation is that it would be at around $100 million. So that's about $50 million better than what we were forecasting back in April, when we last talked. Through the first half, we are at about $190 million negative. So it's an impact. So evidently, what's going to happen is we're seeing about a $90 million give or take benefit, as we go into the balance of the year. We will see some of that coming in Q3. And then the balance, obviously, in Q4, what we're seeing is versus our prior outlook, the overall fibre complex has gotten a little bit better, and distribution costs have gotten a little bit better. I will, however, just highlight that on a year-over-year basis, we're still seeing pulp and the overall fiber complex inflationary for us. Even though if you take it as a whole, the latest outlooks have fiber being year on year down in the mid-teens, if you aggregate everything. So net-net that's come down distribution is about flat now year-over-year for us. And then the only big cost bucket that's down significantly continues to be the resin complex, which again, that's down overall for the quarter 50%. So we're projecting about 40% down.
Michael Hsu: Yes, I mean, Chris, the headline for me is the cost environment for us, has stabilized and that's really, really good news for us after cycling, I mean, 2021 and 2022, where we had record inflation for us while it's still modestly inflationary, we can operate very well in a stable cost environment. And so we're seeing both input costs stabilized and also the supply environment while we still have some sporadic outages in supply it's much improved. And so we're bullish on the road ahead for us on the cost environment.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Dara Mohsenian from Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, good morning. So, I just wanted to return to share for a bit I mean, your comments seemed more glass half full here in terms of sequential improvement in share. But if we look specifically at US scanner data, some fairly pronounced year-over-year share losses in Q2 in consumer tissue and diapers. So we're just hoping you can put the US scanner data in context. And then second, plans to drive improve share trends going forward. Sounds like perhaps there might be a bit more promotion, but not necessarily big focus innovation ramps up is that sort of the plans to drive improved share from here? Or how do you think about the share trends in the back half of the years, specifically in the US?
Michael Hsu: Yes, Dara, yes, definitely, I believe the shares will improve. We feel very confident in our programming and our innovation that's coming. And year-to-date, we feel really good about what that's done in the marketplace. I would say, the recent softness is, as I mentioned earlier, Dara, primarily related to the relatively faster pace of our price advances last year. And so that kind of really is the primary effect. But I would also say, in North America, specifically we are facing a fairly tough comp, just to refresh your memory, I think personal care, in personal care we were up 14%, in the year ago quarter, and across both personal care and tissue market shares were a bit elevated, that was an artifact. And I think we've talked about this time a year ago, which was, we're out of, our supply was tight in the first and second quarter of 2021. And so we had the kind of restock impact and the kind of reselling impact in the year ago quarter, and we're cycling that now. So we did see our shares were higher in the year ago quarter higher than they historically were. And I think that was related to the, I would say coming back into business in Q2 of 2022. But that said, we're not satisfied with our share performance. And definitely want to be up or even in over half. And so we are committed, we feel very good about our programming, especially in North America, I mentioned our Baby Butts advertising in our product improvements in North America on Huggies, and so we feel good about where we are, and we're going to continue to invest in the brands and make sure that we continue to touch base by consumers and encourage them to try our products and return.
Dara Mohsenian: Okay, great. And then on the innovation front, you sound excited there, any thoughts on if the contribution to sales growth should pick up significantly on innovation, as we look out over the next couple years versus the last couple years? Any conceptual thoughts there will be helpful.
Michael Hsu: Well, just to point out, Dara, I think I don't have the numbers for this year yet. The last year, our contribution to sales from innovation was probably among the highest in the industry. And so we do track, we do have a couple internal metrics around, net incrementality. And then percent of sales related to the innovation. And so we felt very strong last year. And so we felt good about that. But that said some of the things that I just showed on the slides in our presentation this morning, we feel good about really good about the technology, and the product innovation on the premium side that we're having in diapers, especially in China. In China, organic was up nearly double digit against the backdrop where the category is declining double digit, and so, and we've doubled our super premium mix over the last year or so. And then as I mentioned, on the slides, we've launched two really exciting products over Cottonelle six funnel that features really a two zone liner, that one that handles the urine, and one that handles the solid waste, right as a as I like to say poop, and then we have something that we're calling oxygen bar pro, which is really, really high breathability diaper, which moms in China really love and so we feel good about that. And we're bringing technologies like those around the world.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Nik Modi from RBC Capital Markets.
Nik Modi: Hi, how are you? Mike, I wanted to just kind of stick on the innovation topic. I mean, I think the messaging for me has been very clear in terms of how active you're going to be later this year, probably even going into 2024. But one of the common pieces of feedback I get from the retail community is that everyone is really going to be very, very active innovation, because there was a lot of products that was not launched during the COVID timeframe. So I just wanted to kind of get your reaction to that. And thoughts on that and could we potentially see maybe some unexpected levels of spending just because you're going to have to compete with so many other active innovation pipeline and shelf space is finite? Thanks.
Michael Hsu: Yes, I mean, Nik, we feel good about our investment levels. I mean, they have ramped up significantly over the last five years. And again, as I just mentioned we're up about 190 basis points year-to-date, between the lines of which Nelson you said about half is on the advertising side. And you really the model is we're investing in the advertising, primarily to support the innovation. And so we feel very good about our programming. And as I've said, on prior calls, and Alison, our Chief Growth Officer has said at CAGNY presentations what we're really focused on kind of big unmet needs, or internally, we'll call those demand spaces where we feel like, hey, there's important things that the consumers are looking for out of the category in a category like diapers, or adult care that may be around absorption or protection. I mentioned skin health earlier, which is something that hasn't been a big part of this category, where we think, is a very important part of the category, particularly as it relates to solid waste. And then comfort, fit, breathability are all big factors. And so those are kind of big areas for us to get better in where I feel like the categories can do a much better job over time. So and we shared a lot of our thinking around innovation with our customers over the long term, and they remain very excited. And we're receiving very strong customer support for innovation. So I think your point, yes, is there going to be more innovation from other manufacturers and across the category? Yes. But our focus is on driving the big innovations that we have, and making sure that we invest materially behind those to make sure that we can drive the conversion in the minds of the consumer.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Anna Lizzul with Bank of America.
Anna Lizzul: Good morning. Thank you for the question. Just as a follow up to Chris' question, I wanted to ask on how you're viewing the health of the consumer. You've mentioned a bit of bifurcation this year between the low and higher income consumers on their ability to absorb price. And then the latest scanner data from this morning it implies, some volumes are continuing to decelerate while you're getting on price. So as a result, I was wondering if we should expect softer volumes to continue in Q3 offset by better pricing, and just how you're seeing these trends play out where the second half of the year between Q3 and Q4?
Michael Hsu: Yes, Anna, I would say consumer demand remains resilient. Our categories thus far remain healthy and demand has been robust, just pick up a few numbers, I mean, North American consumer across our categories, is not just the categories of high single digit. Western Europe, which is a big developed market for us, teens in Latin America, double digits, KC Professional globally was up double digits. And so, I would say the category overall demand remains pretty robust. Are we aware of concerns around the corner regarding related to the economy and economic pressures, for sure. And we talk about that all the time, thus far it has not materialized. In the second quarter, the elasticity impact has remained muted, somewhat muted. Just to give you an example, on diapers in the category for the quarter price was up six, and volume was up one, so that would probably say the elasticity impact has not been as we typically model. And so I I'd say on that side it does reflect the essential nature of our categories. So, our volume trends as we kind of cycle our pricing from year ago we expect our volume trends to continue to improve and we think should improve in the back half, in addition, driven by the commercial programming innovation that we've been talking about. And so I think overall I'd say healthy, not seeing a whole lot of broad scale down tearing. We do see in pockets there is continued demand for premium and big development markets like the US like China, even in Brazil and Argentina, we're seeing actually the premium tiers start to grow and the value tiers contract a little bit. There are some pockets of down tearing. We're seeing that in Southeast Asia, some markets in Latin America, and but we're in to manage through that we're going to continue to sharpen our value propositions. I mean, we're very interested in serving all consumers as category leaders. We feel like we need to serve both in the consumers that are looking for premium products, but also the ones on the value side as well. And so we have a broad portfolio that spans value to premium. And we're doing things like adjusting counts to make sure our large packs remain competitive and affordable. We're sharpening our entry price points and small format stores, to make sure that consumers can afford to be in the category. And then probably most importantly, in my mind is we've talked a lot about innovation. We are doing a better job of accelerating or cascading, that innovation through our tiers from premium to value. And so that's kind of how we will manage through it.
Anna Lizzul: Thank you, that's very helpful. And you also talked a bit about promotion here, I know, you're not necessarily interested in getting back to pre-COVID levels of promotion, investing a little bit more in marketing with your current levels of marketing spend versus peers, potentially spending more, do you feel that your marketing spends here is efficient versus others in the industry?
Michael Hsu: Well, I'll answer the second part first, Anna, we are, I would say we're highly efficient on the marketing side. I mean, we've invested quite a bit over the last several years around revenue management analytics, marketing ROI analytics, and so we maybe to a fault, we're perhaps overly analytical in terms of how we invest. But in general, I feel very good about the returns are getting we're getting, which is why, which is also why it gives us the confidence to invest more. We recognize we're not spending fully at the levels of some of our competitors. But we've made significant progress over the last few years, I think we're up several 100, or a few 100 basis points in advertising spending over the last five years. And so we're, I would say, pleased with that progress, but not satisfied. And part of the whole reason why we're very focused on being disciplined about how we drive both revenue, volume mix, innovation is that we feel like it's important to continue and invest behind these brands. Because that's the way that we can drive category growth and serve our consumers better.
Nelson Urdaneta: And, Anna, another point on the investment, keep in mind that we have three segments, and we don't invest at the same level in each segment. So what we disclose is a total number for the company. So if you take as an example, KC Professional, the level of investment behind KC Professional is not going to be anywhere near what we're doing on personal care. And if you look at consumer tissue, it will vary by market. So we look at that very closely. And as Mike said, we are very focused on return on investment and being efficient on those dollars that we spend per segment.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Andrea Teixeira from JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Good morning. How are you? Just first on the pricing. I have a question for both you Mike and also of clarification for Nelson. So on the pricing side, you're getting obviously strong realization, but lapping the pricing that you mentioned like you're ahead of your competitors. So what are you embedding into the second half? Just to be clear, it seems like the guide you, the new guide at midpoint implies about 3% organic in the second half? So how much you expect and it sounds as if you're expecting an inflection in volumes at some point? I don't, I mean, you said sequentially bad of course, you had negative in the quarter. So just to clarify, what you are expecting for the third quarter and potentially the fourth. And then now so on the gross margin side, the $9 million benefit from prior outlook. My math is like about 45 basis points benefit for the year, your tax benefit from the impairment is another I think $0.05. So how should we be thinking of your EPS guidance raised? These 45 basis points benefits would go in flow through EBIT it seems I think you're flowing the whole portion. So in other words, you're not embedding additional promo pressure or marketing pressure in your Outlook. Thank you.
Michael Hsu: Yes, Andrea. Yes, thanks for the question. I don't know if how well I can answer it all because we I don't think we outlook kind of the components of price mix volume. However, I would say, am I expecting an inflection on volume? For sure. At some point, I don't know when that's going to be but at some point, I want volumes to be positive. And just to give you, refresh your memory pre- COVID, I think for the three years leading up to our -- a lot of our revenue growth was primarily volume driven. And so I do expect us and this is why we're investing in innovation and commercial programs. For the business to grow healthy long term, we need the volumes to be up. And so yes, for sure I'm expecting an inflection end of point.
Andrea Teixeira: During 2023, I'm sorry, to just to make sure.
Michael Hsu: Again, I said our volume trends are improving. I can't give you the inflection point. And I'm not going to forecast or give guidance on an inflection point. However, I would point out the majority of our pricing initiatives were more front end loaded or front half loaded last year, and so we are starting to cycle those. And so I would expect our, the contribution of revenue from price to diminish and hopefully the contribution to revenue from volume and mix to continue to improve.
Nelson Urdaneta: So, I would point you, Andrea, to the following, we've seen sequentially in the last couple of quarters, an improvement of about 200 basis points in volume. So we went from down seven to down five to down three. Now, as Mike said, we're not going to, we don't forecast or disclose the next quarter and break down, et cetera. But clearly, you're seeing that the volumes have been improving sequentially. And that has to do one with the pricing, but also with some of the innovation and the products we have been putting out in the marketplace, and the increased investments behind the brands. So yes, we are expecting volumes to improve continuously. I mean, that's our expectation. We are expecting revenue growth, management realization to be less of a driver. And again, that has played out over the last few quarters. And as I explained earlier, so that's kind of the way to think about it as the year progresses. And yes, we will get back to positive volumes. That's the plan on that end. In terms of the operating profit. Again, I'll try to address the question. So your point around, what are we flowing? How is it going? We've got a few things playing out in terms of operating profit, I mean, one, we have a slightly better performance in the first half. And we're flowing part of that flow because we know that's coming through the actuals. But also, we're having a better outlook on costs. And that's also equating into better performance on the outlook for EBIT, which I believe that's a question you had. For EPS, there are a few puts and takes in the quarter. Yes, tax rate was a bit of a driver, but we're still expecting the tax rate for the year to be in the 23% to 25%. So think of that more as a timing. We're not moving away from the guidance in terms of tax. And then between the lines, there's really not much of a bigger driver apart from that, that I would highlight at this point.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Jason English from Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Hey, good morning, folks. Congrats on a solid first half of the year. A couple of comments so far or answers to the questions that have been posed to around market share have focused on competitors are lagging, your price increases. As you noted, those price increases have been in place for pretty long now, it's not uncommon for competitors to lag pricing by a couple of months, but it's not uncommon to have them lag for a couple of quarters and then follow. So I imagine your assumption, and our assumption should be that they're just not going to fall. And if that's the case, do you accept these market share losses, like you just got to live with them. Or should we expect you to have to close those price gap to try to regain that market share?
Michael Hsu: Yes, couple things, Jason. I think great point, thing I'll say is generally at this point I would say we've seen list prices move but when I say quote unquote, scraping or let your word lagging, I'd say we have seen a little bit higher promotion in some markets, particularly in Latin America, in Brazil, for instance. We've seen continued promotional activity. So I think that has been what we've observed more and more commonly. The list prices had lagged for a period, at this point, I'd say a lot of the brands have had moved as well. And so overall, I'd say the tactic is around the promotional side. And as I've mentioned, Jason, hey, we're going to be smart about it, it's not the way that we think is the valuable way to build the business in these categories. And so but we have invested in our GMK capability, we do know, the analytics, and we can make wise investments around promotion. That the bigger thing is, and I think to your point, yes, I'm not going to live with, we have to grow shares over the long term to sustain the business, just like we have to have volumes up. And so market shares need to grow. That's why our goal is to be upper even in more than in about half or more. And that's the goal. And so, but that's also why you've heard us talk quite a bit about our innovation and commercial programs. It's why we spent a lot of time with consumers talking about them and spent a lot of time with our customers talking about them, and we feel good about where we are. But I think you're certainly pointing to the one area that I feel like we really need to improve, and we're committed to doing that.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Peter Grom from UBS.
Peter Grom: Thanks operator. Hey, good morning, guys. Hope you're doing well. So I guess I've kind of wanted to get some more color on what's embedded in the outlook from a gross margin perspective. I think previously, the expectation was 230 basis points, you reiterated your outlook for an increase in ad spending of 100 bps this morning. So is the expectation for 250 basis points now? The premise of the question is that, it just seems that that would imply that gross margin improvement, would kind of taper off in the back half of the year, and just given what you're seeing in terms of cost pressures, and productivity, that would seem somewhat conservative. So just, if you could help us understand the outlook for gross margin today, and any phasing in the back half of the year, that would be helpful.
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes, sure. Let me walk a little bit through the outlook and some of the components that we have. And as a reminder, Peter, what I stated at the last call was that our expectation was at least 230 basis points because it was a straight math. Obviously, we've reached a 34% gross margins in the second quarter, we're very pleased with the progress that has been made, as we seek to recover back to the pre-COVID levels of 35% and then expand from there. So we've had two quarters of very strong gains in gross margin. And obviously, as we go into the back half of the year, I'd state two things. One, we do expect the half year-over-year gain in gross margins. We do expect that gross margins, margins as a whole, gross operating profit should expand as in the second half, but not at the pace that we saw in the first half. So as you're thinking about your numbers, that's the way I would think about it. So we would exit the year definitely stronger. The implied number, yes, as you say, would be 250 on the gross margin. But that again, that's at least, that's the way I would characterize that. Because obviously, we've been expanding ahead of that year-to-date. As you think about the balance of the year, I'd also like to highlight a few things on the outlook on costs, we have not changed that the currency impact that we foresee. We only took down costs by about $50 million, we still expect the full year to be around the $300 million to $400 million of inflation in currency. And then in the other costs, we still expect around $200 million. It's been playing out in the first half right around the level we expected. So net-net, good progress on margins. We're pleased with how that's coming along. We expect to continue to make gains, but not at the same pace as what we did in the first half.
Michael Hsu: Yes, maybe, Peter, I'll just add just the outlook as Nelson just teed up really does reflect the strength of our first half and our confidence in our underlying plan. As I mentioned earlier, our categories, thus far remained healthy. And demand has been robust. We've strong innovation and commercial lineup, and we feel great to be investing more than that. The cost environment has been stable. And so while it's still a headwind, I'd say we're seeing glimpses of reversion. And so that's a good thing. But the other part of it, in our outlook embedded in it, and it is we do expect ongoing volatility. And so certainly as you're well aware, there's a lot of economic uncertainty in our major markets, soft versus a hard landing and the implications for consumer spending first and foremost. We're still dealing with a lot of political uncertainty, including the effects of the war. And then as I mentioned earlier, we still have some sporadic supply challenges, while it's much improved versus where it was two years ago. We still have some outages and so there's some inherent volatility, but overall, we feel very good about where the business is and where we're going and feel very good about our outlook.
Peter Grom: Thanks. That's really helpful. I guess maybe one follow up on that. I guess just given you mentioned some reversion in the cost on the horizon. I mean, I guess, based on where things stand today, how should we be thinking about cost pressures looking out to 2024? I mean should we expect that this could remain a tailwind looking ahead. And I guess the bigger question is, how does this really inform your view on when you expect to return to that 35% gross margin target that you've outlined?
Michael Hsu: Well, certainly I'll start with, I don't think I'm going to give you guidance on 24 yet, but I think definitely very pleased with our progress on margin recovery. Certainly, as you saw our gross and operating margins expand, I think we've done a great job with the revenue realization managing the cost environment, and so we feel very good about that. Our goal is to restore our margins to where they were back in 2019, our gross margins. I think we are making that progress, but we are not going to stop there either. So when I got into this role back in 2019, I said at that time one of our goals is to expand our margins over time. And so what we're trying to do, Peter, is one, restore, and then when we get there then we need to expand and there's not two parts of the plan. There's one plan. And so we're going to continue to work that all the levers that we've talked about, both from a revenue management perspective and a cost management perspective, to drive ongoing margin expansion.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our Q&A session. I will now hand the conference back to our hosts for closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Michael Hsu: Okay, thank you all for joining us for the call today. We look forward to seeing you in Q3, at the end of Q3. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect at this time. And have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Kimberly-Clark First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode and we will open the floor for your questions and comments after the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Christina Cheng. Ma'am, the floor is yours.
Christina Cheng: Welcome, everyone, to our first quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Before we begin, please note, today's presentation will include forward-looking statements. Our actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to deviate materially from our expectations. Our remarks today refer to adjusted results, which exclude certain items described in our news release. We use non-GAAP financial measures to help investors understand our ongoing business performance. Please consult our press release for a discussion of our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. We have published supplemental material, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Participating in today's call are Chairman and CEO, Michael Hsu; and our Chief Financial Officer, Nelson Urdaneta. Mike will start the discussion with our strategic priorities and provide an overview of our performance for the quarter. Nelson will provide a detailed discussion of our Q1 results and our outlook before we open the floor for Q&A. With that, I turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Hsu: Thank you, Christina. I'm encouraged by our solid start to the year. We delivered organic growth of 5%, cycling 10% growth in the year-ago quarter. Category growth remain healthy, pricing execution was strong, and costs have begun to stabilize. These primary factors enabled us to continue improving gross margin resulting in a 25% increase in adjusted operating profit and a 24% increase in adjusted earnings per share. Given our Q1 performance and increasing confidence in our underlying operating plan assumptions, we're raising our 2023 EPS outlook to 6% to 10% growth. Margin recovery continues to be a top priority, and I'm pleased with the strong progress we're making. This quarter we expanded gross margin by 340 basis points versus year ago building on our momentum from the second half of 2022. While we are encouraged with our progress, we're still operating in a challenging environment, input costs have stabilized, but continue to trade well-above 2019 levels. With adjusted gross margins nearly 200 basis points below pre-pandemic levels, we'll continue to operate the cost and financial discipline. We're leaning harder into productivity and taking aggressive action to secure supply to better meet the needs of our customers. We remain committed to returning our margins to historic levels, and eventually expanding from there. We've taken a thoughtful and holistic approach to mitigating inflationary pressures, carefully balancing price realization with our focus on offering a superior value proposition. This is to enable us to meet our enduring goal of growing market share. In Q1, we continue to gain or hold share in approximately 50% of our Personal Care cohorts. We've invested in building strong revenue growth management capability and that has been critical to our agile and effective price deployment globally. Category growth has remained healthy and broad-based as the elasticity impact on volume continues to be somewhat muted. This reflects the essential nature of the categories we read. While our categories continue to grow, we see bifurcation in consumer demand. We've observed resilience and higher-income developed markets like the U.S., but also increasing demand for value in lower-income geographies, especially within D&E markets. We're meeting our consumers where they need us. As category leaders, we have a broad offering that spans value to premium. While we're continuing to see momentum in the premium tiers of our business, we're accommodating tighter budgets and more rapidly cascading innovation and product features through our portfolio, including our value offerings. Our brands offer excellent value. For parents economizing through usage, superior products like GoodNites XL overnight diapers enable their children to get a better night sleep with 35% less leaks. GoodNites serves an important need and we're stepping up our brand communications with breakthrough campaigns that highlight the superior performance and value of our offering. Advantage product technologies are key to our brand value propositions and over the past few years concerted investment in innovation has resulted in an exciting pipeline that will help us elevate and expand our categories. I'll highlight a few that you'll see later this quarter. We're refreshing Cottonelle Ultra Comfort and Ultra Clean in North America, behind a powerful insight. Half of the users in the category are dissatisfied with their existing "Soft & Strong bath tissue". We're focused on delivering a superior clean and we'll launch this initiative with some fairly provocative advertising that highlights down their care and we're talking about the real down -- their issues that we all face. Our suite of products will help address these unmet needs. In China, we're launching Kotex POLAR NIGHT, our best-ever overnight feminine pads. POLAR NIGHT offer superior protection from back leaks, one of the biggest issues for overnight users. Internationally, KC Professional is debuting our new icon collection, our most advanced towel dispensing system. ICON has fully customizable panels and ultra-high reliability enabling end-users to be more productive with labor and waste. ICON has been a hit in North America and we are excited to roll it around the world. We have more innovations to launch later this year, including exciting news on Huggies. Our teams are working hard on the innovation pipeline, we're confident we'll bring more value to our consumers while elevating our categories, and expanding our markets. In closing, we are encouraged by our strong start to the year and our momentum on the top and bottom line. We serve essential categories and demand for our brands remains healthy. We have a long runway of growth ahead of us and we're committed to delivering balanced and sustainable growth to create long-term value for all of our stakeholders. So now, I will turn it over to Nelson.
Nelson Urdaneta: Thanks, Mike. I'm pleased to report a solid start to the year. First quarter net sales were $5.2 billion up 2% year-over-year. Organic sales increased 5% compared to last year's 10% increase. On a two-year basis, organic sales growth was consistent across all three segments, with approximately 8% average growth for the company. Strong revenue growth management delivered favorable price and mix benefits with a better-than-expected elasticity impact on volume. Organic growth for our Personal Care business, representing approximately half of the company's revenue grew 3% with a healthy contribution from price and mix and healthy underlying consumption. Growth was negatively impacted by approximately one percentage point by the exit of a private-label contract in North America. All Personal Care major geographies contributed to organic growth. After lapping a particularly strong Q1 last year, with North America setting a new quarterly sales record. Feminine care and adult care grew at healthy rates, and we continue to focus on the tremendous growth opportunities created by the aging population and ongoing innovation in women's health. In baby and child care, gains from product innovation moderated the impact of lower birth rates in China and South Korea. Operating profit for the segment improved 3% in the first quarter. We are confident in our strategy to address significant unmet needs, we'll continue to unlock a long runway of growth for our Personal Care business. Organic growth in Consumer Tissue was 7%, with broad-based growth across all geographies. We continue to improve the profitability of our Tissue business with operating profit for the segment up 40% for the quarter. Finally, our KC-Professional business posted 11% organic growth. All geographies grew, with North America and developed markets, delivering double-digit organic growth. Although volume remains below pre-pandemic levels, we remain focused on opportunities where we can deliver value and growth. Operating profit for our Professional segment grew 77% in the first quarter of the year. And we are continuing to make investments in the business to drive long-term sustainable growth. First quarter gross margin increased 340 basis points to 33.2%. Pricing, in addition to FORCE savings of approximately $105 million more than offset the impact of input costs of approximately $160 million, which represented a roughly 300 basis point impact this quarter. Between the lines spending on an adjusted basis was 18.1% of net sales, up 60 basis points versus year-ago, driven by higher investments in our business. Adjusted operating profit for the quarter increased 25% and operating margin was 15.1%, an increase of 280 basis points versus last year's adjusted operating margin. Foreign currency was a 12 percentage point headwind on operating profit in the quarter of which five percentage points was due to the impact of translating our foreign subsidiary earnings into U.S. dollars, and the balance impacting input costs. We have made good progress on our margin recovery over the last few quarters. However, our gross margins are, still approximately 200 basis points below pre-pandemic levels. We remain committed, to restoring and expanding our margins over time. The effective tax rate was 24.5%, compared to an adjusted effective tax rate of 21% in the year ago period. Better than expected top-line and margin performance resulted in earnings per share of $1.67 up 24%, versus adjusted results last year. This quarter also resulted in strong cash generation. Cash provided by operations was approximately $600 million driven by our healthy increase in operating profit and management of working capital. Capital spending was $201 million compared to $253 million last year. During the first quarter, we returned $425 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Now, let me say a few words about our outlook. We are raising our full year earnings guidance to reflect our Q1 performance and the moderation of commodity headwinds, increasing it to a range of 6% to 10% growth, from our prior guidance of 2% to 6% growth. We've maintained a full year outlook for organic growth of 2% to 4% as we lap last year's pricing actions against a softer economic backdrop. We are committed to investing behind our brands and people, and we'll methodically assess incremental opportunities to drive near-term returns. As we scaled recent innovations to more markets and advance our commercial capabilities, we expect to step up brand investments in the second quarter and the rest of the year, as we said last quarter. We are optimistic about bringing superior value propositions that will increase household penetration and market share over time. With the success from our innovation pipeline and brand investments, we have increased confidence in our ability to deliver in the top half of our guidance range for organic growth. Our input costs, assumptions for the year have improved, but remain a headwind of $100 million to $200 million. In addition to the $200 million headwind from higher wages and other manufacturing costs as stated last quarter. Most of the, impact of input costs, have been realized in the first quarter. And we expect headwinds to dissipate throughout the year. Bear in mind that, the outlook for commodities remains mixed, and cost levels continue to hover significantly above 2019 levels. Our revised input costs assumptions take into account benefits from lower transportation and energy costs. However, beyond these, we have not seen material changes in other commodities versus our prior outlook and markets remain volatile. For example, oil prices have reversed the downward trend with the recent round of supply cuts. And supply restrictions have contributed to higher prices and other raw materials. Global logistics are improving. However, the labor market remains tight. Certainly, we hope to see commodity abatement in the future. But we cannot count on it to recover the significant impact of inflation in the last three years. We are going to focus on what we can control, which is continuing to offer consumers, superior products, maintain our focus on revenue growth initiatives, accretive innovation, and sustained productivity delivery. We are raising our outlook for operating profit growth to a low double-digit percent range and for operating margin to increase by approximately 130 basis points at the midpoint of our guidance. Currency is expected to impact operating profit by $300 million to $400 million, the majority of which will impact our costs. Based on these assumptions, we have increased our outlook for earnings per share growth to a range of 6% to 10%. While we do not provide quarterly guidance, let me remind you that we are lapping tough sales comparisons and expect to have continued currency headwinds in the second quarter. As Mike said, we have a full slate of commercial programs coming off. And our teams are laser-focused on executing with excellence. I am proud of our team's execution leading to a strong start to the year, and we are committed to delivering balanced and sustainable growth that will create shareholder value. With that, we will open the floor for questions.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is coming from Chris Carey from Wells Fargo. Your line is live.
Mike Hsu: Good morning, Chris.
Nelson Urdaneta: Hi, Chris.
Chris Carey: Hi, good morning. So, I just wanted to start on the gross margin line clearly your strong expectation this quarter. If anything, the debate will be like you continue to sequentially decline from here as pricing remains strong and commodities continue to deflate. So, I wonder if you have any thoughts on just the sequential cadence of gross margin development here. And perhaps any of the investments into that line item that might be, a bit more atypical relative to what seems a pretty sequential cyclical recovery in your gross margin. I have a follow-up?
Mike Hsu: Okay Chris, I'll start and I'm sure Nelson will want to give you some more color and texture definitely encouraged by - what I would say, it's excellent progress on margin recovery just for reference. I'm really proud of the team, the organization we're accelerating growth and restoring margins, while still investing to drive long-term balanced and sustainable growth. So, that's kind of what our overall play is. But on the margin recovery, yes, in the margin we said on the prepared remarks, gross and operating margins were each up about 300 basis points. We had excellent price execution, and I'd say our pricing has been commensurate with what our expectations for cost net of our ramped-up productivity would deliver. And so I think teams have really done an excellent job around the world there. Input costs, has stabilized and I pick actually for the past two quarters, and this is about the most ability we've seen. I think the call is about the same as it was back in January and so for that, we've had probably seen about 16 weeks of stability, which gives us something good to aim for, and I think the teams have done a great job kind of work in the productivity. We are seeing some green shoots transportation being a current area. But our current view is that the overall cost environment, it's going to be fairly consistent what we said overall. I mean it's going to be about $0.5 billion. We're going to pick up a little bit of favorability we think. I would add though Chris, I definitely see reversion around the corner, the costs were up to now three-point. We expect to be over the last three years, $3.7 billion of inflation. I would expect the history of these categories in - our commodities that we buy it generally comes back out. I don't really see that thus far this year, but we will see maybe some moderation in the second half of this year. But Nelson, you want to give him a little more texture?
Nelson Urdaneta: Sure. Just to build on what Mike was saying, Chris, a few things. So the majority of our cost headwind, and that's just the now $100 million to $200 million, would have hit us in Q1. We don't expect it to be too significant for the balance of the year. In fact, we do expect that to begin subsiding as we go into the back half of the year. And to your question specifically on are we going to see further gross margin gains as the year progresses, the answer is yes. I mean, we expect gross margin to continue to gain as we go through the year. This marks the second quarter in a row that we expand gross margins, and by not an insignificant amount versus the prior year. And as a reminder, the last time that had happened had been eight quarters ago, if you step back in time. So we are very encouraged by the progress made. A couple of things to keep in mind are the fact that we were early in terms of pricing. So we will begin to lap some of the pricing as we go into the second half of the year. Hence, why some of the increases that we've seen in last quarter and this quarter in gross margin in terms of absolutes, we don't expect that to remain. We do expect to exit Q4 at a higher gross margin than what we delivered in Q1. And that really puts us on good track to get back to our pre-pandemic level gross margin of roughly 35% that we saw in 2019. In addition to that, we continue to have a very healthy pipeline of productivity, and the team is focused on managing through all the levers to drive the margin recovery that we've committed to and then start expanding from there.
ChrisCarey: Thank you so much for that perspective. Just one quick follow-up. Your gross margin historically have recovered in quite a linear fashion in the same way that they've actually gone down during times of pressure. Is there any reason why your gross margin should step up kind of each quarter through the year in context of your Q4 exit rate being higher than Q1? And I just wonder if you have that level of sequential gross margin progression. Can you just remind about your overall investment philosophies and your willingness to, or desire, to put more spending back into the system as opposed to letting this flow to the bottom line, that could be for this year or going into next year as well. So thanks so much for that.
Nelson Urdaneta: Sure. So a couple of things. We have seen an acceleration in the last two quarters, and it's been fairly strong. So I don't expect that to sustain because, as I said, two things. One, costs will subside as we go into the second half, but pricing will also subside because we'll lap it. The good news is we do expect to be continuing to gain as the year progresses. So yes, it will continue to be a straight line, but the slope will change, and it will get a little bit more muted, and it's as expected. But going to the investment philosophy, I think it's important to highlight that this quarter, we increased our investment behind the brands and innovation versus prior year, 60 basis points. And as you remember, when we gave the outlook back in January, we said that for the full year, we were expecting at least about 100 basis points of investment. You would have seen in our prepared remarks that we have a very strong pipeline of innovation that's been put into market, and we are supporting it as we speak. And this is really the key. And our philosophy, even with all the headwinds that we were facing last year and the prior year has been that we're in this for the long run. We don't go for the quarter. So we go for the long run, and we've been around for 150 years and counting. And the key has been, we've been very disciplined about investing. We've been disciplined about our costs. But we do expect, Chris, as the year progresses to step up our investments. Hence, why I'm highlighting the fact that we saw 60 basis points of investment increase. But for the full year, we are expecting about 100 basis points when it's all said and done.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Chris, just to tack on, we're continuing to invest in our brands to drive long-term balance and sustainable growth. We're trying to create the proverbial virtuous cycle, right? And so we definitely see that this year, in that opportunity this year. Certainly, I think the good start gives us a little more room and confidence to be able to invest further. And so even beyond kind of what we had thought during the start of the year, I think we would probably look for additional opportunity because, one, we really are excited about our innovation. I highlighted a little bit of that in our prepared remarks when we have great stuff for 2023. I think there's magic coming in poop, and kind of what we can do with poop. I talked about Cottonelle with the superior clean comfort protection on diapers. So we got great news. The other thing that we're really focused on and our retail partners, I think value, is we're really focused on expanding the categories, right? And so driving trial and penetration in these categories through advertising, and that's what some of the investment will be earmarked for. And so -- and we think there's great opportunity to expand penetration, even in the most highly developed category in the world, which is bath tissue, as I highlighted. Because a lot of consumers are still unsatisfied with what the category does. So we feel like we're improving our brand propositions. We have great news. And so putting more money behind the brands, I think, will work very hard for us, and we're excited to do that this year.
ChrisCarey: Okay. All right. Thanks so much.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thank you.
Nelson Urdaneta: Thank you, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Kevin Grundy from Jefferies. Your line is live.
Kevin Grundy: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. And congrats on the strong start to the year. I thought we'd pivot to your organic sales growth guidance. So you decided to maintain it at this juncture of the year. Nelson, you talked about cycling some of the pricing taken, although -- so the guidance does imply a deceleration relative to the strong start to the year, call it, up 1% for the balance at the low end. The high end would imply something closer to 3% to 4% for the balance of the year. Comment maybe just on how you're thinking about the cadence and how that breaks down between price and mix? And then Mike, it would be great to get your updated thoughts on how you view trade-down risk, which we've seen in some of your categories. And what's reflected in your outlook? And then I have a follow-up.
Nelson Urdaneta: So let me start, Kevin, with the organic growth outlook and how we see it evolving in the course of the year. So obviously, we've seen that pricing has continued to be the big driver behind our top line growth over the last three quarters. And in this particular quarter, as we stated, our performance was better than what we had initially projected, and that had to do largely with the category dynamics. Categories were stronger than what we expected, and the impact of elasticities on volume was more muted, frankly, than what we had projected. So that helped. But despite that, pricing continued to be the big driver of top line growth. What we expect to happen as we cycle many of the pricing actions that we took, because remember, we were one -- we led in many of the markets, the pricing actions dating back to Q4 2021. So we will be -- we'll start to lap many of those as we exit Q2. So our expectation as the year progresses is that the volume impacts that we've seen, and we saw 7% in Q4, we saw a 5% drop in Q1, will begin to taper off because the impact of the pricing will go away. But by the same token, as all the carryover pricing is lapped, we will also expect pricing to subside. So it will turn into a more balanced algorithm in terms of top line growth as we progress through the back half of the year. And then yes, we did hold to our guidance of 2% to 4%. We highlighted that we're aiming for the top end of the guidance in light of the performance that we had in Q1. And also, because we're taking into account the stronger category performance that we've seen, given the resilience of our consumers and the innovation that's being put into the marketplace. So overall, we are aiming for that top end of the guidance, as I just stated. And I've just given you a little bit of flavor of how we see the evolution of volume and pricing as the year goes by. But Mike?
Mike Hsu: Yes. And then, Kevin, I'll category -- I'll comment on the categories, and you mentioned the down trading risk. One, I'd say, through the first quarter, the categories remain healthy and the consumer remains resilient. The strong Q1, right, and probably stronger than we had anticipated at the start of the year, really on the back of category health. Just to give you a few numbers, in the North American consumer categories, overall, our categories were up about 9, so high single digit. Western Europe was up teens in consumption. Latin America was up double digits. And KC-Professional organic was up double digits in every market. And so again, I think the categories are performing well. As Nelson mentioned, the volume elasticity impact has been somewhat muted. And here's a few factors, just to give you a flavor for it. In the U.S. diaper this is category numbers, not brand numbers, category, price was up six, volume was down two. In U.S., bath tissue price was up 11 and volume was down one. And in U.S. adult care, price was up seven and volume was up four. So you can see the - I guess, the definition of any  relatively - if elasticity is below one, right? And so these - clearly, at least in the recent period, it's kind of in that range. And I think the notion is, Kevin that overall brand elasticities are higher than category elasticities, but our categories are generally relatively inelastic. And I said this example before. But if - the price goes up on bath tissue, generally doesn't mean you're going to use the bathroom less, right? And so, I think we do operate in essential categories that have less elasticity. There is some down tiering out there, but I'd say it's not broad-based. And if I can use this word appropriately, it's not necessarily monolithic either. We're definitely maintaining momentum in the premium business, in the premium tiers of our business. Especially and that's especially true in developed markets. In China our mix continue to be up high single-digit, and that's all shifting to - internally, we call our premium tiers, Tier 6 and 7. And so that momentum is proceeding. Similarly, in the U.S., we have strong momentum on our premium side. Even in a market like Brazil, the market is actually premiumizing, if you look at the mix and volume. There's more going into premium than there is, and - value is actually declining a little bit. There is - definitely is down tiering and we see that in U.S. I think private label shares were up in, I think, four of the category, which was a tick up from the prior quarter. In markets like Argentina and Peru, which is a big market for us, we are seeing some additional down tiering. So we're sensitive to it. And so for us, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, we're going to meet the consumers where they need us. And we're really focused on improving our value proposition, first by hitting the price points that consumers need us to be at, and that's through price pack changes. But also cascading, our innovation more rapidly through our portfolio, especially into the value tiers. And so, that's kind of where we are. I'll pause there and see if you have any follow-up.
Kevin Grundy: Yes. Mike, a quick follow-up, and I'll try to be brief with this, because that was a lot of fantastic color from you and from Nelson. It's just on trade promotion, right? So the narrative, it's remarkable how quickly it can change. It was sort of drinking out of a fire hose with commodity costs and now things moderate a bit. And the narrative is now a lot more worried about trade down and what's the potential for trade support to ramp significantly? What's the potential for some of the competitive players, maybe who do not play nicely in the sandbox, whether this is in Europe with private label? What are your thoughts around that, that competitive intensity ramps here significantly as commodity costs moderate? And then I'll pass it on? Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Great question you're on it, Kevin. I mean we're seeing that in spots and so in Latin America, we're seeing a little ramp up promotion from both local players, and other multinationals, similarly in parts of Africa, for us and in a few categories in North America. Childcare pull-ups is one. Periodically, there's a secondary or tertiary brands that make a distribution push and we see that from time-to-time. And so, we see a little ramp up promotion from time-to-time. Our thing is we've priced - I mean our margins are not whole yet from pre-pandemic levels. And so, we know what we need to get to. We're prioritizing margin recovery, and we're going to be disciplined about it. And we've priced commensurate to our expectations for both input costs and what our net productivity is going to be. We've got invested a lot, a lot over the last few years in building a great revenue growth management analytic capability. And so, we're going to continue to be really agile and disciplined in our spending. But maybe the color commentary I'll give you and this is philosophical, or my business philosophy is, I'm not a fan of renting share through promotion. I mean we've seen that movie. I've seen that over-and-over in a lot of categories, including in food and everything else. And I've always got out of the renting of share business. And what I mean by that is over-promoting brands to kind of pick up shares. I'd rather earn it through the base business through advertising innovation and making the products better. And so that's kind of what our high road - internally, we call our high road strategy, which is, hey, we want sustainable growth. We're going to earn our share through a better brand value proposition, and we're going to grow category penetration over time. That doesn't get done well through trade promotion. So it will be out there. Obviously, we're going to want to be competitive. But I think for us, I think investing in advertising to grow the category and innovation is our preferred path.
Kevin Grundy: Okay very good. Thanks for all the time, I appreciate it. Good luck.
Mike Hsu: All right thank you.
Nelson Urdaneta: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Andrea Teixeira from JPMorgan. Your line is live.
Mike Hsu: Hi Andrea good morning.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you, good morning everyone. So I just wanted to go back to what you both talked about in terms of pricing, having obviously rolling over or the comparison is getting tougher. But also, as we think about it, we stepped back in cycles, right two things. One is on utilization and consumers having to make tough choices in a number of diaper changes. I'm sure it's not happening as we speak now, but in some countries where, definitely it's not the only performance that drives choice, but also at the end of the day, what they can afford? So the premiumization sometimes also happens when you have to use a better diaper at night, and that's going to be the only change. And number one, so is that something that you're positioning now as we go into rougher times? And then second, when you think about like what happens to private label, which is - which has - so pulp prices obviously declining a bunch. We see local competitors in China obviously not sitting on their hands? When you think about - when you think what's going to happen to the cycle, where some of the private label contracts automatically also passes through the way down, how to think - I'm not saying it's going to happen now, but in six months from now, is that something that you embed in your guidance for margins and so, how to think of that? And in particular, I would say, diapers is not so much of a category, but perhaps even tissue as we go through for this phase. So I was wondering how to think of those?
Mike Hsu: Yes. Okay yes. First of all, I think on the - yes I mean, you're exactly right on the usage front. I mean, we do see in some markets, and I'd say it tends to be more developing in emerging markets where incomes are a little - budgets are a little tighter that you see the trade down. And that's occurred - that occurred starting three years ago, four years ago now with COVID, and we saw that extensively in Latin America where people were stretching out usage. And if they were using, let's say, three diapers a day, they had gone down to two. And so - and in some cases, I think that would explain, to your point exactly, Andrea, we're trading up to a higher quality, maybe higher capacity diaper, we've seen some of that behavior. But I think in Latin America, in particular, we've seen behavior shift. We had seen in the prior two or three years ago, some shift from premium to value. As I mentioned, we're now seeing some shift from value to premium the other way, but we've seen that usage change before. A little less - I think we would observe that behavior a little less in developed markets like the U.S., but it still does occur nonetheless. So that's kind of factored into our approach, and that's why you'll see from us, and I highlighted it in the prepared remarks. I mean we're really going to emphasize our advertising, the value of our products and the performance of our products. And so, we're really - we'll address it that way, and also by cascading better features through our product line. So I think that's - maybe that's the first part. And on the private label front, I think your question is correct. And certainly, as costs come down in the category, we might expect some pricing to come down. We're still working through that. At this point, we're still operating at the peak, even though we have a little bit of relief. We're still operating at the highs and you can look at the forecast. I mean some of our costs have come down a bit, but costs remain still well above billions over what they were two or three years ago. And so, but we will plan for that. Nelson, anything to add?
Nelson Urdaneta: No. I think you've said it all, Mike okay.
Andrea Teixeira: Just as a quick one, Mike, and this is super helpful. When you say it's going to take a while, so we're looking at probably early next year where we might see things kind of leveling off or lapping on an inflation perspective?
Mike Hsu: Well I mean, I would hope that it comes really fast, but it's not in our call right now. And so, we have - in the past, as you covered this category for a while now, and we've seen a more rapid reversion in the past. If you recall, I think 2018, we went to a record high and then on let's say, eucalyptus. And then by 2020, we're down to maybe a 10-year low. And so, it does move around quite a bit. We haven't seen that action yet in a significant way, but I would anticipate it, so right.
Andrea Teixeira: Okay.
Nelson Urdaneta: And just to build on that last point, Andrea. For this year, still taking into account only commodities and ForEx at the midpoint of our guidance, we're talking of another $0.5 billion. So it's not an immaterial amount, albeit if we look at the prior two years, we were talking $3.2 billion. So net-net, based on the outlook for this year, when it's all said and done, we have about $3.7 billion of headwinds that we've had to manage over the last three years when the year is done. So they remain high. Commodities remain elevated. ForEx remains volatile. Again, we're seeing green shoots, but that's the watch out. We still have disruptions in Europe. We still have items that we're maneuvering through, but we are seeing some of the items also improve in things like transportation and energy to some extent. So again, we need to take it in strides in a quarter at a time as we progress.
Andrea Teixeira: Yes. But that $500 million and that's an average, but if you think about like how it's front-loaded, right? So it's the $500 million on average, I'm just making it up numbers. But let's say, it's $1 billion in the first half and then it's plus $500 million in the second half, reversing back. So what I'm saying is that, okay, retailers are smart enough to know because they own the private label and they know their contracts. So they will not immediately have to - that benefit or have to pass through that impact? But what I'm saying is that it will coincide that you're going to lap the pricing and you're going to start to see your inflation going the other way. So you're starting to see deflation, not on an annualized basis, but you're going to see on a quarterly basis. So I think what does that do with your - when you're sitting down in the fall, to talk about pricing into spring of the following - or into the beginning of next year?
Mike Hsu: Yes. I mean I think you're exactly right, and we'll definitely take that into account as we plan. Obviously, I don't want to sit here and telegraph what we plan to do on pricing in the second half of next year.
Andrea Teixeira: Yes, that's fair. All right thank you so much. Appreciate the time.
Mike Hsu: All right thank you, Andrea.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your next question is coming from Jason English from Goldman Sachs. Your line is live.
Mike Hsu: Good morning, Jason.
Nelson Urdaneta: Hi Jason.
Jason English: Hi, good morning folks, thanks for having me in. So perhaps I missed it, which is totally possible, lots of distractions over here. But where are you expecting gross margins to land for the year?
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes, so for gross margins, Jason, at the very least, we're expecting to expand them around 230 basis points year-over-year. Because remember, we're expanding at the midpoint of our guidance, operating margin by 130 basis points. We took that up 50 bps versus our prior outlook. And we are putting in the incremental on 100 bps at least of investments into the brands. So that would put the year-on-year gain in gross margins at about 230 at the bottom.
Jason English: Got it. So that suggests that you've - you're going to go kind of sideways from here. So you've reached another level, but you're plateaued up here at this level with no more sequential progression. What does it take then to like find the next level? You mentioned in your prepared remarks, you're still a couple of hundred bps below where you started. Is that - would we need commodities to come back in? Is that the enabler to get you next leg? And until that happens, sideways is the baseline expectation?
Nelson Urdaneta: That's a good follow up, Jason. So the thing would be - it wouldn't be necessarily sideways. Because as I said, I mean, we do expect to see continued progression in gross margin. I wouldn't call it linear. I don't expect it to be a straight line between now and Q4, because we have a few puts and takes with how commodities and pricing and FORCE will play. But we do expect to exit the year above the average for the full year. Does that help?
Jason English: Yes, or exit the full year at the rate you just delivered in the first quarter. I mean that's what that 230 implies?
Mike Hsu: Well, let me just - I'll give you a little more perspective, Jason, because here's the deal. Look, we updated the outlook - I think it definitely reflects the strength of the first quarter relative to our expectations at the beginning of the year and our growing confidence in our underlying plan assumptions. I think we're off to a good start. And so the unset part of it is, I would say, Nelson and I, we probably had more muted expectations for our first quarter, closer to what you guys were all thinking and so hey, we had a very strong start. As I mentioned, the other underlying category performance has been healthy. The cost environment has been stable. But that said, but I would say also in the first quarter, the shape of the P&L has performed very well. And I'd say the cost - the quarter, I think, exceeding our own internal expectations pretty healthy in a way that I would say the primary drivers were volume, price and cost. So if you take those three factors, those are pretty good quality factors. Could it continue to get better? It could. But I think we've made our call on the outlook and generally it feels a little soon to call - revise our guidance up after the first quarter. But based on the strength of the first quarter, we felt like we should. But is there more room as we go through the year? There could be. But there's also a lot of volatility that remains, which is kind of why we call it the way we've called it. And so what are the down factors on volatility? We're all seeing the same reports about recessionary risk in the second half. We don't exactly know what's going to happen to the cost - input costs and currency. And so, there are a lot of factors on both the plus side and the negative side. And so we're - we feel like this is a good call for now. And we were - I think I will retain the right to change our mind later.
Jason English: Understood makes sense. And I agree with all your comments on the first quarter. Congrats on a strong start and I'll pass it on.
Mike Hsu: Thanks, Jason.
Nelson Urdaneta: Thanks, Jason.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Lauren Lieberman from Barclays. Your line is live.
Mike Hsu: Hi Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: Great thanks. Hi, how are you? I wanted to talk about consumer tissue innovation. I know it's a topic that we've touched on before without going back into the detailed poop conversation?
Mike Hsu: Yes.
Lauren Lieberman: But you guys have talked for a long time about the ability or the intention to elevate the category and bring innovation there, and this seems like the big - the first kind of like, big chunky move in that direction. I was curious your view on kind of category development, right? If I think about it, I would argue that you're probably the only player that's really focusing on innovation and premiumization in the category in this demonstrative way? How are you going to see the category evolving over time, right? Is there a higher margin profiles that's structurally more interesting? Does this kind of raise the innovation game for everyone, more bifurcation between private label and branded? I'm just - yes, curious on views on what your initial research and maybe test markets have shown you, if you've done that on them, and how the category could evolve things with this move on innovation?
Mike Hsu: Yes, I mean Lauren we definitely think it's the right thing to do. I mean, this category is - I mean, we invented the category. Scott Paper invented roll bath tissue over 120 years ago, and it hasn't changed that much fundamentally since then. And we all know the category talks about the attributes of soft and strong and every bath tissue is a version of that. But the reality is as our team has done a harder digging, and the 50% of the consumers are dissatisfied what the products deliver for them. And so we think - the core of the issue is around a better clean. It turns out, and you may not be surprised to know this, but the vast majority of the consumption of bath tissue is female. And just by that, you can see the category doesn't set itself up that way. And so, we definitely think there's a lot of ways to innovate from a product perspective and a communication perspective to deliver better clean. You're going to see some of that in advertising. We have shared some of that with our customers. They're very excited. I think we're just on the - I think, at the beginning stages of this approach. But I think it's the right one for the category. Because it's a huge category, and there's a lot of different ways to build. But I think creating more value added and giving consumers a better way to clean is a good one.
Lauren Lieberman: And then just from a profitability standpoint with this, right? So margins made a big step up this quarter in consumer tissue. But if I think back, the story in this category for KC for a long time has been recognizing the cyclicality of the cost environment that you'll see here. But making the -- raising the bar, right, the highs are higher and so are the lows, right, in terms of margin percentage. But as you push forward on innovation here, I mean, is there a scope for this business to have peak margins that are, I mean, call me crazy, like 19%, 20%? I think prior peak is maybe around 18%. But just not thinking this year, obviously, but over a multiyear horizon, what this means, could mean structurally for profitability in the category.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Well, let me go back broader, Lauren. I mean when I came into this role back in 2019, I think I started off with saying, hey, margin expansion is a goal, right? And so we got pushed back because when I said that, I wasn't anticipating $3.7 billion of additional cost and currency headwinds. But I think the team is doing an excellent job working to offset a lot of that. And I think you saw it this quarter. And -- but right around that '20 -- I'd say, 2017, 2018, 2020 period, our tissue margins in North America did kind of hit those rates. And so our goal right now is to get back into that range. But certainly, with the strategy that I just outlined and with the overall strategy of the company, to elevate our categories and expand our markets, I think the long-term goal remains margin expansion through innovation and building up the categories.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. That's great. Thanks so much.
Mike Hsu: Thanks Lauren.
Nelson Urdaneta: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Javier Escalante from Evercore. Your line is live.
Javier Escalante: Hi, good morning. [indiscernible]. Hello, good morning, guys. Question is, I wonder, perhaps Nelson, if you guys have an estimate on how much pricing have you taken, which is put us kind of like a one-on-one basis relative to the cost that took $3.7 billion in cost. Do you have any estimate how much in the past 18 months, how much pricing you have taken?
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes. Let me -- Javier, that's a great question. And if it helps, build a bridge as to why where we're at right now and the recovery path that we've had on margins. So based on our outlook for this year and the guidance that we're providing, we would have -- we will be pricing -- we will be realizing revenue growth management of around 85% of that $3.7 billion, give or take, just to give you a sense of what we've put in place when this year is done 36 months through. So obviously, that doesn't get you there on a one-to-one basis to recover margins. And that's why our cost-saving initiatives in force come into play in addition to our accretive innovation, which is part of our design to value and the other initiatives that we have in place with the commercial team. But I hope that provides some perspective.
Javier Escalante: Yes, that's absolutely, very helpful. And then I'm going to have a little follow-up. If you look at, kind of data, particularly in U.S. tissue, you see private label and Proctor, your main competitor, realizing more price mix. Is that real pricing? Or it's just basically that because you have the Scott business, you are seeing trade down within your portfolio under for - you are realizing less pricing than what so for your competitors and private label?
Mike Hsu: Well, I think, Javier, I'm not exactly sure, but I suspect what you're also seeing -- you're going to see is also timing of pricing issues. I mean I think Nelson mentioned earlier, we priced relatively fast relative to other manufacturers. And so if you compare on a quarterly basis, I think you're going to see our pricing start to diminish maybe starting next quarter relative to others. But in a lot of categories, we are at least one, and in some cases, like diapers, three quarters ahead of the competition. And so I think if you line it up that way, I think it's a tough -- it's not really an apples-to-apples comparison. On Scott, we have taken significant pricing. A few rounds, including double-digit pricing over the course at the end of 2021, all the way through 2022. And including -- and I think -- well, in the first quarter as well, we took another round of pricing overall. And so I think the pricing has been extensive. I haven't looked at that specific issue, and so we may have to follow back up with you on that one.
Javier Escalante: And I do have a third one, if you don't mind. And it goes back to the Professional business. I saw in the presentation that you said that the business is back to 2019 levels. I believe that probably is sales or price, so pricing -- exactly. So if you can give us similarly, do you have an estimate on a volume basis, how much are you back given all these issues about vacancies and stuff like that? And if the volume is significantly -- still significantly below 2019, does it open opportunities for optimizing the size of that business? And thank you very, very much.
Mike Hsu: Great question. Yes, so revenue is now above pre-pandemic levels, mostly because of pricing volume is still below, I would say, in the '80s, right? As a percentage, if you say, hey, the comparison is versus 2019 levels. A couple of things. One is I don't -- I think I said this in a prior call, I think it was before you started covering this. But I don't expect it to come all the way back because we all can see our own workplaces that the offices are not full. And with work from home, I don't expect that in the near term. Do we expect to get that volume back over time? Yes, in a different way, though. We have to pursue other channels and class of trade to build that business back. But do I expect to get that back over time? Or not even back, to grow our volume from where it is today? Yes. In terms of structural changes, we -- there may be some tweaks for us. But the thing for us is we were using a lot of external capacity to kind of support our business during that period. And so I would say the fixed cost overhang is probably less than you might imagine.
Javier Escalante: Thank you very much.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thank you, Javier.
Nelson Urdaneta: Thanks Javier.
Operator: Thank you. And the last question is coming from Steve Powers from Deutsche Bank. Your line is live.
Mike Hsu: Good morning, Steve.
Nelson Urdaneta: Hi Steve.
Steve Powers: Morning. Thanks, hi. So I might just ask one because we're short on time. But the one I want to ask first, just to clarify. So you talked about a lot of good things that I think we all see as evident in the first quarter, working in your favor and promise boding well for the year. But the guidance raise really only contemplates the $100 million relief in your commodity cost outlook. All the other levers of upside really, implicitly in the guide, are either implied to mean revert lower or, I guess, provide you allowance to invest back against them. I just wanted to play that back and make sure that -- I'm not sure it's the wrong outlook. It seems prudent, but I just wanted to make sure that, that that's sort of the right characterization.
Mike Hsu: Yes, definitely a preference to invest back, especially behind strong commercial programs and stuff that we have for this year, so -- which we're all very excited about. And as I was mentioning to Jason, let's see how it goes in the second quarter and definitely reserve the right to think about it again.
Steve Powers: Yes. Okay. And maybe just real quick, just your perspective on market share, you talked about it earlier. I think it's clear you're prioritizing margin recovery, probably especially so in consumer tissue. You seem pleased overall. I think you mentioned Personal Care shares on a global basis were essentially holding or gaining in about half, half year category country combinations. But we've seen, I guess, softer trends in the track data, which has created some intra-quarter controversies. So just maybe some perspective on that and where you see trends being a bit softer than you'd like or being a bit stronger, just to kind of help round us out relative to the data we all see?
Mike Hsu: You're exactly on the right, a great issue for us to focus on. I mean we're pleased overall with our start. And I'm definitely very pleased with the margin recovery. We're not pleased with our market share performance. And so in Personal Care, we were up an even in about half, a little softer than we would like overall. And then if you say, hey, that was personal care. For the business overall, it was a little bit below that, right? And so we were coming off of 2020 and 2021 where we're up in over two-thirds. And so we kind of get used to that. So we're not that pleased with about half or just slightly under half. And so we know we got to get better. I would say though, Steve, it definitely comes with -- or the share softness definitely comes with moving fast on pricing. And what's happened is we've been -- other manufacturers have lagged significantly our pricing. I was just mentioning to Javier in some categories in North America diapers, for example. We didn't equalize on price until nine months after our price -- our first price move. And so I think there's been that lag effect that some competitors have used that interim period to kind of pick up a little share. That's part one. And then I'd say we're still working through a few hotspots. I mean, not everything is working perfectly within this company. And so we flagged last quarter. Hey, we've got some businesses in Southeast Asia. Certainly, you might understand with Eastern Europe and the ongoing effects of the war, we're still building our business back in Ukraine. And so there has been some softness in some markets. We're on it. But definitely, we earn the game for long-term market share gains, and that's an ongoing goal for us. And while the market share was okay in the quarter, we weren't happy with it.
Steve Powers: Understood. Thank you very much.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thank you all for taking the time to be with us today. Again, we feel very good about our solid start to the year, and we look forward to seeing you in the second quarter.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect at this time, and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience in holding. We now have your presenters in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of this mornings short remarks, we will open the floor for questions. At that time, instructions will be given after the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question. It is now my pleasure to introduce todays first presenter, Christina Cheng.
Christina Cheng: Thanks, Shelby. Hello, and welcome to our 2022 Year End Earnings Conference Call. Joining us today are Mike Hsu, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Nelson Urdaneta, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Ezzell, our VP of Finance. We issued our press release and published supplemental materials that summarized our results and outlook this morning. You can find these resources in the Event page of our Investor Relations website. Before we begin today, a few reminders. Our statements will include forward -- our statements today will include forward-looking statements. Please refer to the latest Form 10-K or 10-Q for the list of factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from expectations. Our remarks will focus on adjusted results, which will exclude certain items described in our Q4 2022 earnings news release. Please consult our press release and public filings for more information about these adjustments and a reconciliation to comparable GAAP financial measures. Mike will provide his perspective of the business, and then we will open the floor for Q&A. With that, let me turn it over to Mike.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thank you, Christina, and welcome to K-C. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. Back when we introduced our strategy in 2019, we could not have imagined the unprecedented challenges we are about to face. Over the past four years, K-Cers did what we do best, provide great care, care that our consumers, our customers, our employees and our communities needed all around the world. At the peak of the pandemic, people counted on our brands to support the health and hygiene of their families, and Im proud of what our teams were able to achieve to fulfill our purpose of Better Care for a Better World. Now as we look back at our results, there are three themes Id like to emphasize. Theme number one, our strategy to accelerate growth is working. Since 2019, weve grown our business by about $1.5 billion in sales and delivered 4% average organic sales growth. In that time, weve accelerated our organic growth by improving our product offering and market positions, with meaningful innovation and world-class commercial execution. In 2022, organic sales increased by 7% and over delivering on our goals at the beginning of the year. This was achieved in what turned out to be a uniquely challenging global environment. 2022 also marked Kimberly-Clarks 150th anniversary, a year in which we celebrated generations of category defining innovation. Were proud to have created many of our categories, including feminine care and facial tissue under the leadership of our Kotex and Kleenex brands. We are inventors at heart. New products created during the last three years contributed to over 60% of our organic growth in 2022. Whether its Kotex DreamWear for ultimate overnight protection, or Kleenex Allergy Comfort, our product obsession, advantage technology and consumer-centric focus is enabling us to create meaningful value and accelerate category growth. This is perhaps most evident in China, where we continue to post double-digit organic growth in the face of a declining birth rate and challenging COVID operating conditions. With major upgrades in dryness and thinness, our products are among the best in the market, led by Huggies Super Deluxe, the softest diaper in China. Our strong portfolio supported by superior technology will continue to anchor Kimberly-Clarks leadership in the worlds largest baby and child care market. Theme number two, were making strong progress on margin recovery. Over the past two years, we faced unprecedented inflation worth over $3 billion, a roughly 1,500 basis point headwind to gross margin. Our teams have done an excellent job mitigating this impact. Our product leadership, commercial agility and cost discipline enabled us to rapidly implement broad pricing actions and generate over $700 million in cost savings. The successful implementation of revenue growth management actions drove an inflection in our profitability in the second half of the year. Gross margin stabilized in Q3 and increased year-over-year in Q4 by over 200 basis points. This was our first major improvement in the last eight quarters. Collectively, these actions enabled us to fully offset inflation and currency headwinds in 2022 on a dollar basis. Recently, market prices of some inputs have begun to ease, although they remain elevated relative to pre-pandemic levels. While were encouraged by this, it will take time for these benefits to work through our contracts and flow through the P&L. Nevertheless, well continue to leverage our scale to improve efficiency and reduce costs. At the same time, we expect our revenue management efforts will continue to positively impact this year. This will aid ongoing gross margin recovery while also enabling us to continue investing in our business. At the midpoint of our 2023 guidance range, we plan to improve operating margin by approximately 80 basis points. With incremental headwinds below the line, this translates to 2% to 6% growth in earnings per share in 2023. We also intend to increase our dividend for the 51st consecutive year. Theme number three, we will continue to invest to drive balanced and sustainable growth. Were scaling innovation that delivers better value, more benefits and better care for our consumers. We continue to see strong demand for great performing products. New Poise Ultra Thins and expanded sizing for the pants drove share gains in adult care, both from a dollar and unit standpoint this past year in North America. Well be launching several exciting initiatives in 2023, including our GoodNites Youth Pants, which can hold the equivalent of three bottles of water! as well as exciting performance upgrades for Huggies diapers. At the same time, well leverage the broad range of our offering to address the growing need for value through compelling commercial programs. Now to wrap up my prepared remarks, Im very proud of K-Cers around the world. They continue to execute with excellence, standing tall in the face of countless challenges all to fulfill our purpose of Better Care for a Better World. Weve assembled an excellent management team that has tremendous experience unlocking global growth. We have a long runway of growth ahead of us, and well continue to invest in balanced and sustainable growth to create long-term value for our shareholders. Now Shelby, if you wouldnt mind, lets open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Well take our first question from Dara Mohsenian from Morgan Stanley.
Mike Hsu: Good morning, Dara.
Nelson Urdaneta: Hey, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, how are you?
Mike Hsu: Good.
Dara Mohsenian: So, I just wanted to go into the 2023 outlook in a little more detail. First, Mike, can you just outline what youre assuming for pulp prices as you look out to next year? Im assuming youre not fully using the RISI forecast, but maybe you are, just any clarity there would be helpful. And then you talked about the greater investment in growth in people by 100 basis points to margin. Can you just help us understand the motivation behind that? Are there specific areas of opportunity? Is it more you had to pull back a little bit in 2022, just given such a tough commodity environment? How are you sort of thinking about that? And also maybe just a little more detail on functionally where you are spending, is it ad spend, or is it other areas, is it headcount and maybe geographies and product categories you plan to invest? So that would be helpful. Thanks.
Mike Hsu: Okay, well do, Dara. First of all, I feel great about where the brands are globally and where our business is, and we can talk about performance in the fourth quarter and I know well get to that. But overall, Id say we plan to deliver a better performance in 2023 for sure. Were going to build on our organic growth momentum. Dara, clearly in the plan for next year. There is plenty of carryover pricing, but there are new pricing actions in the plan as well. Most of those have already been announced to our customers. But in terms of the investment, I would say, Im really excited. We got a robust innovation and commercial program for 2023. In some ways, if I calibrate, I think this year will be stronger than last year, and we feel good about that. Consumer demand in our categories generally remains very resilient. And so I think from that aspect, we have good things to invest in. In terms of the overall spending, we are taking advertising back up a little bit more, just for reference, and we havent discussed this as much. But obviously, with the challenges that weve had over the last couple of years, we had pulled back slightly over the last couple of years. And so some of this is returning back to where we were back in -- perhaps back in 2020. But beyond that, Id say its more based on the merits of the commercial programs that we have. And were excited about the programs that we have and we want to invest behind them. And at this point, youre probably aware, Dara, were pretty good at evaluating the returns of our investment and making sure that they pay out. And so we feel great about that. So from the organic momentum, we continue to see that. I will say we expect continued progress on margin recovery while were making that investment. Weve got high single-digit operating profit growth while offsetting, I think, what we said in our release, about $600 million in inflation and FX headwinds. And so yes, we are restoring some between the lines. But obviously, as you saw, the non-operating items really kind of get us back to that mid-single-digit EPS guide, or low to mid-single-digit EPS guide. So I will say -- and before I let Nelson -- Nelson will comment on the pulp. Ill say, Dara, we are aiming for the top of our range internally, right. And I think we did the same thing last year. Im glad we did because when we came out this time last year, I think, we were calling for about $700 million of cost inflation. We ended up seeing closer to the $1.7 billion and still stayed within our original range. As I mentioned, we have very high-quality plans for this year. Were really excited about that. So were aiming for the top end of the range. Why we call it the way we are? Well, volatility remains extraordinarily high. And so if you have a good call on interest rates, FX, the war, energy, supply chain, COVID, civil unrest, there is a lot going on. So thats a mouthful. Maybe Ill pause and let Nelson comment on pulp and then Dara if you have any follow-ups.
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes. And to add, Dara, in terms of pulp and the fiber complex as a whole, I think, just to give a little bit of context of where were at. Overall, the fiber market prices have plateaued in Q3, and they actually began to turn slightly in Q4. And to your question as to do we take RISI as a reference, yes, we take it as a reference. And just reiterating where were at today, prices have more or less remained largely in line with where we in Q3 and what were projecting into this year is that on average, eucalyptus, as an example, would be down 10% for the full year. Now same goes for fluff, and NBSK and some of the other components of the whole fiber complex. We would see prices begin to ease throughout 2023. One thing that we need to take into account is that we dont cover at RISI. I mean we actually enter into specific contracts in all the different components of fiber. So what you see in RISI or some of these indexes does not necessarily translate one to one at that time to our P&L. So thats also whats playing out. To give you a context, out of the commodity inflation of $200 million to $300 million that were quoting in our guidance. The pulp complex as a whole is right around half of that at the midpoint. We will see pulp as a whole, be up for us in 2023 based on what were forecasting at this stage, albeit a very small number compared to what weve seen before and markets are giving up on that end.
Mike Hsu: I think Ill add, Dara, is also, while well take some of those declines that you see in RISI will take a little time to work through our system. I would say if you saw a spot in what were paying you want to pay what were paying.
Dara Mohsenian: Great. Thats helpful. And just one quick follow-up. On the higher ad spend, are there specific geographies or product categories youre most focused on, Mike? And then if I can slip one additional question in, also just the FX guidance for 2023. The revenue guidance is worse than our currency models indicate based on your country exposure. So just any clarity there would be helpful, but also the flow-through to profit look pretty severe in terms of the FX impact to profit relative to revenue. So any clarity there would be helpful. Thanks.
Mike Hsu: Yes, the spending, Dara, I would say its broad improvements. I mean, certainly, in our major markets like the U.S. and the diaper category, for sure, we have great news that we want to make sure that were supporting appropriately. I think I cannot share exactly what that news is because its coming out in the second half. But it will blow your mind when you see it. And it has to do with -- not to say this on an earnings call, but the poop side of things, and so thats kind of the business were in. And so well do miraculous things with poop. And so thats one set of areas. Weve got huge momentum in China, and we feel great about that. The team is doing a fantastic job. Were going to continue to plow and invest in the brand and the advertising in our digital capabilities in China. And so those are two core areas. But obviously, we have strong traction around the world, and we feel good about our investments around the world.
Nelson Urdaneta: And addressing the question on the ForEx, Dara, just to unlock that a little bit, so for next year on the top line, weve said that for the full year, were talking around two percentage points of a drag. And its important to highlight that we are seeing that concentrated in the first half of the year, when we do the comps year-over-year. I mean we would not -- we would see that really ease or not be that much of a headwind as we get into the second half from a top line standpoint. So you could work that out and there. And then when we go down to the flow-through to the bottom line, a couple of things. As a reminder, weve got about half of our revenue coming from overseas and about a third of our profit coming from overseas. But we do have a significant amount of costs that impact the P&L, either exposed to hard currencies in the foreign subs in which we operate. The other element you need to take into account as you model is that were not covering the spot rates. I mean, we have particular risk management strategies in place that Im not going to get into details in the call, but we have to work through those risk management strategies as they flow through the P&L. As you know, thats not a one-to-one if youre engaging in hedging and doing risk management strategies that we do.
Dara Mohsenian: Great, thank you.
Mike Hsu: Okay, thanks Dara.
Operator: Well take our next question from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo.
Mike Hsu: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Carey: Hi, good morning. I just -- so one follow-up on the currency piece and then another question. But just on the currency piece, I think its getting so much attention this morning because its such an atypical multiplier versus what weve seen here, right. And so -- and I appreciate theres hedging and it sounds like thats something you have good facility into. So maybe Ill just take that as a given. And what -- how should we think about an improvement in currency or a worsening in currency? So youre hedged, does this now -- is this now the outlook? Or should changes in currency imply a change in whats going to be flowing through on your model this year. So perhaps you can just help us understand that.
Nelson Urdaneta: Thats a fair question, Chris. And a couple of things, obviously, on top line, it will be what it will be because we dont hedge top line. So thats in essence whats going to happen, so it will translate. When you go to costs, we have models in place for risk management strategies, and there are currencies we hedge, there are currencies we dont hedge, and it depends on the amounts we do. So its model-driven. So changes in currency, to your question, would have impacts. Now it wont apply to all the currency payers because it depends on where were at, at any given point in time. So definitely on top line, yes, we will see that very fluid as markets move, and thats happening literally on the hour. As to profits, we will also see, to some extent, some flow as the currency changes and we update our models depending on whats hedged and whats not hedged.
Chris Carey: Okay. Okay, thank you. Just given, I think one other thing this morning is that the commodity outlook relative to what we can see on even forward prices would suggest worse than expected probably on that front. Clearly, youre saying more of thats happening in international markets may be harder to track. So I think that makes sense. But nevertheless, well probably end the year now at a gross margin of, say, 32% still a few hundred basis points below pre-pandemic operating margins even farther below pre-pandemic. And I think conceptually, the organization does have goal to get back to that margin structure. It just feels like with commodity volatility and the non-operating inflation that youre talking about. Do you still think thats a realistic medium to long-term objective or has the inflation been such that theres probably not enough pricing and savings to get you there or at least it will take a very long time. So, any thoughts on that.
Mike Hsu: Yes, Chris, I definitely feel like its a realistic goal, and I think well get there. And my view is weve turned the corner on our margin recovery program. We -- obviously, we saw in the fourth quarter continued strong organic performance. But for the -- I said this in my prepared remarks, pricing exceeded input costs and inflation for the full year. So, we fully offset inflation and FX for the full year last year. So, I think the teams did a great job there. And our operating margin, as I said, stabilized in Q3 and expanded by 200 basis points in Q4. In terms of the cost outlook, so I think were making great progress there. And let me say this about costs. One, from my seat, Ill say theres -- I see green shoots, okay? But even though we still see cost headwinds coming into the year, there are green shoots, and we have seen selected commodities start to ease. And Ill also say, having been in this company for 10 years, reversion is around the corner. When it happens, it happens fast. We offset extraordinary headwinds over the last couple of years, as I mentioned. We see another 600 this year. Historically, though, there has been rapid reversion, and weve seen some signs of it. I dont have a timetable for that. I dont know if its going to hit this year or not. But at some point, it will happen. And when that does happen, it will accelerate our margin recovery. And as I said in the past, were not counting on reversion to deliver the margin recovery. But when it does, it will accelerate our time line, which is why I feel confident about it because we all know $3 billion over two years, its not going to stay at that level, right? At some point, its going to come back down.
Nelson Urdaneta: Just to add a little flavor on the gross margin, too, Chris. A couple of things, we had three quarters in a row where we actually expanded gross margin. And as Mike pointed out, for the first time in Q4, we grew gross margin year-over-year versus the last time we ever did that was back in mid-2020. So, it had been a few quarters. That had not been the case. And that reinforces Mikes point that what we have been talking about since July of really remaining committed and having line of sight to recovery in the margins is going to happen. As we stare at this year, our plan calls for year-over-year margin expansion in gross margin every quarter. Thats what we have in place. I think you quoted 32% of gross margin, its actually higher what were aiming for at the -- for the full year because were expanding operating margins at the mid-point of our plan by 80 bps. If you look at what we put out in the release and the remarks, were investing about 100 basis points of net sale into the brands. So we got to add that back to that 80 bps, and that gives you a sense of what at least is going to be the gross margin expansion that we have planned in here. So we definitely have -- were building on those green shoots that Mike say in, but were not staying sitting here. I mean were moving on the productivity line. Were moving on the margin accretive innovation, and were also moving on the net revenue growth management programs that we have in place. So all of that is really putting us there. And as Mike has said in the past, reversion will accelerate this. Thats the only thing that would do that, so.
Chris Carey: So can I just confirm, and I apologize, because Ive gotten questions on this, and Im going to get back in the queue. Do you expect gross margins up, but the 100 basis points is what youre investing into gross margins. So if you can you just maybe confirm what your expectation for gross margin is for 2023? Because I think there has been some confusion.
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes, yes. I want you to add, right. So it would be like this. We have 80 basis points of operating margin. You add 100 basis points that we are reinvesting into the brands. That gives you 180 basis points by which at least gross margin would have to expand.
Mike Hsu: That makes sense?
Chris Carey: Okay. Yes. Thanks so much.
Nelson Urdaneta: Thats the math.
Chris Carey: Right. Thank you, both.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Well take our next question from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Mike Hsu: Hello, Steve.
Nelson Urdaneta: Hi, Steve.
Steve Powers: Hello, good morning. Good morning. Just to pick up on that math because thats sort of the math that were working with too. But that implies, if you take the numbers literally that the 23% gross margin objective is a tick below the 4Q 2022 gross margin that you realized. So just to Nelsons point about seeing that progressive gross margin improvement sequentially, it doesnt imply a lot more movement in 2023. So maybe just talk about that in the context of, overtime, easing costs and the like.
Mike Hsu: The road to margin recovery is an buffy one, Chris -- Steve.
Nelson Urdaneta: So Steve, I think a few things that -- just to add a little bit of color or how we get there on the math. So I think the important thing to take into account is were staring right now at about $250 million of commodity costs at the midpoint, as weve guided. We have about -- in terms of currency, about $350 million at the midpoint in currency. And then in other costs, we have around $200 million. So when you add it all up, we will be for another year in a row, having a significant revenue growth management realization that weve planned for, which, by the way, around two-thirds of that is solely carry over from 2022. So what happens at the end is, for the year, were going to be realizing positive pricing net of commodity and ForEx, whereas last year, we were pretty much neutral. We were able to fully offset the $1.7 billion. So thats going to flow through. And exiting Q4, its not a straight line as Mike indicated, because, again, the quarters are pretty different and the dynamics between the categories and the mix and our cost impact us differs. But the reality is that on a year-over-year basis, we continue to expand margins, and it would be quite the game because if you recall, our pre-COVID gross margins were around 35%. So we would be getting -- we would be making pretty good advance on the full year with the movement that were planning for.
Mike Hsu: Yes, Steve, and maybe Ill just add for context, I mean, I wasnt trying to sound facetious, because when I say its a bumpy road, Im not one for hyperbole and I think I said in my prepared remarks, unprecedented a few times. And so theres been unprecedented effects kind of on the demand side and on the supply side, just in terms of demand, obviously, COVID in and out, the war, which caused demand to change in and out, then you have all the supply issues either associated with COVID, the war or just the product availability or transportation availability. So theres a lot of things moving around. Then you throw in our Texas storm, which, at this point, Im on the third order impact of the Texas storm. And so you got all that. Theres a lot of volatility inherent in the numbers, and they were not consistent quarter-to-quarter and very unusual in our business, because typically, I think you all are right, this tends to be a very stable business. But because of that, both from a demand perspective and a cost perspective, things are going to move around from quarter-to-quarter a little bit.
Steve Powers: Okay. Thats fair. And I agree. Unprecedented has become the new precedent. So two other, I guess, follow-ups, if I could. One is on the enhanced essentially net pricing, revenue growth management. I guess, you talked about mostly carryover. Thats great. That makes sense. In terms of the incremental, is -- do you anticipate incremental actual pricing actions versus just kind of other RGM actions? And you -- just some color around where those might occur and what portion of them are actually list price movements versus count reductions, that kind of thing would be helpful. And then another thing that you mentioned in the release, its been a topic across other companies that have been reporting just in terms of retail inventory levels and some downshifting in terms of trade inventory levels, just some color around what youve seen and how youre thinking about destocking inventory levels across the trade as you go through 2023? Thanks very much.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thanks, Steve. Yes. First of all, weve moved fast on pricing the last couple of years, right? And so Im really proud of the team and their ability to fully offset inflation on a dollar basis in 2022. But for the plan this year, I would say, the majority of our pricing is like -- is going to be carryover, but we have taken new actions, some list pricing, which is, in general, across most markets already been announced into the marketplaces. But there are additional RGM actions weve taken as well that you might say, whether its promotional changes or productivity around trade spending. So those are the more typical that are kind of evergreen programs that were going to have in place. But overall, we feel very good about our RGM, our revenue growth management capability. Its executing well. If we didnt -- if we had not invested in it, over the past five years, we would not have been able to make the moves that were making. And then in general, I think its been working very, very well. In general, I would say, demand is holding up pretty well. I know that will be a topic people will want to double-click on. But I would say the elasticities are holding up, in general, better than we modeled originally. So that maybe, hopefully, thats it on the pricing one. Any follow-up, Steve, on the pricing?
Steve Powers: No, thats great. Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Okay. And then retail inventory, it was interesting. Nelson and I were at a conference in September -- Lawrence Conference in September and almost every investor asks us about retail inventories, because it was starting to change for a couple manufacturers. It had not affected us at -- that was back in September. I would say, subsequent to that meeting, perhaps a week or two afterwards, we started getting news from retails that they were going to look at retail inventories as well in our categories. And its happened. I would say its been typical, generally typical to kind of what weve experienced year-over-year. So in the fourth quarter, Id say, it came in about what we forecasted. It did affect the consumption, because if you look at North America, I think our overall organic between tissue and personal care was up 1%, which is a little soft relative to what the consumption was. And in my mind, consumption is really what the business is really performing at. And so youre going to have some other changes that affect your shipments. But over the long-term shipments must equal consumption in my book. And so consumption for the quarter was up 7% in personal care and 7% in tissue. So we feel like the business remains very healthy. But we work through some typical retailer inventory issues.
Steve Powers: Okay. Very good. Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Well take our next question from Anna Lizzul with Bank of America.
Mike Hsu: Good Morning.
Anna Lizzul: Hi. Good morning. Thank you so much for the question. I was wondering if you can comment from your guidance on why most of your inflation is outside of the U.S. in 2023. Meaning what is different really in terms of the markets outside of the U.S. in terms of rising costs? And then I have a follow up.
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes. In general, inflation -- so a couple of things. Out of the commodity inflation, the one were quoting, the $200 million to $300 million impact, the majority of that bucket is on the international markets. So the U.S. would be not the big -- the market largely impacted by that bucket. However, when we move down the line obviously ForEx would be mostly in -- would be the international markets as you could see. But then on the other cost, its broad-based. So that would be broad based across the portfolio.
Anna Lizzul: Okay. And then just how should we think about the phasing of your forced cost savings through the year, just given the rising input cost are more pronounced in the first half. Should we expect greater cost savings to offset that in the first half as well?
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes. As weve said in the past Anna, our FORCE savings are not linear and it all depends on movements within the quarters go live of projects. And it is very difficult for us to predict exactly how it comes into play. I would not skew FORCE into the first part of the year because typically, weve got a lot of projects that are going live. Were still dealing and managing through some challenges, especially internationally on the supply chain bid. And that weighs into how FORCE plays throughout the year. But I cant give you a specific percentage of what you should be planning. But I hope that helps guide you as to how were thinking about it.
Anna Lizzul: Okay. Thanks very much.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thank you, Anna.
Nelson Urdaneta: Thank you.
Operator: Well take our next question from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Mike Hsu: Hi, Andrea. Good morning.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. Good morning. How are you? So I wanted to just perhaps hope to bridge the top line guidance a bit between volume and pricing. And Nelson, I understand you mentioned obviously you have some carryover impact of about two-thirds, I think youre called out from pricing. So it implies that potentially you are announcing or embedding some additional pricing. So first of all, wanted to check on that. And by my math, probably youre embedding flattish to slightly up volume for 2023. So Im hoping to figure what regions would that be? And related to that from a regional perspective, D&E it was a bit softer in the fourth quarter. I understand like you called out Southeast Asia, and Im thinking, and correct me if Im wrong, Softex being an acquisition that you made towards the end of 2021. Perhaps theres some puts and takes there. Anything you can add in terms of like 2022, it seems to me was a year that D&E had a very strong year. And actually, sorry, developed markets had a very strong year. D&E was a little bit softer. Is that going to reverse, because youre obviously having tougher comps in China and in developed markets? So if you can help us with that.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Maybe Andrea, Ill start with the D&E and then maybe Nelson you can come back in on the on bridging the top line. D&E, yes, it did soften. So in Q3 I think we were up about 11% Andrea, and then it was plus 2% in the fourth quarter. I would say, as you already talked about primarily due to what I would call discrete challenges in Southeast Asia. So what were doing is, were excited about our business in Indonesia, its great business, great brand. I would say were working through some business approaches that we prefer. And so thats had an effect of the year. They did things a certain way, I prefer to do them a different way. And so were just working through that. And that had an impact on sales kind of in the quarter. Hopefully were through that. And then beyond Indonesia, were seeing a little increased competition in Vietnam and India. And so were going to work through that and something thats been going off and on for a couple years now. Beyond Southeast Asia, China was up double-digits. Latin America was up in the 20s, and Middle East and Africa was up mid-single-digit for us. So, were still, we still feel very good about our D&E performance overall, but recognize we have a little bit of work to do in Southeast Asia. I mean, the team overall is doing a great job executing bringing innovation into these markets, driving the price execution, which weve talked about and we feel great about our commercial programming for this coming year. Does that give you enough on the D&E?
Andrea Teixeira: Yes. No, I guess on the developed markets though, what is embedded in your guidance? Because Im assuming you are thinking of elasticities just kicking in stronger for this year or because it seems as if, at least in North America, I know the puts and takes from North America growth was subdued in the fourth quarter. So hoping to see if there is any puts and takes as you took more pricing and what is -- what are you embedding into 2023?
Mike Hsu: Yes, well, let me just say, we had great performance across developed markets in the fourth quarter. I think generally, approaching a double-digit in developed markets outside the U.S. U.S. as I mentioned, was up, I think if you add tissue and personal care was up about 1%, mostly driven by retail inventory changes differences. We exited a private label contract that was pretty significant. We exited or changed timing on a pretty significant promotion at a big retailer. And so that affected I would say the fourth quarter overall in the U.S. But overall, I dont think were putting out a number there specifically on each of these segments, but we are expecting continued good performance both in North America and developed markets internationally and very excited about the plans going there too.
Nelson Urdaneta: Its strong innovation as well. I mean, for all the developed markets, weve got very pretty strong innovation pipeline thatll come through. But going back to your deconstruction of the top-line I think a couple of things Id like to highlight on the year and how to think about it. As first and foremost, we -- as we go through the year, its important to note that the first half of the year will be more muted. And when we say more muted, its important to take into account the fact that one, we will still lap the private label exit in North America that we talked about just now. So thatll continue to impact us in the first half. And then the other bit is also were lapping very strong comps from last year. As you remember, we grew 10% in the first half and we grew 5% in the second half. And then the third point is, we will still have a lot of pricing that on a year-over-year basis is coming through in the first half because of the carryover. So all that put together would put pressure on volumes, because of those three reasons as we think of the first half of the year, as we go into the second part of the year, then that would ease, and thats our expectation. And thats the way that I would think about it, Andrea.
Andrea Teixeira: Thats helpful. Just as one clarification thats missing on the, when you said two-thirds of the --correct me if Im wrong, I understood, its like everything that you have in plan, in terms of pricing is about two-thirds carryover, so it implies that you have another one-third of pricing to come through in the plan?
Mike Hsu: Yes. And I said earlier, I cant remember, maybe it was with Steve, but yes, we have a significant portion of carryover pricing that was launched last year that still carries over into this year. And then weve taken additional pricing actions since then. And so weve generally announced pricing actions across markets that are taking an effect this quarter. And so thats also factored in the plan.
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes, they go into effect in the biggest markets at the end of Q1.
Mike Hsu: Yes, and then on top of that, as I said to Steve, we have additional RGM actions or revenue growth management actions that are more typical in Evergreen [ph].
Nelson Urdaneta: Like hyperinflationary markets. So where, we have that pricing as part of the overall number.
Andrea Teixeira: Super helpful. Thank you for the clarification. I pass it all.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thank you, Andrea.
Operator: Well take our next question from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Mike Hsu: Morning, Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: Good morning. Thanks. So want to talk a little bit about consumer behavior in North America and elasticity. So, I guess first on personal care, Im sure youre not going to give us a number, but if I make some rough assumptions around the private label exit and inventory destocking, it looks like elasticity is less than kind of a one for one on the North America personal care business. So just kind of curious on your perspective on that and knowing how much of your innovation has been premium over the last few years. What youre seeing in terms of trade down behavior, because the market share data looks not great, the brand is losing shared of private labor all label overall, but your shares look a little bit softer. And then just on tissue, there obviously expect there would be significant elasticity. There always is. But what are you seeing there in terms of that a timeline to that kind of stabilizing? Should we think about it as when you start to lap the price and that the volume stabilizes? Or is the consumer under so much duress that theres space for that trade down to persist?
Mike Hsu: Okay, Lauren, I knew you were going to ask this, and so Russ and I were on the phone last night working through this, and so as so anyways heres a couple things. One, let me just say in North America and I would say globally overall, were seeing a resilient consumer. And I think that does reflect the essential nature of our categories. Generally, as you know, our POS or consumption volume where the POS Nielsen sales is in line with expectations. As I mentioned, our shipment volatility has been a little higher just because of some of these discrete items that weve worked through. This is the thing Russ and I were looking at last night. I definitely would say observed elasticity was slightly higher or the elasticity impact on volume was a little bit higher in the second half than the first half. But remains, I would say far below whats modeled. And I think that does reflect the nature of our categories as being essential. And Ill throw a couple numbers at you. And these are category numbers, so not brand and theyre public anyways, so not proprietary us. But in Q4, pricing was up 7% in diapers and Eq, right, equivalent units, the measure of volume was down three. And so I think as you point out, therefore, the implied elasticity impact is less, certainly far below one to one. The thing that I would throw in there on top of that is in the second half us and our competitors have made a lot of count changes across all these categories. And so the Eq definition includes count reductions because its based on a standard unit, right? And so my venture to guess almost half of the volume decline is related to count and tissue sheet count changes. So that was diapers and then the bath tissue, yes, for the fourth quarter price was up 11 for the category and volume was down seven. And recognize, I might factor in, three or four points of that seven is likely to be sheet count changes. And then adult care of the outlier because, price was up eight and then volume was still up, right up to. And the delta, I think those were all fourth quarter numbers. What we -- and the reason I say the elasticities kind of seems like the impact has increased slightly in the second half. Is -- in the first half, pricing was up mid to high single digit and volume continue to be up. And so there is a difference. I think the consumer environment was different. I do think there is more pressure on the consumer, but I still think the category remains very resilient because of the essential nature of the category. So Ill pause there, Lauren. Is that answer?
Lauren Lieberman: Yes, that is great. And just the one piece that you missed was the relative market share performance.
Mike Hsu: Oh, yes.
Lauren Lieberman: In personal care and any kind of mix dynamics [indiscernible].
Mike Hsu: Yes, again, we feel very good about overall performance. At the brands, I think, in adult care, we were up 12% in consumption of the quarter. Feminine care, were up almost double digits. Diapers was down five. And the biggest driver behind that, private -- that private label exit was a minor one for us. But the bigger one was we have a large retailer that we knowingly shifted an event from Q4 last year, prior year into Q3 of this year. So we lost that. On top of that, they had a big private label event, which we know about and planned for. And that moved from Q3 to Q4. So theres a double whammy on the share side, and that accounted for the majority of our share impact in the quarter. And that happened in October, I think the cycle for us. And so we saw later in the quarter, certainly, better performance from Huggies and we feel great about where we stand. And as I told you, we have -- this is the Disney 100. So weve got great commercial programs for our characters on our products. Weve got great innovation that were really excited about. I hate to say, but -- well, when you come out and visit with us, well take you to our war room on poop [ph] superiority. And so, but we feel very good about our offering and what were going to be doing there.
Lauren Lieberman: I mean, Im going to put the poop superiority visit. I have my agenda for 2023.
Mike Hsu: I know it sounds funny on a call. This is the business Im in.
Lauren Lieberman: Yes, no, I got it. I get it. And then Id be remiss if I didnt jump in on a modeling question. But just briefly on the FX headwinds relative to what just seemed like not terribly well timed hedges unfortunately. And then the wage inflation that you called out, just any dimensional like gross margin versus OpEx, just how to treat those as we work through the pieces?
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes. So, the 200 million is on the other operating costs. Thats all gross margin as you model it. And the -- in terms of the Forex, a meaningful portion of it would be gross margin. Theres a little bit on translation because of earnings, and theres a little bit on mark-to-market of any liabilities or assets we have in foreign currency, but the lion share of it would be in gross margin.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. All right. Great. Thank you so much.
Mike Hsu: All right. Thank you, Lauren.
Operator: Well take our next question from Javier Escalante with Evercore.
Mike Hsu: Javier, good morning.
Nelson Urdaneta: Hi, Javier.
Javier Escalante: Hi. Good morning, everyone. I would like to come back to this elasticity question. So you mentioned that its healthier, but yet your volumes are down 7%, and Im sure you could have itemized how much is your underlying volume growth versus market growth? So if you can give us that, so what is the underlying growth without going to this happening in incontinence or diapers, just tell us, of the 7% volume decline, how much were one-timers? Because the other branded competitor also saw volume decline of 6%. And my concern is how -- what makes you think that you can keep pricing at these levels given what this contradiction between the elasticity that you mentioned that is better, but we see this mid- to high-single-digit volume declines?
Mike Hsu: Yes. I mean, Javier, I think the thing that you have to get picture is theres a difference between whats happening in consumption, right? And whats happening sold-through to consumers versus shipments, right? And so -- and I think thats what maybe the other manufacturer; I didnt listen to their call, but Im also supposing I think they probably lived through some of the same effects as us. Theres a difference between whats consumed, right? And so I said for the quarter, in North America across our businesses, our Personal Care business grew in consumption by 7%. Our tissue business grew by 7%. In the long run, I think youll have to -- hopefully, youll agree that in the long run shipments should equal consumption, right? So youre not going to perpetually deplete the retailer inventories or eventually grow retail inventories over time, right? So generally, thats kind of what I look at as kind of the ongoing health of the business. In the quarter, we did see some discrete changes particularly as it relates to one, retailer inventory, which is probably the biggest impact for us in the quarter. But the other aspect for us is we did exit a pretty significant private label contract, which added a piece of it as well. So those are discrete items, in general, and I said on an earlier question, the retailer inventory changes for us, its about typical for what we normally see. And so -- and it goes back and forth from year-to-year, and so it tends to build itself back up over time. And thats why I dont view retailer inventory changes as representative of whats happening to elasticity. I view whats happening to consume volume and consume dollars, right, as to whats happening with elasticity. Does that make sense?
Javier Escalante: Yes, I couldnt agree more, but you have not quantified those one-timers. So what Im asking you is to tell me, what do you think is underlying category growth for you...
Mike Hsu: Well...
Javier Escalante: ...the branded competitor and inclusive of private label because you are talking about price increases in addition to whatever carryover comes from this year. And we wonder to what extent you are taking too much pricing and whether you can keep it?
Mike Hsu: Well, all Ill say is the underlying category growth in the fourth quarter was 7% for both personal care and tissue.
Javier Escalante: So what about volume, not pricing. Im referring to volume declines of 7%, Mike, if you could explain the underlying volume compliance?
Mike Hsu: Yes, thats the shipment volume decline and then the consumption volume decline was low-single-digit -- low- to mid-single-digit.
Javier Escalante: Go ahead.
Nelson Urdaneta: Javier, going back to your question -- to answer the question that you have on the one-timers, we have about 3 points would have been the one-timers. If you think of the inventory destock, if you think of the private label contract that would have been about 3 points out of that set.
Javier Escalante: Excellent. And then I have a more, a strategic question when it comes to private label. What do you see private label role in diapers, both in the U.S. and Europe? And to what extent that does it make sense to hold on to your operations in the U.K.? Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Yes. We exited our Personal Care business primarily, especially our diaper business in the U.K. about 10 years ago. So Im not sure what youre referencing there.
Javier Escalante: Andrex, the tissue business as well?
Mike Hsu: Yes. I mean, yes, we have -- yes, we have a great tissue business. Its the market leader in the U.K. Whats the question?
Javier Escalante: The question is if you can tell us how is private label pricing in the U.S. versus the U.K., which we dont have, I personally dont have access to and whether it makes sense to hold onto the tissue operations in the U.K. given the situation there? Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Okay. I got it. I understand. Hey, yes, overall, again, we feel great about our brands and where their position is. Andrex we have taken significant pricing just as weve done in the U.S. this year. It continues to perform well and despite the price increases, it has grown share. And so its a leading brand in the United Kingdom and much by consumers. And so its a great business for us. Certainly, this year theres room for improvement because of all the cost pressure. And so thats the priority for us, as youve heard all here is weve been working to recover our margins on our branded businesses to offset the significant inflation that weve had over the course of the year. And I think the teams have done a fantastic job of that. That said our margins are still below where they were pre-pandemic, and so were working our way back up towards that.
Javier Escalante: Thank you so very much. Very helpful.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thank you, Javier.
Operator: Well take our last question from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Mike Hsu: Hey, Kevin.
Nelson Urdaneta: Hi, Kevin.
Kevin Grundy: Hey. Great. Good morning everyone. Thanks for squeezing me in, and Christina, congratulations, and welcome. Hey, Mike, just to maybe tie together some of the more recent questions I wanted to hit on your U.S. market share, which I think Lauren touched on a bit. And then the promotional environment, which Javier, I think was kind of getting at a little bit, but very specifically, how this plays out with the promotional environment. Some of the conversations we have with investors now is the pricing stick, is the consumer going to be able to with withstand it, particularly in some of your categories? And then obviously whats going on with commodities is not lost on retailers either theres still kind of a long way to go to get back to gross margin targets, but still more benign oil, pulp et cetera. And then, Im sure your share is not quite where you want it to be in some categories, where its eroded tissue, diapers, wipes, et cetera. So question just around promotional environment, how you see this playing out in your categories, given the recessionary backdrop and more benign commodity cost environment, and then may maybe what youve embedded in your outlook? And thatll do it for me. Thanks guys.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Yes. Kevin, let me try to package that up. I mean one, let me start with the share. It was a bit softer than we like in Q4, but I feel confident were moving on the right track. I mean, the softness was primarily in diapers for the reason I told Lauren, which is we had a big event come out and then a big private label event, which we happen to supply go in and so that had a big impact on market share in the quarter. For the full year we were upper, even in five of eight categories we were down in five and Q4, thats why it, I said its softened in Q4, but well get it back on the right track. I do think, I feel really good about our plans for this year and feel confident in our commercial activation in North America, and then, in nearly all markets around the world when we have a few discrete items were working across in international markets. In terms of the pricing environment, I would say the promotion environment right now remains competitive. But I would say overall constructive, given the cost environment, weve seen kind of, obviously the broad pricing actions from most manufacturers across categories. Promotion frequency has returned to normal levels, both in tissue and personal care. And that, that happened, a while back. I would say the depth of promotion remains a bit shallower than historical. And I think thats related to the cost environment. However, on the consumer side, we can certainly, our, my comments on elasticity and the essential nature of our categories, notwithstanding, I do sense the consumers under pressure. And so, and were -- weve been, out talking to our top customers, and so we recognize that the consumer is working through some challenges pocketbook wise. And so, were going to meet them where they need us and make sure that were continuing to offer a strong value across our business. And the thing about us is, our aim is to lead our categories. And so were not really, were not a niche premium player. We want to play across both value and premium. And so we have a broad offering and we want to make sure we support our consumers effectively along that. But for the most part, yes we have taken significant pricing we are managing our promotions with discipline and well continue to do that. I dont know if that answers exactly, what youre looking for, Kevin.
Kevin Grundy: I think that helps. But just to kind of tie that in with, with your intentions on the advertising and marketing, is it fair to say that should the promotional environment pick up because of a weaker consumer potentially from your position, trade down in your categories that you, its not optimal, but you kind of view that a hundred basis points in advertising and marketing. If you have to reallocate that to trade promotion as the year progresses, then youll cross that bridge when you get there. Is that a fair way to think about it?
Mike Hsu: Yes. Well, yes, Ill say yes, well cross that bridge when we get there. Youll have to, no, my personal bias is Im not a fan of driving the business through promotion. I dont -- I can, we can do it effectively, because we know our ROIs on trade promotion as well as we know our advertising ROIs. And so and frankly, now the returns, on both are okay. I like the advertising ones better. And so thats kind of my go-to. And I think its better for the long-term health of the brand. And frankly, Kevin, this is related to the question youre asking. Our customers expect it. I mean, they theyre concerned about value for their shoppers. And so, theyre not the biggest fans of all these price increases, but part of what theyre looking for from us is to make sure that were bringing commercial programming to grow the category for the long-term. And theyre so, theyre excited about our innovation and theyre excited about the, the commercial ideas that were bringing this year. And so they, they want us to bring it. And so thats probably the bigger reason, why weve ticked up the investment in our advertising.
Kevin Grundy: Got it. Very good guys. Thanks for all the time. Good luck.
Mike Hsu: Okay.
Nelson Urdaneta: Thank you.
Mike Hsu: All right. Thank you, Kevin. And Shelby, Im going to make my closing comments. Hey, Ill just say a couple things one, Im confident in the strength of our brands and our commercial capabilities to position Kimberly-Clark for the long-term. Im really proud of the focus leadership talent in this organization, and confident that well drive business, drive our business great long-term shareholder value and fulfill our purpose of better care for a better world. So I want to thank you all for joining us today. And with that, well sign off.
Operator: That concludes todays teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience in holding. We now have your presenters in conference. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to introduce today's first presenter, Brian Ezzell. Please go ahead.
Brian Ezzell: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's third quarter earnings conference call. With me today are Mike Hsu, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Nelson Urdaneta, our Chief Financial Officer. This morning, we issued our earnings news release and published prepared management remarks from Mike and Nelson that summarized our third quarter results and 2022 outlook. Both documents are available in the Investors section of our website. In just a moment, Mike will share opening comments, and then we'll take your questions. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K and our latest 10-Q for further discussion of forward-looking statements. We may also refer to adjusted results and outlook, both of which exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. The release has additional information about these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures.  And now, I'll turn it over to Mike.
Mike Hsu : All right. Thank you, Brian. Good morning, everyone. Our teams around the world continue to execute strongly in what remains a dynamic and challenging environment. I'm pleased with our continued organic sales growth momentum with 5% growth in the third quarter, reflecting broad gains in all of our segments. Our third quarter results also reflect ongoing volatility in the operating environment, which continue to pressure operating margin and earnings. Throughout the year, we've taken decisive action to offset persistent inflation with pricing and cost savings. We're making progress as those initiatives enabled sequential expansion of gross and operating margins in the quarter.  As we near the close of 2022, we're maintaining our sales and earnings outlook for the year. We continue to manage our business with discipline and remain confident we'll restore our margins over time. We're executing our growth strategy to elevate our categories and expand our markets by putting the consumers front and center. We'll continue to invest in innovation and our commercial programs to continually sharpen the value proposition of our brands. We're committed to delivering balanced and sustainable growth over the long term as we work to fulfill our purpose of Better Care for a Better World. With that, we're ready to address your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: I was hoping if we could just start out with an update on the input cost outlook. You've held the outlook for the year. There's one quarter to go. But just we see -- what we see, it looks like pulp is kind of flattening out in terms of market data, but there are industry participants that have sort of said otherwise. We've gotten a lot of questions in the last few weeks about European energy prices, how that impacts your business? So any color you can provide would be great. And also, I know it's early, but looking into 2023 as well.
Mike Hsu: Yes. I'll start maybe and Nelson will give you his perspective. But overall, I'd say it's stabilizing but at the high level, and we're still experiencing some volatility. So I don't know if Nelson, you want to give a little more texture.
Nelson Urdaneta: Sure. And Lauren, I mean, a few things there. I mean we've held our guidance for the full year in the $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion. And it's important to note that through the first nine months of the year, we've seen about $1.2 billion of these costs materialize. We did see sequential improvement in terms of the impact as we lap last year's $1 billion out of the $1.5 billion that impacted us in the second half of the year. So for the quarter, you would have seen a $360 million commodity impact versus $470 million in Q1 and $405 million in Q2. So the trend that we had talked about is playing out in Q3.  Secondly, overall, we're not calling down because the reality is commodities remain elevated. The environment remains quite challenging, and we're maneuvering through it.  We've seen overall a few dynamics that I'd like to highlight. First, on the pulp and fiber components, prices remain pretty elevated. Eucalyptus is trading today at around $1,600. That's an all-time high. And we -- while the market is projecting for some easing at the end of this year, we have yet to see that play out. If we look at distribution costs, those remain challenging as well, especially on the international front. We have seen some giving up a prices on spot transportation in North America, but still, that's not offsetting the overall challenges we're seeing on a global basis. So net-net, we remain at the guidance that we had provided. And the messages I would say in terms of next year, right now, it's too early for us to provide any guidance on 2023. We'd still have the full year to play out.  But a few thoughts that I'd share. One, we remain at historical highs in the whole commodity and cost structure. As a reminder, on a two-year stack, with $3 billion at the midpoint of our guidance today. And again, we have not seen any meaningful move versus our assumptions that we gave you back in July. Secondly, ForEx markets. We have seen, and you see it in our -- in the deconstruction of our numbers. ForEx has become more volatile and challenging. And as a reminder, we have about 1/3 of our profits coming from overseas. So that is something that we are taking into account in our outlook, but we will have to carefully watch as we think about next year. The underlying business environment remains volatile. As Mike said in his opening remarks, we're managing through it, but it's something we will take into account again over the next few months as we prep up to give you guidance in January when we talk about Q4.
Mike Hsu: All right, Lauren, you may have gotten more than you bargained for on that question.
Lauren Lieberman : No, it's great. I'll always take it. Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Kevin Grundy of Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: A question for me, just kind of zooming out a bit, Mike, just observations on kind of the elephant in the room, right? Observations on consumer demand and then elasticities. I guess as we kind of look at the quarter, elasticities are a bit better in tissue and towel, worse in Personal Care, at least versus our model. So maybe just comment on what you're seeing from a consumer perspective, any signs of consumer weakness that are at all worrisome to you? And then maybe you could just share your own thoughts on how the elasticities in the quarter came in relative to your own expectations and thoughts as we look ahead.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Yes, Kevin, you have to guide me a little bit. I've got a lot of thoughts here. So I'll give you a few things. I mean, one, I do want to emphasize, I feel very good about our strong execution of our strategy in what remains a very challenging and dynamic environment. The continued organic momentum I feel very good about. Obviously, we were a little soft on North American Personal Care, which I can come back to you, but that was -- I think consumption was fine. It was more around some inventory changes cycling some supply constraints that we had last year. But overall, I think we had excellent execution of our pricing initiatives globally and great brand support through our commercial programs. I think it was in the prepared remarks, but high single digit across all developed markets, high single to double-digit growth across all key D&E markets. And then North America, as you saw, was down too because of some of the supply changes.  On top of that, I'd say we feel very good about our share performance. We're up or even in about half of our categories, a little bit more than that in Personal Care. And we were very fast on pricing. We've been very decisive on pricing all year. And so we knew we're going to give up a little share in the near term. And it does look like our share performance is improving in the latest quarter. And so we like where the trends are going and feel good about that. And then lastly, I'd say, on the overall environment, we're navigating some shipment volatility, particularly in North America because of the Texas storm and everything that happened last year. So that's kind of the overall on us.  And then with regard to the consumer, I would say, overall, I feel like the consumer remains resilient, but we are increasingly seeing some bifurcation in demand. And I don't know if I like that word, but it's -- I'm just trying to describe that we're seeing two different patterns emerge. And it's mostly along, as you would expect, having socioeconomic lines. I mean, certainly -- hence we do the research in a developed market like in North America, there's a broad swath of consumers that their savings are still higher than they were three years ago. They're employed. And while they may be curtailing some big ticket purchases in our categories, which are essentials, we're not seeing a discernible change in behavior there. However, there's about 40% of the population in the U.S. that is more living paycheck to paycheck. I grew up in one of those households and I know what it's like. And so we are seeing some changes in the consumption patterns, whether that is buying lower count packs or trading down a bit.  But I would say the important thing for us is to recognize that we're trying to serve our consumers and meet them where they need us, and that's both sets of consumers. And so our premium business continues to grow and do well. And then we've got a -- we've got a make sure that we're addressing the right value -- having the right value proposition for the value -- more value oriented consumers. So there is some, I would say, bifurcation. We saw that happen about three years ago in a lot of markets in D&E, but we are seeing a little bit more of that in developed markets. I'll pause there, Kevin, anything?
Kevin Grundy : I'm sure there's a number of other questions into queue, Mike. That's really helpful. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo.
Christopher Carey : I just wanted to follow up on that line of questioning around volumes, specifically in Personal Care, but perhaps from a bit different angle. It's harder for us to see, but just taking what you said about commodities and what we know about pricing, it doesn't look like you've experienced much notable volume deleverage to gross margins this quarter from the weaker volumes, but certainly, the operating margin performance was different. Can you just frame how do you think weaker volumes to the extent that sustains are expected to impact your P&L as you go forward, specifically between the gross and operating margin line. And just connected to that, how you would envision addressing some of the weaker volume performance that we've seen, whether in demand building? Or is it simply that your algorithm will change between pricing and volume such that you're still achieving your overall organic sales growth objectives.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Let me start and maybe Nelson can talk -- give you some more of the texture. But I'll start with -- let me unpack the volume performance, particularly, I think it's probably -- everyone's probably got a question about North American Personal Care. And I'll say our North America team is doing a great job navigating what I would call excess volatility in demand. And really I think we put this in the remarks, consumption remains stable. And so just for reference, Chris, in the third quarter, our all-outlet consumption, which I don't think you see, we were up 4 in diapers on consumption, 9 in adult care and 16 in fem care. And the real fact is, and I mentioned before, the storm that occurred in Texas last January, February, shut us down for a few weeks in early Q1 and created a lot of volatility in shipments.  I'll give you a sense of the volatility. If I go back to the fourth quarter of 2020 and then give you other quarters, just in diapers, our consumption in December of 2020 was -- or the fourth quarter was plus 6. Then we were minus 7 in the first quarter, plus 7, plus 8, plus 18, plus 14 and then plus 6 last quarter. So you could see there's been a lot of movement. And I would say, it took us a while to recover from our supply constraints. You would think that being down for a couple of weeks, there was more of the roll through it because we had material supply issues as well. And so we were on allocation for most of last year. And so what happened in this quarter is you can see our consumption was stable, but we were cycling, I would say, elevated shipments in the year ago period as retailers were rebuilding their inventories following -- being on allocation.  So overall, I feel very good about our offering across Personal Care, as you can see by the consumption numbers. I do expect some ongoing volatility in demand as we continue to work through various supply challenges and cycle some of the things that happened last year. And then in terms of the volume deleverage, yes, certainly, yes, we're -- fixed costs are a big component of our P&L. So we're close to that. Again, I would say I'm not expecting in Personal Care North American ongoing volume issue. This is, I would say, more of a one-timer. And then globally, we feel very good about our volume performance and our elasticities have held up to the model in general. D&E, our volumes were down high single digit. We think most of that was concentrated understandably in Eastern Europe, given the conditions that are happening there. And so overall, I think we're feeling good about our volume performance. But Nelson, you want to give us some more
Nelson Urdaneta : No, absolutely. So a couple of things there that I would highlight, Chris. I mean, one, the pricing realization that we had in the quarter really accelerated. So that's flowing through. And you can see that in the margins, which you rightfully point out. And that is something that we were talking about back in July based on the pricing actions that we had taken midway in the latter part of Q2 and also in Q3. So that's more than helping offset some of the deleverage that you would see on the overall business. Secondly, we begin to lap some of the commodity increases from last year, not that commodities are deflating, but they begin to not be as high in terms of the impact year-on-year. And those two are playing out for us to have for the first time in several quarters, a net pricing -- favorable realization net of commodities and ForEx. That's one thing.  Secondly, if you look at our segments, the only segment where we saw a drop in margins for the quarter was really Personal Care. And that had to do with one, the one-offs that Mike's talked about, and we factored in some of those as we go into Q4, but some of those, we do expect to maintain as we go there. But then secondly was the fact that, yes, we had a little bit of a mix as well in there because North America Personal Care is our most profitable region within the segment in Personal Care. So that factored in into that one, which would have been that. Obviously, we continue to be very watchful of overall costs and fixed costs. And the teams are doing all the actions necessary to ensure we address that.
Christopher Carey : If I could just on just how you would addition addressing some of the volume pressure appreciating that there were certain dynamics in the quarter, which will fade as we go forward because of the base period, but just philosophy on addressing volumes. I know there's been some debate in recent quarters just around what is the right promotional levels and requirements for demand building. So perhaps you could just contextualize how you would look at supporting volumes over a sort of more medium-term horizon?
Mike Hsu: Yes. Chris, again, I feel very good about our commercial execution around the world. I mean we have we had strong innovation this year. I feel great about our line-up for next year even though we're not talking about next year yet. But -- and I think we feel very good about our advertising. Our digital investments are working very hard for us. And then our sales execution has been very, very strong around the world. And so overall, I think our commercial programs overall are working as intended. We're going to keep a close eye on the promotional environment, though.  I'll comment in terms of North America, I would say the environment at this point remains fairly typical, and that's kind of -- it's rebounded from being I would say, more suppressed during the peak years of COVID and is now, I would say, normalized in terms of promotional frequency, may be still a little lower on depth. And frankly, we're not going to drive our business by driving depth. It doesn't fit with our high road approach to building the brand. And so -- but we're prepared.  And one thing I'll add, though, too, is I think we're being prudent in developing the right kind of action plans in the case of a more environment. And so as I mentioned, we're going to -- our strategy is to elevate and premiumize our categories over time. That is exactly the right long-term strategy. And I think that's going to be our strategy for a long time to come. That said, we recognize the environment we're operating in, and we've been very good at running, I would say, more value plays when necessary. But our goal is to make those productive and profitable as well while addressing the needs that the consumers have.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers : And apologies, you may have been talking a little bit about this with Chris. I got called away from the call for a brief second there. But -- just as you march from 3Q to 4Q, it implies, I think, either a lot of SG&A leverage or a really big step-up in gross margin sequentially and year-over-year. And I guess I'm just -- I guess will play that back to you and figure out kind of what the main drivers are? Because I get that the inflation gets a little bit less impactful as you go through Q4, FORCE picks up. But it just seems like you need some other variables to really move the needle as much as I think is implied in the guidance. I just want to play that back to you.
Nelson Urdaneta : Sure. So Steve, I mean, a couple of things I would highlight. I think first, I'd start by reiterating what happened in Q3, and you would have seen an acceleration in overall pricing realization. And as you mentioned, our expectation, which played out in Q3 of the year-over-year impact of commodities beginning to subside even though they remain elevated. So as we look into Q4, our outlook in which there is an implied step up like what we saw in Q3, the drivers behind it would be, first, is around pricing realization. As a reminder, we've implemented additional pricing actions in the third quarter, and those will be fully realized as we go into the fourth quarter. So we do expect in the fourth quarter another step-up in terms of price realization as we look at our overall outlook. So that should be playing out in the quarter.  Secondly, would be on our FORCE productivity savings. In the third quarter, we delivered $80 million of FORCE savings, which is an acceleration of around $30 million versus the average we were delivering in Q1 and in Q2. We expect this trend to continue going into Q4.  And then last but not least, is stabilized input cost inflation. Again, this does not mean that we expect overall cost to come down. It's more of the year-over-year impact. As of today, we have a year-to-date impact of around $1.2 billion in commodities. And at the midpoint of our guidance of $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion for the full year, this would imply that for Q4, we should see another quarter of a reduction sequentially in terms of overall input cost inflation.  So when you combine those three, that's what gives us the building blocks for the continued step-up sequentially quarter-over-quarter on EPS for the fourth quarter. I think it's also important to note that for the full year at the midpoint of our cost guidance, we are at around $1.5 billion of input cost inflation. And as we exit the year, we expect to more than fully offset not just the commodity impact, but also the ForEx based on our current assumptions and what we've modeled out. So that is something that will be playing out in Q4.
Steve Powers: Okay. Yes, that makes sense. That's helpful. I guess the other thing that I wanted to ask about, and I appreciate that '23 is a long way away. You're not really talking about it. But consensus estimates have the company delivering above algorithm EPS growth next year, which I think implies that the price realization that you just spoke to continues to hold even as you get some relief on costs. And I wanted to get your perspective on just your comfort level with that level of assumption as you look at it. And especially in the context of -- I appreciate what you said earlier about sort of the timing impacts in North America and how that impacted shipments. But we are watching those private label shares in Personal Care, specifically diapers pick up. Hopefully, that gets better. But as you push through more price and the consumer potentially degrades from a confidence perspective, concerns about that, those share trends not rebounding. And it just -- it speaks to if the deflationary backdrop does play out next year, do you have to roll back some of this price. So a lot in there, but just really thinking about the consumer demand trends, your pricing trends, net of commodities and just some perspective on your comfort level with consensus being above algo next year?
Mike Hsu: Yes, Steve, maybe my comfort level is probably not comfortable addressing what '23 looks like yet. And I hate to do that. But I think the underlying is because of what we're seeing right now in the marketplace, which is, one, the volatility in the marketplace, which we experienced in Q3 and it's going to continue; and then the other part is we're still rolling out our plans. And so I really feel would love to comment, but I don't feel like in a place where it would be reasonable for us to comment at this point. I don't Nelson, if you have a different...
Nelson Urdaneta : Yes. No, I fully agree, Mike. And as I said to Lauren in terms of her ask, one of the variables that, again, we're looking into today as we build plans and everything is where we stand today. And the reality is commodities have not subsided. They remain pretty elevated, and ForEx is becoming and has become a bit of a challenge as we look forward. We've got 3 months to go for the year, but it's a variable that we're going to have to take into account, Steve, as we look forward, too. So again, too early for us to comment, but those would be kind of my thoughts in terms of where we stand today.
Mike Hsu: Yes. The thing I'll add, Steve, though, is we are continuing to manage our business with discipline, and we remain confident we'll restore our margins over time. I mean as Nelson pointed out, we've taken on over the last two years $3 billion of inflation, that's 1,500 basis points of gross margin, which is a lot. And we've taken decisive action. And the good news is, and we -- for the third quarter, our pricing fully offset inflation plus FX in the quarter. And so we do continue to expect sequential improvement. Commodities also -- as people who have been following us for a long time, commodities will eventually revert. We're not counting on that for our margin recovery. But when that does happen, that will likely accelerate our leverage. So we're taking a thoughtful holistic approach to mitigating inflation and running our business. And hopefully, you all appreciate that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: A couple of real quick housekeeping questions here. For guidance, I appreciate you reiterated EPS, but you didn't provide an update on your EBIT outlook. Can you provide that now? Has it changed at all?
Nelson Urdaneta: No, no. In general, it remains where we're at.
Jason English: Excellent. And then, productivity. You have a nice uptick in the fourth quarter implied by the full year guide here on FORCE savings. What's driving the And would it be unreasonable for us to look at that and assume that, that run rate continues through next year, therefore, implying that what was under delivery this year is going to be followed by over next?
Nelson Urdaneta : Sure. So a quick one there, Jason. As we've said in the past, FORCE is not necessarily a straight line. We've never seen that in the past, and I don't project that that's going to happen in the future, because it builds up over the year, and we do see ups and downs. Because remember, it is a net number. So it does build some of the -- some headwinds and costs that we might be facing. As you indicated, there is a step-up in Q4. And to me, the key to look at is what happened in Q3. In Q3, we delivered $80 million versus an average for Q1 and Q2 that was below $50 million. So the acceleration was there, and we delivered year-to-date $175 million.  We expect to see further delivery in Q4 based on the strong pipeline of productivity that our teams have across the globe. As we look into next year, yes, the teams are building up the gross productivity pipeline, and I'll stress that gross productivity pipeline. And again, we will be walking through the delivery as we go through next year. But I can't -- and I would not commit to whatever run rate we have exiting this year and Q3 being what we see in the first couple of quarters of next year. It's too early to say, Jason.
Mike Hsu: The thing I'll emphasize is, yes, it is a net number. And so our gross productivity has continued to climb. I think our teams are doing really a fantastic job driving the productivity. The issue we have is the inflation isn't just in our inputs. It happens in all places of the P&L. And so some of it, unfortunately, gets nets out. So I could complain teams around their overall nativity, but that's kind of like complaining about like trucking lane rates or -- I mean, we don't like them, but some of that is not in their fully under control. And so we have to navigate that. That's why we have to drive our gross savings higher.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Just a couple of questions. Mike, can also -- if you can elaborate a little bit more on the price elasticity that are embedding in your guidance for 4Q. I understand that, obviously, it implies a huge decline in organic sales. And I do understand the comp for Personal Care. I believe it was 11% last year in the same period. So I was wondering if you can comment, it does look like your pricing at least in the Nielsen data seems a bit below peers. So I was wondering if there is anything embedded there in terms of promotions or -- and part of the also question on promo is your SG&A, is there anything that you'd call out specific in the quarter, if that's recurring into the fourth quarter? And then if there is any phasing or timing of it that you pulled from the fourth into the third? And then lastly, just a clarification on Suzano's deal. Are you getting any proceeds from the sale of Neve and the sale of the Mogi plant? So I was wondering if there is anything related to that or the royalties will pay off over time and you were going to be puts and takes on those on HSC material, so not the companies provided material for you and for Suzano?
Mike Hsu: Okay. All right. That's great list of questions. And so let me try to tackle 1 between Nelson and I will team here. First of all, on the -- I think on the pricing versus peers, I think probably what you're seeing is the fact that we were out fastest generally in pricing in most markets. And so if you're seeing a lag there because we've already started cycling our pricing a year ago. I mean the reality is, I think, in general, we've priced, I would say, very early, we moved very quickly on pricing last year. And I would say we also moved at higher levels than a lot of our competitors. And so -- and the reference for that is -- I think we've had a price gap, meaning we've been ahead on price on Huggies all year until I would say recently, maybe in the last couple of weeks or so.  So overall, I think our pricing is in line with where we set it. And I think the good news, Andrea, is that in general, in most markets, we are seeing the market -- rest of market pricing kind of move generally in the direction that we've moved. That's not the case in all areas and -- but generally, that's kind of my overall take.  In terms of elasticity, I'd say in the first half, I think the volume performance really outdrove the elasticity models. And I think that's where I think the consumers are feeling confident. You remember all the unemployment reports and stimulus and all those other things that were driving consumer confidence. I have seen a change in that in some markets. And so at this point, the elasticities that we're seeing are more "normalized" or what we originally modeled. And so we are seeing a bit more volume come out in relation to all the pricing. That's notable. And I would -- from my earlier comments on maybe the bifurcation, it's coming out a little bit more on more of the value-oriented tiers, let's say, Snug & Dry diapers for us, which is our value tier diaper in the U.S. or Scott 1000. So those are some things that we're going to pay closer attention to and make sure that we're managing the business in the appropriate way to serve our consumers where they need us. So again, that's the overall take. I don't know if -- I know there's a couple of other questions. I think Nelson will address some. But did that answer kind of the first part?
Andrea Teixeira : Yes. No, absolutely. That's super helpful. And the SG&A part, the component of that is just understanding as you try to scaffold and be more kind of conscious about that consumer that is stretched, is there anything that we should know of? Like I think the SG&A -- your GM, gross margin came in, I think, better than anticipated, but your SG&A was a bit higher. Is there anything that we should be aware of in terms of phasing of promo or marketing spend that's -- or is just inflation in general across all lines?
Nelson Urdaneta : Yes. Andrea, let me address that. So first, I think the important thing to look at is spending in absolute dollars for the third quarter for between the lines, which includes our SG&A and our advertising and promotion was roughly in line with what we saw in Q1 and Q2. So there was really not a big step-up or change sequentially throughout the year. The thing that would have -- that you would have seen is an expansion in terms of percent year-over-year in terms of the between lines, and that was really driven largely because of last year's onetime adjustment to incentive compensation, which we talked about at the third quarter earnings call. So that was the lion's share of the change. It was a onetime we were lapping. Absent that, as we've been saying all year long, we are continuing to invest behind the business. It's the right thing to do.  As Mike has said, we are fully committed to sustainable and long-term balanced profitable growth. And the only way to achieve this is to continue to invest in the business. We are investing behind our brands. We're investing behind innovation. We're investing behind capabilities and our people to ensure that we're there to go forward. Those investments are there, and we've continued to make them, but there was no particular step-up in Q3 versus Q2 or Q1.
Andrea Teixeira : Okay. That's fair, thank you. And on the Suzano deal?
Mike Hsu: Yes. I'll let me make a couple of comments, not exactly your question, but I did want to address a couple of things related to the resulted tissue agreement. Overall, Andrea, hopefully, you'll recognize it's consistent with our overall approach that we've been talking about on portfolio management. I really believe we have a long runway of growth ahead of us in our categories and our markets. And we're going to pursue on the plus side, markets and adjacencies that are going to be accretive to our growth in margin. And I've always said for a few years now that we'll consider exits in businesses that are not accretive to our growth and/or margin profile that we expect. So this transaction specifically enables us to focus on our faster-growing, higher-margin Personal Care business in Brazil and creates a better future for both the Neve brand and the tissue business -- the Brazilian tissue business. The Neve business in combination with Suzano is really going to be better positioned to adapt to the unique dynamics of the local market. And we fully expect our partnership -- strong partnership with Suzano to continue well. I'll defer to Nelson. I don't think we're ready to comment on any specifics related to the transaction and...
Nelson Urdaneta : Yes. No, absolutely. And again, the only thing I would say is overall revenue from this -- from the transaction that's being divested is just around the 1% level, and profits are immaterial. So -- but other than that, we're not going to be disclosing any terms at this stage.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anna Lizzul of Bank of America.
Anna Lizzul: Just regarding the consumer sensitivity to pricing at this point. I wanted to follow up on your comment on consumer bifurcation. Are you seeing premiumization holding up well in certain categories versus consumers and others? And -- are you seeing any specific products holding up well, which indicate consumers are willing to continue to pay for premium solutions despite a more challenging inflationary environment.
Mike Hsu: Yes, I would say -- and it's less differences by category. I would say, in general, where we're driving premiumization is generally working across markets. And so not specific there. I think it is more typically by sub-brand or sub-line or what we might call internally our tiers, right? Like the value tiers tend to be a little bit more price sensitive in this environment because, as I was mentioning earlier, there are a significant number of households, let's say, in the U.S. that are -- have less to spend now given all the inflation that's occurred over the last couple of years or so. So I think it's more on a sub-brand basis or a tier basis in our vernacular -- and that's where I say, working to continue to drive our premiumization strategy or creating more value through our premium products. We feel great about our innovation line-up this year. As I mentioned, we've got a lot of more coming next year with great features that I think consumers are really going to like.  That said, we're also making the right adjustments as we said earlier, that to prepare for a recessionary footing if needed. And that means that emphasizing the great value that our brands offer. And in some cases, we will make some adjustments, whether that's related to pack count or sizing or something along those lines to make sure that consumers have the right pack and affordability that they need.
Anna Lizzul: Great. Any specific product lines you can call out as seeing resilience in those?
Mike Hsu: Well, Huggies. Again, I think we feel great about our diaper line up, our adult care line-up in North America. But if you go around diapers, China, we continue to have mid- to high single-digit growth, double-digit growth in feminine care. And so we feel good about that. Latin America, where consumers are very value-oriented because of what's happening in the economy the last few years and our organic performance was up strong double digits in the quarter. So overall, across our markets, we saw strong organic growth, and that's because we feel that we've continued to improve the products. At the same time, we are recognizing that we are taking price to offset the commodity headwinds.
Operator: Our next question comes from Javier Escalante of Evercore
Javier Escalante : I would like to come back to the U.S. And if you can, Mike, comment on how you see retailers approaching pricing and the profitability of their own private label operations in tissue versus diapers? And I have a follow-up.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Javier, welcome to our coverage, and we appreciate it. And this is something I've talked about over the years. We have a very productive and collaborative relationship with our retail partners. And I've been doing this for 30 years and been through many cycles. And so we approach it and notably, let's say, in the U.S. I think the big change that occurred for us at over the last 10 years is we recognize we had to clean up our own house. We've been very focused on growing the categories and working with our retail partners to grow the categories the right way I mean we're really proud to note that in the survey for the first time, we were rated #1 as a customer organization and #1 across most disciplines because I think our customers' view that we've been working with them in a partner-like fashion. Funny aside, I will say, in the first quarter of last year, I think our service levels in diapers was below -- far below 50%, and somehow in other of these publications rated us #1 on logistics last year. And so I think that does reflect kind of the way we work with them.  And so when you take that, I would say, we generally approach business planning with our customers on a growth basis for both their sales growth and their profit growth, and we pay attention to their margins as much as we pay attention to ours. And so for us, we're working for win-wins. And so I wouldn't say regarding, let's say, for your question, whether it's diapers or private label, anything different that we're seeing in terms of the profit play of them trying to change distribution or emphasize different lines. But we are very cognizant that we're trying to deliver an overall category growth plan and own our part of that. And because of that, that's kind of how we manage the plan.  And so -- and then with regard to price sensitivity, yes, I mean there's been a lot of price coming at it. We have a fair number of customers that skew more toward value shoppers and that's their role to -- in their minds, serve the shopper as well, and so we understand that. And so we're willing to work with them. But we recognize also there has been a lot of price in the marketplace at a necessity. And so the important thing is we feel like we have to recover they recognize that they need to deliver margins and growth the same way that we do. And so we're going to continually work for ways to find the win-win and grow the categories the right way.
Javier Escalante: That's great to know. And then basically, Mike, again, on tissue versus diapers, you feel I mean, from the outside, that Scott is very clearly positioned on the value side. Huggies has been premium and I appreciate that you mentioned that I believe a competitor just follow price increases and that we do not have an all-channel view. But if you can walk again on the drivers of your confidence that Huggies didn't take too much pricing and you are competitive on the pricing front vis-a-vis your main branded competitor and private label because in our data, we do not see private label following price increases
Mike Hsu: Yes. Huggies, I wouldn't say -- again, I would -- correct, we've priced, as I said, our goal is to restore margins and eventually expand margins over time. So we've priced accordingly with the right discipline and we're very cognizant of our product offering and our line-up and our commercial programming. And one of the reasons we've priced is that -- and I think we've talked about this with our customers is we feel like it's our role to help grow the category and drive category growth, and that requires marketing. I've worked in other categories that when they pulled back the categories commoditized, and that's not a good place for brands. And so we've been very disciplined about that.  So what I did say is that we felt like we had a price gap or we advanced pricing further and faster than some of our other competitors earlier this year, and last year as well. And so there was a bit of a gap. That gap is now -- I think that's basically closed over the last few weeks. And so -- so we would probably see -- anticipate slightly better performance on Huggies. And again, we feel very good about our innovation line-up, the value we're offering to consumers. We are going to pay a little more attention to Snug & Dry, which, Javier, is our value tier in the U.S. And so make sure that, that has the right accounts and the right price points on shelf that can compete effectively.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney of Consumer Edge.
Jonathan Feeney : Just for a quick follow-up. Earlier in the call, you mentioned that you thought promotional activity was back to something like normal, let's say, pre-COVID normal. And I look at -- the data providers, Nielsen IRI have this measure of merchandising that would seem to indicate across the company in the U.S. anyway that that merchandise was still several points. So it's like mid-30s, but the measure they use, and now it's like high 20s or something that it off a low of like 20% when at the peak of demand. So any comment you can give us about the likely shape of that and impact restored promotional activity might have on demand?  And secondly -- that's a follow-up. And secondly, related question maybe. Procter talked last week about household inventory. And I know different companies have different ways of measuring that. Earlier, you mentioned something about all channel consumption. I'm thinking that's still a takeaway data -- measure. But if you have any color about where you think household inventory stand U.S., globally and what impact that's having on potential future demand in '23. Appreciate it.
Mike Hsu: Yes. So a couple of things in there. I mean -- and I would say, well, if you go into Nielsen and longer, but I used to be the highest user of Nielsen throughout my career. So there are so many variables that are related to promotional -- measuring promotion. And so -- so what I said earlier, Jonathan, was frequency kind of returned to normal in tissue probably in 2020, the third quarter were -- but maybe by the end of last year. And then in Personal Care, I would say, at the beginning of this year, and that's in terms of frequency. The volume -- and I would say the other key measure is depth. And I would say depth is shallower both in Personal Care and tissue than it historically had been and remains so. And I think that's an artifact of all the inflation that all the companies are seeing. And then if you look at the percent of volumes sold on promotion, it's a little bit lower, right, slightly lower, which is, I think, corresponds to what you were looking at. So overall, that's why I say I put promotion "normalized" but it's probably still a little bit lower than historical at this point. So that was, I think, part 1. And then any follow-up to that, Jonathan?
Jonathan Feeney : No, that makes a lot of sense to me. I also confess to spending way too much time with syndicated data. So it's nice to have a
Mike Hsu: No, no. I'm proud. I feel like I invented half of these measures. So -- but...
Jonathan Feeney : You probably did.
Mike Hsu: The other side that you asked about was inventories. I mean there's a couple of points. Certainly, I mentioned earlier, we are cycling some retailer inventory build back. And at the same time, and I think we mentioned in our prepared remarks, there was some retail inventory reductions late in the quarter. And so that was a topic that came up at the last investment conference that I was at. And so that remains out there. And I would say that it's typically the case. Every other year or maybe every year retail inventory changes, and that's part of what we get paid to manage on.  In terms of the household inventories, we think they've reverted back to normal. There was -- and really where it was really relevant was on Consumer Tissue, there was quite the build-up, I would say, self critically, I don't know that we were very good at predicting how the household inventories were going to evolve. But I think over the past years, and there was a lot of volatility in the tissue demand. I think in the second quarter of 2020, I think our tissue demand was up -- fac tissue was up 30%. And then a year later, it was down 27%. So again, fac tissue historically is very stable and goes with -- certainly, volume growth goes with highly correlated to population growth. At this point, we feel like it has reverted back to normalized levels. But it might be fair to say that there's a lot of people carrying more fac tissue than they were three years ago.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman of Barclays. 
Lauren Lieberman: I'm back. It's okay. I can let it go to -- I'll follow up offline. Thank you.
Mike Hsu: No, were good. 
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. Then I guess, we've come in a couple of different ways through different series of questions and so on. But I guess, how do you think about volume versus pricing versus market share? Because I think one thing that I get asked about quite a bit with regard to your business, in particular, is sort of, hey, but don't you see private label dot-dot-dot. And my read is that, yes, that's a dynamic of your categories. It always is in economic cycles. It's what you -- it's what you'd expect to happen, is it private label would gain some share there be some change in consumer behavior. So I don't know how you would -- could answer this. But as you look at how to manage through the continued high levels of inflation as you put in the incremental pricing that you mentioned this quarter, is market share the right gauge for you to judge kind of the health of the business at this point? Is it aggregate organic sales growth? What are the metrics by with you gauge if you've gone too far or not gone far enough?
Mike Hsu: Lauren, such an awesome question.
Lauren Lieberman: Well, then, I'm glad we waited.
Mike Hsu: This is the age-old problem of management in the consumer business. And that's why it goes back to what we've been saying for years now. We remain committed to delivering balanced and sustainable growth for our shareholders. And so -- and it's been interesting as we've unpacked this for the organization because they're like, what do you mean by balance is sustainable? Well, the key things we're managing against organic growth, profit growth, market share and cash. And so those are the four things.  And I would say internally, a lot of the organization used to look to this role to decide what we're going to prioritize. But again, when I say balanced, I want all four of those metrics to go in the right direction. I think -- so we're taking what I would say are high road actions to position the company to grow for the long term sustainably. And right now, given the -- I would say, the supply shocks or the input cost shocks that we've taken on in the last three years, as I mentioned before, 1,500 -- the equivalent of 1,500 basis points of gross margin, margin improvement right now this year remains my top priority. I'm confident we'll return to pre-pandemic levels, and we're making progress as in the Q3.  But at the same time, we're not going to harvest the business to do that. And so at the same time, we're still watching shares. But we recognize that when we moved to both in terms of pace and level, we were out ahead of the rest of the market for a period of time. And so we recognized that we were going to leak a little share. But in our sense, I think that was the necessary trade-off to make sure that we can get the margin recovery. That said, at the same time, we continue to invest in innovation. We can do to support our brands with great marketing. I think our marketing has gotten better and our digital has gotten better. And so we're really proud of that. And so that's what we're trying to walk the fine line.  I mean I'm very encouraged that we're up and even insure in about half of our markets. It's a little bit lower than we experienced in 2020, 2021, where we were up in 2/3. I would say we're really proud of that, but we also recognize our competitors are pretty good, too. And so we can't expect that every year. And so if you get the sense, it's a complex trade, but it's something I feel like our organization has really stepped up to and they know what we're trying to do. And we're doing the margin recovery, but we're paying close attention of shares as well. So that was a long reply. I don't know if I answered anything that you asked.
Operator: And at this time, it appears we have no further questions. I'll turn it back to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thank you all for joining. We look forward to sharing our fourth quarter and full year results with you in January.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience in holding. We now have your presenters in conference. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to introduce today's first presenter, Taryn Miller. Please go ahead.
Taryn Miller: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Mike Hsu, our Chairman and CEO; and Nelson Urdaneta, our CFO. Earlier this morning, we issued our earnings news release and published prepared remarks from Mike and Nelson that summarize our second quarter results and 2022 outlook. Both documents are available in the Investors section of our website. In just a moment, Mike will share opening comments and then we'll take your questions.  During this call, we may make forward-looking statements. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K and the second quarter 10-Q for further discussion of forward-looking statements. We may also refer to adjusted results and outlook. Both exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. The release has further information about these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Michael Hsu: Okay. Thank you, Taryn. Good morning, everyone. I'm proud of our team's execution as we closed our first half with 9% organic sales growth in the second quarter. We delivered robust gains in all segments, our growth strategy is working, and our teams are executing with excellence in what continues to be a volatile operating environment.  Clearly, our results reflect this ongoing volatility. For the year, we're now anticipating $300 million of additional input cost inflation. We remain committed to recovering and eventually expanding our margins and thus, we've taken further action to realize additional pricing and cost savings to mitigate these headwinds. We continue to expect pricing and cost savings to fully offset the effects of inflation over time.  Based on the strength of our top line, we're raising our full year organic sales outlook to increase 5% to 7%. We're maintaining our adjusted EPS guidance. However, based on current conditions, including our updated input cost outlook, we now expect to be in the lower end of that EPS range. We'll continue to manage our business with discipline as we navigate near-term headwinds. Based on the pace and breadth of our pricing actions, we anticipate some volume impact over the balance of the year. Still, we're encouraged by the overall health of our categories and our brands. Our brands remain essential.  We also know consumers are seeking greater value and we'll continue to sharpen our offering to enhance our market position. We remain committed to delivering balanced and sustainable growth. In the near term, we're taking necessary action to recover margins. We're also continuing to invest in our brands to enable us to grow sustainably now and for the long term. Now we'd like to address your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: So first, just a couple of clarity questions. The increase in your full year organic sales growth guidance for 2022, is that driven by higher pricing or a higher volume assumption? And then second, with the $300 million in higher cost pressures now expected for the full year, you obviously mentioned a combination of pricing and cost savings to help offset that.  Can you just be a bit more specific if you're planning additional price increases, specifically in the back half of the year? Does that offset a good amount of the cost pressures? How should we sort of think about the pricing outlook changing in response to the cost outlook, specifically in the back half of the year?
Michael Hsu: Yes. Thanks, Dara. I'll start and maybe Nelson can provide some additional color. But overall, I think the organic outlook and the increase in the outlook reflects both volume and price. Overall, we feel like our pricing execution is going very well. We are driving the realization. You can see it in the numbers.  But the second part of it is also the volume is holding up a little bit better than we originally planned. And I think that reflects, one, what we said before, which is resilience in the consumer overall but also the strength of our brands. And we feel really great about the commercial execution that we have around the world. And that includes launches of innovation, improvements in product quality, our digital marketing programs, the execution we're driving at shelf. And so overall, that's still working despite the necessity for us to price our products to recover the costs and the margins.  So overall, I'd say it's a pretty good balance of both volume and price on the organic outlook. And then on the cost front, yes, we're going to need it. We have taken additional pricing actions and that's globally. And we've taken a few actions since the beginning of the year. Actually, we announced another action in North America just last week. And so we continue to execute.  And again, overall, philosophically, I've said in the past, Dara, that we expect pricing to generally offset the effects of inflation over time. It gets tougher as the increases come toward the middle or end of the year to kind of catch up to it. But again, we are expecting our teams to be able to offset inflation over the long term. Nelson, do you have something to add?
Nelson Urdaneta: Absolutely. And I would add, Dara, a couple of things there as well. I mean, one, yes, as Mike said, I mean, pricing is one of the key levers as we're seeking to offset the pricing pressures that we're having. But also, we got to keep in mind our cost savings FORCE program, which will accelerate as we go into the second half. So the combination of those 2 will help us offset as we exit the year that bit.
Dara Mohsenian: Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe taking a step back and thinking about the broader pricing environment in general, geographically. First, just in the U.S., there's obviously been some very public margin pressures that are playing out at some of your larger retailer partners. There's worries about consumer pressure points and macros. You mentioned internally, the historical pricing has gone well. The volume elasticity has been limited.  But have you seen any change in retailers' receptivity in the U.S. to pricing, given some of the dynamics I mentioned earlier? Does that sort of require a more judicious approach to pricing on your part in the U.S. specifically? And then second, just in some of your key emerging markets, maybe you can give us an update on consumer demand elasticity there to higher pricing and what you're seeing from a competitive standpoint.
Michael Hsu: Yes. Great questions, Dara. A couple of things. And you and I have talked about this in the past. I'd say that retailer behavior is -- I know there's a lot being said out there. I find it to be consistent with what it's been historically over my 30 years of working in this industry. And I think it starts with the fact that I think we've learned over time, our interests are generally aligned. I mean -- and what do I mean by that?  And one is we're both after the long-term growth of our categories, right? We jointly run these categories together. For them, it's in their store and for us, it is our business overall. But we're after kind of long-term sustainable growth. And that's one big thing. Second big thing we're after is delivering consumers a great value. And that comes in many different ways. In some ways, that comes with solid price points that reflect the value consumers are seeking. In a lot of ways, especially in our categories, it reflects -- it means the right kind of innovation on product quality that delivers to consumers the benefits that they're seeking.  And so I think with those 2 foundational points, we are sensitive to the pricing. But we also do both -- I'd say, on both sides, I understand that we need to be able to profitably grow over the long term. And so again, we're sensitive to the pressure that's out there. We read the similar news reports. We've had the discussions with our customers, and we have been taking price. But we are doing it, I would say, thoughtfully and planfully. So maybe that's part one.  And then on the D&E question, yes, I think overall price -- the pricing and volume strength really reflects the consumer resilience and the essential nature of our categories overall. I would say, Dara, that consumers appear to be somewhat more resilient in developed markets. Our performance, high single, low double-digit growth across all of our developed markets, multiple share point growth -- multi-point share growth in most of our developed markets.  I think we have seen some price lagging in D&E from competitors. And so our shares have softened a bit in D&E. And while we have been driving price, we recognize that we've advanced pricing maybe further and faster than some of the competition. So we're going to have to continue to monitor that situation closely.  The other thing that we're seeing a little bit more in D&E than we are in developed markets is a bit more trade-down. I wouldn't say significantly more but there is a difference there. And I think I've talked about this in past calls. In Latin America, we have a leading -- the leading value offering and the leading premium offering. And we're really glad we have the breadth of that scope because that allows us to pivot our business appropriately when the consumers are looking for that. So overall, we feel good about where we stand. We are watching price gaps in D&E, a little bit in North America as well and we're sensitive to that.
Operator: Our next question will come from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: So just following actually on that thread around some sensitivity and watching for trade-down and the mention of the portfolio breadth you have in Latin America. I was curious on what, if anything, you are doing in terms of shelf sets, merchandising of the more value or mid-tier products in the portfolio versus the premium end. Are there things that you are doing proactively rather than reactively to shift the mix of what you are supporting? And if not, why not? Because your categories do, over time, tend to feature on the higher end of the list of those that can see trade-down and be more sensitive not in terms of overall consumption but rather what is being consumed.
Michael Hsu: Yes. Great point, Lauren. And this point, we have discussed this in the past, and I'd say yes, particularly in D&E, you're seeing student bodies shift to the left, right? And we shifted to the right just a few years ago. And I think I talked -- a couple of years ago, we were a highly developed value business and a very small premium business. And this is maybe about 3 or 4 years ago, we were down. And there was a big shift to premiumize. At that point, I think the market was receptive to that.  So we made a lot of progress, all the things you talk about, the appropriate pack counts, the improvements in product quality, the merchandising and everything else. And so we made a huge shift in terms of our premium mix in a market like Brazil. That said, 2 years ago, when the economy started softening, we started shifting back. And we're glad we did. And that yielded us, last year, the leading position in both value and the leading position in premium. We feel great about that.  And those are all the tactics that play out for us not just in developing and emerging markets, but we do that in developed markets as well. And you're absolutely right. And we think, again, our broad portfolio of premium through value offering enables us to flex with demand. And as I point out in the near term, we are prioritizing margin recovery and so our pricing has advanced. And so we are watching the price gaps, and we'll make the appropriate adjustments as we go through the year.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, great. And then on the cost savings, as Nelson, you mentioned, there's significant -- it looks like there'll be more FORCE savings in the back half of the year. And just knowing that not just for Kimberly-Clark but for many of your peers in the industry, getting at productivity has been pretty tough in this environment, whether it's asking suppliers for better pricing, whether it's getting into the plants and working on putting in place new cost savings, mechanisms or projects. So I was curious, frankly, a degree of confidence in that acceleration. What is it that you expect to change that should allow for you to see greater FORCE savings in the back half of the year?
Nelson Urdaneta: Sure, Lauren. So I'd start by reminding us that FORCE isn't necessarily a straight line. I mean, it tends to build throughout the year and that's kind of our historical trend. In particular, for H1 of this year, I mean, we continued to drive solid savings from our productivity initiatives on a gross basis. But these savings were somewhat offset by some of the cost headwinds that we've been facing, particularly in North America, as we've been investing heavily over the last couple of quarters to improve overall service levels, which we're pretty pleased that we're getting back to more normal levels as we exited Q2.  So having said that, as we go into the second half, I'd say a couple of things. We're going to have some of these incremental expenses behind us or largely behind us. And then secondly, we're going to have the pipeline, which is pretty strong at this stage, come through. So overall, that gives us the confidence of seeing around a little over $200 million of delivery in FORCE as we go into the second half.
Operator: Our next question will come from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: First one for Nelson. Just kind of taking a step back, I would be interested to get your early impressions and perhaps maybe your 2 to 3 biggest priorities over the course of the year to ensure a smooth transition. Maria was, of course, very well thought of, but a fresh perspective can always bring to bear some new ideas and potentially some opportunities for shareholders. So I think your early observations would be helpful. And then I'd like to pivot to the cost outlook.
Nelson Urdaneta: Sure. So Kevin, I mean, overall, a few things I would highlight. I mean, I'm pretty impressed by the team and the resilience of the team and the focus and the priorities and the strategic imperatives. I've been able to see that as I've been getting out there in the field and working through all the difficulties and challenges that we've been seeing. I think it's a very resilient organization. And there's very strong capability and muscle that's been built, which has allowed us to deliver the kind of results we're delivering as of the first half of the year in Q2.  Secondly, I mean, one of my key priorities working with the team is to continue to push forward on the margin recovery. I mean, this is something that is critical for us and we're very focused on it from all angles. And we're going to do it in a smart way. We will continue to invest in the business. That is something that we've done in the first half of the year, and we've got to keep doing that because that's what will allow us to drive forward a sustainable, profitable growth as we progress.  So overall, I'd say those are my key priorities at this moment. In terms of capital allocation and other elements, I don't have a different opinion versus where we're at today. I believe those are the right buckets where I stand today. And as we progress over the plans and what we've got for the future years, I mean, I'll -- we will come back with what we've got.
Kevin Grundy: Got it. The quick follow-up is maybe just sort of go through your commodity exposures around energy, packaging, et cetera. Walk through your updated assumptions for us. What's driving the worst outlook there from a commodity perspective? And then relatedly to that, just your view on level of conservatism in the guidance. I think it's obviously been an extraordinary environment, so it's not necessarily fatigue as much as sort of an observation just in terms of maybe a greater level of conservatism to offset what continues to be a volatile environment. So kind of two parts there on the guidance. I'll pass it on after that.
Nelson Urdaneta: Sure. So first, I mean, to cover the -- to give you a walk-through of the commodity update that we've got right now. And so as we pointed out in the remarks, I mean, we are calling now for the year a range of $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion. At the midpoint, it's $1.5 billion. This is an increase of $300 million.  And what we're seeing is really first on fiber. Fiber, we're hitting all-time highs in Yook. As we exited June, we saw sequential growth in prices for Yook through the month of June, hit historical high in June. We're also seeing, in other pulp grades, elevated prices, and that's one of the key drivers behind what we're calling. Secondly, it's energy. If we think about energy and natural gas, in particular, we've seen in Europe a 10x versus a year ago in prices. And in our Western European U.K. business, which has a sizable tissue business, it is energy-intensive and that's bearing in kind of what we're projecting at this stage.  And then the other one is distribution costs. Overall, we're seeing distribution costs also increase. And I'd say this is more largely on the international side of the house, and this is reflecting and bearing on what we're showing in terms of our expectations at the midpoint of our guidance for costs.  A green shoot or a benefit we're beginning to see is in resins. I mean, that's probably the only big element within our cost bucket that we're beginning to see prices to come down on a sequential basis. And again, this is the one I'd highlight as I look at it. Overall, I'd like to -- I think it's also important to highlight that in a 2-year stack, we're staring at a $3 billion overall incremental cost, which is north of 1,500 basis points of margin that we're taking a hit as a business in 24 months. So it's quite sizable that we're managing through.  And then that takes me to your point around conservatism on the guidance. The first thing is we -- overall, in the bottom line and the EPS, we've made our best estimate based on what we're seeing today and what's playing out in the market. We've also taken into account all of the cost-saving initiatives, as I just talked about before, FORCE, and that's embedded in what we have here. And then lastly, it's also our pricing. We were very encouraged by how our pricing came through. Our teams did pretty well in terms of executing the pricing in the second quarter, which sequentially was much better than what we had in the first quarter. And that's the other element that would bear in how we would see the second half playing out.
Michael Hsu: I'll just pipe in there, Kevin. I'd say on the guide -- and it's tougher since Nelson's still brand new, he doesn't have a calibration of how we add or at what kind of relative. But I'd probably say for the rest of our outlook, we feel confident that we're in that range. It is at the lower end of the range at this point. We feel that it's more likely to be in the lower end of the range.  I would say there's two probably big puts and takes, though. On the one end, there's one wildcard, which is additional input cost volatility. And so we're calling it based on what the input cost that Nelson just kind of talked about, right? So that's one big thing. And so that could shift up or down, right? And then the other wildcard probably is the volume side. And again, I think we have said that the volumes have come in slightly better than our original expectation, given all the pricing that we've taken.  We could do a touch better in the second half but that remains to be seen. There's been a lot going on in our volumes with cycling a winter storm in North America, COVID in and out, lockdown and all that. And so it's a little bit tough to call. But again, I'd say we feel like we're calling it down the middle here and we feel confident we're in the range.
Operator: Our next question will come from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities.
Christopher Carey: Nelson, you commented on margins being a key focus of yours going forward. In KCP, we saw some sequential deterioration there, again despite the top line. I was wondering if you can give some insights on to what you think is needed based on your early analysis of the business there to return to historically what is more of a mid- to high teens margins or whether that target even looks realistic anymore.
Nelson Urdaneta: Sure, Chris. And yes, absolutely, our targets and the way I've been looking at it are mid, long-term target margins for KCP remains unchanged at the high teens. I mean, we are aiming for that and we will get back. The plans are in place. I think it's important to recall that our KCP business has been the most impacted by COVID, I mean, including the reduced travel, the shift to remote hybrid work, and that's been bearing on the business.  The business has continued to recover with high single-digit top line growth, and washroom sales are already over 90% of pre-pandemic levels. In fact, in North America, it's even at the very high end. We're almost there in full-time -- full recovery. However, margins, as you said, I mean, did slide for Q2 a bit. But this was really a combination of 2 factors: one, we had the acceleration in commodities. Lots have been impacting tissue, which hit us in Q2. And then it's the timing of the pricing. I mean, we enacted pricing in Europe. North America went into effect in May, late May.  And I think it's important to highlight that on a sequential basis within the quarter, we actually saw an acceleration in gross margins in June. So this is really pointing to as the pricing is landing, we're seeing that the margins are recovering already in the latter part of the quarter, and we expect this to continue as we head into Q3 and Q4.  Also, as we go into the second half of the year and based on our current assumptions and what we know, we do expect the impact from commodities to tone down in the second half of the year versus what we saw in the first half of the year, even with the incremental costs that we've put in place.  The other bit is also important and I talked about it in productivity. The team has been focused very much in terms of rightsizing, managing the business and doing it the right way. There is a strong pipeline of productivity that should be coming through. And again, I remain encouraged by what the team is doing and our commitment to getting the business back to the high teens and where it's been in the past.
Michael Hsu: Yes. I'll just tag on there, Chris. KCP is a great business for us, and I believe it remains a great growth opportunity for us overall. We are cycling demand volatility in the near term. But that professional market globally is big, it's fragmented and it's got a lot of underserved segments.  There's been a lot of noise in our demand because we've got a couple of things going on. Washroom is recovering. But because of COVID spikes and everything else, we're lapping big increases in PPE and gloves in the year-ago period and also our other parts of our safety business and wipers, right? So there's a lot of things going on. But overall, we still think there's a great growth opportunity.  I do think, if you look at offices, where we are a little -- have a bit more exposure, that business is probably not going to come all the way back to where it is. I don't think everybody is going back to work full-time 100% in office. And so that's going to change. But our attitude is, well, that's the base and we got to grow from there. And there's still a lot of opportunities for us to innovate and to serve our end users in a better way.
Christopher Carey: That's very helpful. I just have a couple of questions on Europe and I'll jump back in. Just in the personal care business, it's the first quarter in a while, maybe 5 years, excluding the Texas storms, where volumes have gone negative. But it looks to be happening all almost entirely in Eastern Europe within the overall global personal care business. Can you just comment on what's going on in that market specifically and whether you think that headwind could persist here? And then just secondly, on the cost side in Western Europe, Nelson mentioned tissue businesses being very energy-intensive. Comment well taken. Just with natural gas availability looking like it could get even worse, given some news this week, can you maybe just talk about how you're framing or preparing for potential risk of force majeure because of lack of energy or paying any surcharges to procure low availability of natural gas? Just these types of situations seem to be coming ahead, so just curious your thoughts there.
Michael Hsu: Chris, maybe I'll start on the personal care and then maybe Nelson can cover a little bit on the energy and the supply side. But overall, D&E, again, very strong price execution in the quarter, 8% organic. I think we are paying a little bit closer attention to the volumes because they are a little softer in our market shares across D&E. The majority or the bulk of the volume impact in D&E was Eastern Europe. And really, Chris, it's as straightforward as it's the effects of the war and the impact on Russia and the impact on Ukraine.  And so we are still operating well under those circumstances. But as you can imagine, the circumstances are pretty challenging. We remain operational across the region, including in Ukraine and building our business back in Ukraine. Organic is down low double digits as we curtailed operations in Russia. And we're actively building the business back in Ukraine, but we are actively and proactively compliant with all the sanction activity. And that obviously takes -- it has a bit of a volume impact on the business. So I don't know if that, Chris, addresses kind of what you're asking on the volume side.
Christopher Carey: Yes, that was very helpful.
Nelson Urdaneta: Right. And then to address the energy question, Chris, I mean, a couple of things. I mean, one, as we all know, the energy situation in Europe is pretty dynamic. And yes, the all-natural gas situation is something we're staying on top and developing contingency plans as we speak, and the team is really working thoroughly through it. We don't have details to share today but our teams are really on it and it is a priority for us. I will highlight, I mean, in Germany, we only have one factory. So again, it's not like we have a concentrated risk just in one of the key markets where this could be one of the biggest challenges at this point.
Michael Hsu: Yes. The thing I'll tack on there though, Chris, in Western Europe, again, the operating conditions remain very challenging and volatile. I would say that our pricing and the volume and the organic was up low double digits, with price up double digits and volume up high single digits. So again, that's a developed market. I think the consumer is proving to be resilient. Our teams are doing a terrific job executing in what you're -- I'm sure you're familiar with being a very challenging environment. So again, we're paying close attention and the team is doing a very good job running in a tough environment.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Stephen Powers: Sorry. Thanks, I was on mute there. So I guess, just maybe you could build a little bit on the costs just to clean it up a little bit. So given where we are in the year, natural timing lags in the supply chain, your hedge positions, I guess my inclination is to say that your line of sight to the $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion in higher cost is now fairly well locked in. Is that the case? Or is it more that you still see realistic risk that the $1.4 billion, $1.6 billion could still shift around if we saw further cost volatility? And if so, is it the energy bucket that's the biggest swing factor? Or is it equal across energy and pulp and distribution?
Michael Hsu: Yes, I might say locked-in is an interesting term because some of our biggest commodities, there's not a traded market for. Yes. That's the issue.
Nelson Urdaneta: Right. So yes, so the thing there is there's not -- I mean, some of our key commodities are not as liquid as we'd have in the CME. So the reality is not all of this is locked in today. I think one of the important things to highlight is right now, based on where we're at and at the $1.5 billion midpoint, our forecast would call for $875 million already hit us in the first half and then $625 million would hit us in the second half based on what we know today, Steve.  Again, there's moving pieces. I mean, we do expect fiber to remain elevated based on what's out there and what's public. You can see it in the indices. And we would expect some easing as we go into the back half, Q4 of the year on the fiber side. That's what we're projecting at this moment. But again, it's a moving situation overall.
Stephen Powers: Okay, okay. And so just -- so as you -- well, I guess that means that as your contract -- my impression is your contract for the next year on things like pulp and fiber, disproportionately, there's a contracting season. So your -- at this point, you're hoping for expecting some relief into that contracting season because I'm assuming that current prices are well above where you contracted in '21.
Taryn Miller: Yes, Stephen, maybe I'll jump in here. On the -- we don't -- we do -- we have shared before that we have negotiated material prices. We don't reveal the specifics or disclose the specifics of those contracts. I think what's fair to say or reasonable to assume in the cost outlook, building on what Nelson said, is that again, based on our current assumptions, the fiber prices, we expect to remain elevated in Q3 before easing somewhat in the later part of Q4. I think energy and distribution, particularly international distribution, are the 2 that we're seeing some of the more volatility and we'll look through the balance of the year. And as Nelson said...
Stephen Powers: Yes, that's helpful color. If I can just pivot on a different topic, we've talked a decent amount already at the start about consumers having or being expected to have a sharper focus on value going forward. And I guess maybe you talked about how that manifests in your categories and how you're pivoting to meet the consumer intersection of enhanced value.  I guess, just to get underneath that a bit more, do you see that more in consumer tissue versus personal care? And as you're moving in that direction and theoretically, competitors are moving in that direction, how do you balance the desire to kind of go where the puck's going versus pushing so hard on the value side of things that you actually entice trade-down and kind of create a problem that you might not have had if you and the whole industry had moved in that direction? Just how you think about that balance of going where the consumer is going but not necessarily enticing them to go there.
Michael Hsu: Right. Great push, Steve. I mean, that's exactly the issue. And I think if you -- and when you listen to the earnings call from some of our big customers, I mean, I think they'll say the same thing, which is there is a segment of consumers, let's say, in a developed market like the U.S. that is trading down, but it's not all consumers. There may be a few more consumers that are more price-sensitive in the developing market where there is not the government subsidy in a tough time like COVID in, let's say, in Brazil as much as there was in the U.S. So consumer is a little more affected there. But I think that's right. We do see it across personal care and tissue. Typically in the U.S., in a market like the U.S., what you'll see is maybe the trade-down means maybe not trading the brand out but moving to a smaller count pack, right, to make it more affordable in the short term. And so -- and Lauren mentioned it earlier.  So there's a host of moves that we make in partnership with our customers to kind of shift in merchandise what's appropriate for the consumer. But again, I think we also want to be very cognizant that we don't want to move the whole market that way. And there are plenty of consumers that, I'd say, despite some of the impact of the economy, the affordability in our categories remains strong. And again, they're still looking to trade up.  And we're seeing the growth. It's kind of the old barbell description. We're seeing great growth on the high end as well. And we're continuing to innovate and promote our brands and advertise our brands on the high end. And that's what's rough in driving China. I'd say, again, super strong performance on mix, double-digit organic growth in the quarter against a category that's down multiple share point growth on diapers. And that's all driven by value-added consumer benefits. We've really upgraded our line over the last couple of years and feel great about the technology that we have in all of our key markets.  And I think that's reflected in the momentum that we're seeing, let's say, in diapers when you look at all developed markets. I mean, we have multi-point share gains in our biggest markets. U.S. was up -- Huggies was up 3 points in the U.S. in the quarter. China was up almost 2 points. South Korea, for us, which is our second largest market, was up 4 share points in the quarter.  So again, I think we're skating -- as you say, skating to where the puck is. We want to be able to meet the consumer where they need us to be. And some are still looking for better quality and premiumization, and others are looking for us to extend them a better value and we're doing both.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Congrats on that market share momentum that you just referenced in personal care.
Michael Hsu: Jason, I did want to note though, it's a little more slug -- I mean, we're under our goal because our goal is to be growing share in more than half of our markets. And the last couple of years, we're up in 2/3 of our markets. And so we're a little bit under half, right, just a couple of points under 50%. And so we're watching it closely. Well, we're up in developed. As I mentioned, we're seeing some pricing lagging across D&E, and so our price gaps have widened a little bit. And so we're keeping a close attention to that.
Jason English: I appreciate that flag. And mostly -- so you're actually net lagging a little bit on that side of the business. It certainly seems like you're lagging on the Pro business, too, which I want to come back to. I know you referenced some choppiness in terms of like COVID comps. But even comparing to 2019, I think your volume is down now in the 20s versus high teens before. So we're kind of falling away and eroding versus 2019. Can you -- I appreciate that offices are a component, but it seems like office occupancy sequentially has gotten better, not worse. Why is your volume sequentially getting worse? What's -- can you help us understand what's happening within that business?
Michael Hsu: Yes. A couple of things going on. One, I would say professional demand overall is improving. And so for the quarter, and I don't know if you saw the facts, but the organic was up high single digits overall. North America was up 8% and our D&E was up 6%. The washroom is recovering. I would say, though, there's a big component of pricing in that. So washroom sales were up 30% in the quarter.  And if you add on a dollar basis at 98% of pre-pandemic level, but I would say volumetric, it's still lagging, right? And because we have significant pricing in the last couple of years in Professional, so it reflects significant pricing but the volume is still soft. And again, I think -- as I would say, I don't think all that office demand is coming back in a minute. But that said, that's where our mix has been and we've got to grow from there.  And so we have a great team. We have great innovation. We have strong momentum and our share is up across the washroom business. We have an ICON dispenser which is a home run with end users. We have an improved towel offering. And so we're seeing strong momentum on the business. But I think you're right. I think we've got to build our business back.  The other thing that's amplifying maybe the numbers that you're looking at, Jason, is we are cycling strong pandemic-related volume that was in wipers and PPE. I mean -- and gloves was a very significant seller for us in 2020 and 2021, and that's gone the other way this year. And so we have other effects going on as well.
Jason English: For sure, for sure, which is why I'm trying just to like look at 2019 and look at the volume of that because I appreciate the noise. And back to your comment on some areas where you've got some price gaps that you're trying to manage. Are we at a point where you would expect to start to maybe give some of the pricing back to get a little more promotional juice into the market to try to manage those price gaps? Or is it not meaningful enough to have to start to do some those activities?
Michael Hsu: I wouldn't say that yet. I mean, again, overall, the way I'll say it, Jason, is I'm prioritizing and Nelson is prioritizing margin recovery in the near term. And what I will tell the teams internally, the conversation is like, I'm not after renting hollow share, right? And so I don't really want to jerk our teams back and forth. We're trying to deliver balanced and sustainable growth for the long term. We have to get pricing to improve the margins and restore our margins. That's part one. We want to grow our shares over the long term sustainably over a long term. And so we're going to monitor that. But again, I'm not ready to shift back and forth quite yet.
Operator: Our next question will come from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: So first one for Mike on pricing, and I know we obviously spend a lot of time on this call on this. But can you provide the magnitude of the new pricing announced in the U.S. last week? And if you embedded also more pricing in D&E where you took a pause now, given the elasticity is higher there, or even perhaps in Western Europe where the natural gas prices have been higher?  And one for Nelson and Taryn, a clarification on the cost outlook. Are you using mostly the contracted prices that Taryn mentioned? And then what's floating is based on spot prices because I think she also spoke and Nelson spoke about potentially using some declines ahead on the forward curve. So just making sure that we have the assumptions that you're working with.
Michael Hsu: Okay. I'll start on the pricing, Andrea. Yes. If you track or go with the fact that we expect pricing to offset inflation over time, obviously, we'd like to get as much of that as soon as possible. And so if you looked over the course of the year, some of the pricing or inflation impacts hit outside of the U.S. earlier this year. And then more recently, there have been more impacts in the U.S.  And so I'd say our pricing around the world has kind of followed where the inflation is around the world more directly. We did announce pricing in the U.S. last week. It was typical for what we've done in prior rounds, which is about a mid-single-digit increase. And again, we're still in the early stages of execution on that. And then we've announced similar actions at different times throughout the year in the rest of our markets.
Andrea Teixeira: Of similar magnitude, I'm assuming, or a higher magnitude? I'm assuming that TAM was higher?
Michael Hsu: Yes. I would say Latin America, generally, overall, we're up double digits on price and so significantly higher. That reflects what's going on in the local market there.
Nelson Urdaneta: Okay. And then on the question around what prices are we reflecting in terms of our outlook. I mean, we based it off industry forecast, Andrea. I mean, that's the best view we've got for whatever we haven't covered. So that's there. I mean, and that's what we're seeing and what we will reflect in the forecast at this stage.
Andrea Teixeira: And Nelson, how much does it cover now, would you say, to track these prices and contracted prices? Or how much is floating, how much is saved? What change do you see?
Nelson Urdaneta: Andrea, we don't disclose that bit so we don't get into disclosing that.
Andrea Teixeira: Right. And one last, if I can, on China. And I'm sorry if I missed that. How much was the drag in the quarter for D&E? And what is -- with the reopening, how much has been improving or it hasn't been that big? You continue to be able to service, given that you are more spread than the other players?
Michael Hsu: I'm not sure if I'm understanding the question correctly, but I'm saying -- I would say China was not a drag, it was a star in the quarter. It was up overall double digits in the quarter, and that was based on great diaper technology, great digital execution. Our share was up a couple of points. Organic was up in the mid-teens. And that's against the backdrop of a category that's been down high single digits over the last couple of years.  And that -- what's really driving it is robust balance of volume, mix and price. And so we feel really great about our China business. The team is doing an excellent job executing in a tough market. We were not impacted as much by the COVID lockdowns. I mean, everybody was impacted, but we have a very locally agile team that developed backup options for supply. Incidentally, our manufacturing operations were not in locations that were locked down, and so that may have been a little bit different for us than others. But again, we feel great about our China performance in the quarter.
Andrea Teixeira: Yes. Congrats to the team.
Operator: Our next question will come from Peter Grom with UBS.
Peter Grom: So yes, I just kind of wanted to understand how we should think about the phasing of margin in the back half of the year or specifically how much of that remaining $625 million should hit in 3Q versus 4Q. And then I guess I just -- I appreciate the commentary around margin improvement. But previously, there seems to be some sort of expectation that we could potentially get to margin expansion at some point in the back half of the year. And I know it will take time to fully recover the margin. But based on where things stand today, when do you expect to see kind of margin expansion?
Michael Hsu: Maybe I'll start, Peter. One, I would say, right now, we're prioritizing restoring our margins. I still remain confident that we'll be able to restore our margins and eventually expand our margins over time. I think I said that in January as well, but that was before we had additional -- I don't even know, $800 million of additional inflation in our forecast. And so again -- and I think that my confidence is still high that we'll be able to expand margins over time. But I guess I think the timetable shifts a little bit because there's a bigger nut to crack on that front.
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes. And adding to that, I mean, Peter, a couple of things. One, we did expand gross margins in Q2 by 40 basis points. I mean, we realized significant pricing already versus Q1. So we saw that sequential improvement in Q2. And as we head into the back half, and we don't give guidance on quarterly margins, but we remain confident that based on what we know today, we will continue to expand margins.  I mean, the plans are in place. As a reminder, we will continue to realize pricing. And based on what we've got today and what we saw in Q2, that will play out in the second half. Secondly, we've got our FORCE cost savings, which will accelerate in the back half versus what we saw in the first half, and that's the second component.  And then as you said, there is a more subdued year-over-year impact of the commodities in the back half. So we'll see, as you mentioned, $625 million, which I'm not going to give the breakdown between Q3 and Q4, but we'll see that in the back half versus the $875 million that we saw in the first half. So that gives us the confidence based on what we see, that we will see progressive margin improvement in the second half.
Michael Hsu: Yes. And I feel like, Peter, that our team has made great progress on pricing and margin recovery, even if it may not show up on the operating number. But for the quarter, our pricing didn't offset inflation overall, and I think that was strong progress. Now the additional work for us is, yes, the inflation forecast got bigger for the balance of the year and so we've got to solve that as well.  But overall, we feel good about our progress. We know there's more work to do. We're still confident we'll be able to expand our margins over time. And then in addition, we all know commodities are going to revert and they always do. And when we do that, we're not going to rely on reversion for our margin expansion. But when it does do, it will accelerate our time line.
Peter Grom: That's super helpful. And then I guess maybe following up on that. I wanted to ask about how we should think about pricing and promotion, should we actually reach a deflationary environment. And I know historically, you've kind of held on to pricing as you don't typically price to peak inflation. But I just would be curious, just given the amount of pricing that's been taken over the past year, 1.5 years, and kind of layering in that retail pressure that Dara was alluding to earlier, I mean, what, if anything, do you think could be different this time around?
Michael Hsu: Well, I think, Peter, the big thing is pricing promotion, there's a lot of things going on. But one, you're using it to support the brands. And for me, typically, that would be to support great innovation that you're launching that I find tends to grow the category a little bit more effectively. And what we're really after is overall category growth, and that's what the retailers are after as well. And so for me, pricing and promotion is a component, not an end-all. It's a component of an overall strategy or growth strategy for the business.  That said, there are fixed costs in this industry, and so volume does matter and so there's a tactical application of that. But if you look at the market, I think the input cost levels are so high. While promotion is, I would call it, at typical level, the depths are probably a little shallower than historically they've been. And I think that's reflective of the cost environment that the industry is working in. I don't know if that really addresses what you're asking.
Peter Grom: No, that's helpful. I appreciate it.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over for closing remarks.
Taryn Miller: Great. Thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today on the call, and this will conclude our call for our second quarter earnings release.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's event. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-22 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience in holding. We now have your presenters in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of this mornings short remarks, we will open the floor for questions. At that time, instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow, if you would like to ask a question. It is now my pleasure to introduce today's first presenter, Taryn Miller.
Taryn Miller: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Mike Hsu, our Chairman and CEO; Maria Henry, our CFO; and Nelson Urdaneta, our incoming CFO. Earlier this morning, we issued our earnings news release and published prepared management remarks from Mike and Maria, that summarize our first quarter results and 2022 outlook. Both documents are available in the Investors section of our website. In just a moment, Mike will share opening comments, and then we'll take your questions. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K and the first quarter 10-Q for further discussion of forward-looking statements. We may also refer to adjusted results and outlook. Both exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. The release has further information about these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. Now, I'll turn it over to Mike.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thank you, Taryn. Good morning, everyone. Before we get to your questions, I'd like to comment on our CFO transition and then I'll provide a perspective on our Q1 results. First, I'd like to thank Maria Henry for seven years of outstanding leadership as CFO of Kimberly-Clark. As you saw from our news release, Maria has decided to retire effective September 1. Maria will leave quite a legacy at K-C. She played a key role in design and execution of our strategy, and our strong financial stewardship has positioned us well for the future. I'm grateful for all her contributions and very glad she'll be with us through the summer to ensure a smooth transition. I'd also like to welcome Nelson, our incoming CFO. Nelson brings strong operational and international experience to K-C and I'm looking forward to his leadership. I'm sure you'll enjoy getting to know him as he begins his new role. Now turning to our first quarter. I'm pleased that we started the year with double-digit organic sales growth and strong performance in all segments. Our teams are executing very well during a period of continued volatility and high inflation. Our strong fundamentals provide a solid basis for us to raise our sales outlook for the full year. We're driving growth by building strong commercial capabilities and deploying them with local agility. We're continuing to invest in our business, grow our categories and deliver meaningful value to our consumers. We're continuing to face a dynamic environment. We're being thoughtful with actions to offset macro headwinds, balancing price, volume and market share, while we work to improve our margins over time. 2022 marked K-C's 150th anniversary. Kimberly-Clark was founded on the core principles of quality, service and fair dealing. These principles still reflect who we are and what we stand for today. We're led by our purpose of better care for a better world and we're driven to perform, so we can continue to make a difference in people's lives with the categories we create, the products we make and the consumers we serve. Our purpose-led, performance-driven culture fuels our team every day to drive our growth and deliver long-term shareholder value. Now with that, we'd like to address your questions.
Operator: At this time, we will open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Thanks. Good morning everyone. Maria, again, congratulations. All the best. And Nelson, we look forward to working with you. I wanted to start on the guidance. A couple more tactical questions then, Mike, why don't we start with one, sort of, more strategic. I guess, just given the uncertainty and increasing concerns around the consumer and ability to cope with the higher levels of inflation, number two -- or number one, I guess, are you seeing anything in your markets that gives you any pause about taking additional pricing? Was there any concern about that? Are you seeing any trade down that made you potentially cautious even at this point to raise your organic sales growth outlook? And then I have a couple of follow-ups for Maria. Thanks.
Mike Hsu: No. Well, Kevin, overall -- thanks for the question. Look, two big changes since our January update. I mean, one was, obviously, if you look at our results in the quarter, price realization is -- our execution is very effective right now, and the volume is trending better, I think, than we initially thought. So that's one part. But certainly, as you saw in our release, inflation is significantly worse. And so I would say those two big changes largely offset. I do think our strong top line, Kevin, reflects the essential nature of our categories and the strength of our brands. I mean. we have been working over the last several years to really improve our brand fundamentals with strong innovation, great commercial execution. And as I mentioned in my remarks, we're really proud of our local agility. So I would say, overall, we're cautiously optimistic. Certainly, we recognize at the price levels we're putting into the market, they will create stress on the consumer. And so our approach is we're going to be very thoughtful about balancing growth, margin and share. And we'll be very responsive and agile to the needs in the marketplace. But right now, I'd say the pricing environment has been largely constructive and I think we're on track with what we thought the pricing would do.
Kevin Grundy: Got it. Thanks Mike. And just to play that back. So your -- is it the expectation that the incremental pricing will largely offset the incremental cost pressure? Are you guys at a lower point within your earnings guidance where its not going to entirely -- the additional input costs that you're coping with?
Mike Hsu: Yeah. Well, just as a principal, I would say, generally, I would expect our teams to offset input cost inflation with pricing over time. It may not occur within the year, but over time. And so that's our general principle. Obviously, we'll also deploy cost savings and productivity against that problem as well. But again, that's our overall principle. We have taken further action. We announced a suite of actions at the beginning of the year. And then we've taken further actions since we talked last January. And again, I think our teams have been very responsive to what's happening in the marketplace.
Kevin Grundy: Okay. Ill pass it on and hop back in the queue. Thank you very much for the time.
Mike Hsu: Thanks Kevin.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Mike Hsu: Good morning Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: Thanks. Good morning. One of the things that jumped out in the results also was mix and the degree to, which makes us continuing to contribute to top line. So I'm guessing this is tied as you've mentioned like the execution. But as you're thinking about how commercial execution may or may not evolve from here, just thinking about merchandising on the shelf, what elements of your product suite are emphasized in store versus others to deal -- to try to support volume as you move to the year? How would you be thinking about how mix may evolve as the inflationary pressures mount on the consumer? Thanks.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Thanks, Lauren. Yes, we're very encouraged with the mix performance. And again, I think it dovetails or it's an outcome of our underlying strategy, which is to elevate our categories and expand our markets. And I think you might observe, we've been driving mix for a few years now. And the core underlying thought is, we still think there is a lot of opportunity for premiumization in our categories. Recognize that I think the circumstances of this environment may require some slight adjustments. But the long-term opportunity, I think, Alison talked about at the CAGNY conference. China, which is the largest hypermarket in the world right now, still remains the largest market. The value per baby is less than half of what it is in developed markets like the United States. And so, we still think premiumization is an opportunity. That's what's driving our growth. We were up high single digits in China for another quarter. We continue to grow there and continue to improve mix. And so, that's a core idea for us. It's also what's driving our momentum in North America, double-digit growth in diapers and across personal care, all personal care categories in the US. We're continuing to drive innovation on the premium end, but also, we brought a lot of improvements to our value tiers as well in North America and around the rest of the world. So, again, we're elevating our categories. It remains a core part of the strategy. We're not going to be niche premium though, and so we want to be able to serve all consumers. And so, we're balancing our investments and our investments in innovation across the value tiers.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, great. Thank you so much. Really appreciate it, and I'll get back in the queue later.
Mike Hsu: All right. Thanks, Lauren.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities.
Mike Hsu: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Carey: Hey, good morning. I just wanted to follow up on the question around pricing, your expectations and how things have evolved. So the 4% to 6% organic sales growth now includes volumes, which are negative, which was the call before; implies pricing, probably at least a couple of hundred basis points higher than where you were before. I'm seeing pricing in the US right now in the high single-digit range. So can you perhaps help us understand how much pricing you're expecting and how that has changed relative to prior expectations? And maybe give us a sense of pricing expectations in the US versus internationally? Like, for example, is international pricing going to be as strong as the US? And then, just connected to that, on Kevin's question around elasticities, I did notice in the prepared remarks some comments around pricing impacting volume in some D&E markets. I think previously, elasticities were a bit more conceptual. And I'm just wondering if now you're actually starting to see some of that volume impact play out?
Mike Hsu: Okay. Yes. Chris, maybe I'll start and then maybe Maria will provide some additional color, too. But, overall, I'll just give you a sense of -- our pricing execution overall is on track. Volumes have been solid. I would say trending a little bit better than we initially thought. But, as I mentioned earlier, we're going to be very alert in monitoring our price gaps carefully. I would say we've implemented multiple rounds of pricing. Given what's happened in the first quarter, that is additional pricing or higher than what we originally planned is a key basis for why we're taking up our sales outlook. Overall in the marketplace, obviously, trade discussions have been constructive. We have seen movement in other brands and in some cases, private label. But there is a little stickiness in some markets as well, particularly in Western Europe and parts of Latin America. So I think that's why we're going to monitor the situation closely and try to balance -- continue to balance our performance and growth with -- and our share performance. But overall, we feel good about where we are on pricing, and we feel good about our portfolio and the fact that we're strong in both the value and the premium end, and we'll be able to pivot and meet the consumer where they need us to be.
Maria Henry: Yeah. And I would just add that if you look at the outlook for input costs, which did escalate and our outlook for the year, as you know from our prepared comments and news release, we did increase the number in terms of the inflation we expect for the year. A good portion of that comes outside of the United States. And so along with the intent to cover inflation with pricing, you should expect that a lot of the incremental pricing we're putting into the market comes outside of the US.
Chris Carey: And if I could just ask one follow-up there on the incremental inflation that you're seeing. What are the specific baskets or cost items that are moving outside of the US to cause this incremental pricing? Thanks so much.
Maria Henry: Sure. At the midpoint of our new guidance versus where we were in January, we're up about $375 million in terms of our expectation for input cost inflation this year. That increase is across all of our baskets. But as you know, with the significant volatility in oil and energy, that is clearly one of the drivers. That's well over half of the increase that we're seeing since January and the impact particularly on the energy side, weights to Western Europe, UK. And there, we have a sizable tissue business, which is a large consumer of energy. So that is kind of how the inflation basket plays out and why it's more weighted to markets outside of the US.
Chris Carey: Okay. Thanks so much.
Mike Hsu: Thanks Chris.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Mike Hsu: Morning Steve.
Steve Powers: Good morning, good morning. And congrats to Maria, and welcome to Nelson as well for me. Picking up on the $375 million and guidance. That incremental $375 million at the midpoint headwind from higher inflation just seems to be substantially higher quantitatively than the uptick in revenue that you're calling for. So just in the components of your guidance, it just -- it reads net negative. And, obviously, you've maintained the full year range. So I'm just trying to figure out if there is something else that got better in your outlook versus the start of the year, or if we're now talking about the lower end of the range as opposed to the higher end prior? Just some help there would be helpful.
Maria Henry: Sure. There clearly is a range and coming into the year, we talked about the factors that could affect where we land in that range and commodities have -- commodity inflation expectations clearly have increased. We talked about incremental pricing there. So how all of that plays out as we go through the year we'll have to see. In terms of our expectations on the other lines of the P& L, we held our outlook for our FORCE cost savings. Our other manufacturing costs are looking to be a bit better. We had talked about in January, the pressure we were seeing from the surge in Omicron. Fortunately, that has resolved itself fairly quickly in North America. And it's helped us get our supply chain into a better place than what we suspected back in January. So that's a positive on that side of the house. And in the first quarter, our G&A spending, or between-the-line spending, when you net out all of the puts and takes, was a bit favorable backing out currency and other things. And so, in this environment, it's tough, and so we're going to very closely monitor our between-the-line spend for the year and how all those factors come together, keeps us within the range of guidance that we set back in January. Exactly where we'll land, there's still a lot of volatility and moving pieces, so we'll have to see there.
Mike Hsu: And, Stephen, I would agree, $375 million is a big number. And so -- but again, I think we're pleased with the team. I would say, again, as Maria mentioned, volume has been an important component for us. And we planned the year with an estimate around elasticities. Still remains to be seen how things flow from there. But I think given our first quarter, I would say, volumes are trending favorable to some of the things that we had originally thought, so.
Steve Powers: Yes. Very good, very good. Is there any -- can you -- of that incremental $375 million, was any of it realized in the first quarter? Is it just the cadence of how that's to flow through? Is that, I'm assuming, more back-end loaded, but just any color there would be useful as well.
Maria Henry: Sure. It did hit us in the first quarter. We saw a meaningful spike in commodity cost pricing, particularly in the month of March, as global events unfolded. So probably a-quarter of it hit in the first quarter, and the remainder of it will come in the rest of the year.
Steve Powers: Okay. So it's more prorated then. Okay. Very good. And then, just one last thing, if I could? Just, is there any -- maybe -- and maybe I should know this already, but just, is there a way to quantify what the Texas storm impact was on growth in terms of the impact this year in terms of the benefit?
Mike Hsu: Well, I think, in the first quarter, it was probably worth about 2 points of organic for us. So, again -- and we're primarily lapping -- I think, it was March of last year is when it really hit us. We're still going to be cycling maybe a month or two of that in this quarter as well, just so you recognize that. But -- so, yes, but that did have an impact, so.
Steve Powers: Okay. Thank you very much.
Mike Hsu: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Mike Hsu: Good morning Jason.
Jason English: Hey good morning folks. Thanks for slot me in. Let me echo the sentiment, congrats Maria. Well earned. I think we've had the pleasure working together for now well over a decade, and you will be missed. And Nelson, welcome on board. Looking forward to getting to know you. Dig into the business, a couple of questions, please. I guess let's first talk about D&E. We haven't seen a negative volume number in your personal care D&E business in quite some time. And I know it's only negative once, so I'm not trying to sensationalize anything, but there's obviously some sensitivity around tap those markets. So can you unpack what drove it this quarter? And then perhaps elaborate on how you're seeing concerned behavior in emerging markets change in each of your core markets as inflation pressure mounts?
Mike Hsu: Yeah. Yeah, Jason, maybe I'll start here. Overall, I think we're very pleased with our D&E growth overall. Personal care growth continue to be very strong behind what I mentioned earlier under Lauren's question, strong innovation, really strong local execution. Organic was up 11% in the quarter. High single digit on price, low single digit on mix. And then yeah, as you mentioned, a 1% volume decline overall. I'd say it's mixed across markets, and maybe the one area that I'd point out is in Latin America for us, a little softer on volume and a little softer on share. The big driver of that is Jason, as you're well aware with our previous discussions, we're prioritizing margin recovery, but we want to be balanced and holistic about it. And so we're trying to balance margin recovery, organic growth and share. And I would say we're probably faster on pricing in a number of our key markets, including Latin America. And so that's probably had an impact on both volume and share. And our shares are still overall up and over 50% of are what we call cohorts or market category combination, so we feel good about that. It's a little less than what we have been doing in the last couple of years, which is about two-thirds, right? And so we'd like to be in that two-thirds range. But recognize that's a high bar. That said, we also recognize when we're moving quickly on price that we're going to have some ebbs and flows on market shares in local markets.
Jason English: Yes, that makes sense. Thank you. Pivoting to the professional business. Volumes still really -- they haven't really recovered, right? If we look at pre-COVID for this quarter, 1Q 2022 versus where we were in 2019, I think your volumes are still down 17%, 18%, off of the pre-COVID levels. So two questions. What needs to happen? Like what are the conditions that we get you back to bright there? And we're far enough in that I think it's probably prudent for all us to say, you probably aren't getting back to right. Is there some rightsizing type initiatives you need to take in the organization to account for the now lower volume base?
Mike Hsu: Yeah. Overall, Jason, I will say we're encouraged by the professional demand improving. Organic was up 6% in the quarter. And to your point, not back to where it was, but mid-single-digit growth in North American and high single digit in the rest of the world. Washroom demand recovering was up 30% in the quarter and now back to 90% of our pre-pandemic levels. I think we do know enough. And I agree with you, I don't think it's going to go back to where it was. I think our team is making the right plans to size the business appropriately and recognize this is the reality of where we are. And so we need to go from there. And so they've got a margin recovery plan and a cost plan and are diligently working on that. Obviously, a key component of that margin recovery plan is price, which we've executed very, very well, and we're encouraged with our start. I will point out, we do expect better volume performance. I mean we have great capability. We have great innovation in the market this year. We have this, what we're calling an ICON, a better dispenser that our end users are very excited about, and that's driving our growth. So our shares in the segment, especially North America, are up. The team's performing well. But you're right, I think we have to recognize that probably the business is going to be a little different size than it was pre-pandemic, and we're going to be ready for that.
Jason English: Yes. Thanks and congrats on a good start to the year. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Well take our next question from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan Chase.
Mike Hsu: Andrea, good morning.
Andrea Teixeira: Hi. Good morning. How are you? First, congrats to Maria, and welcome, Nelson. Looking forward to working with you as well. So, first, a clarification that you removed the comments about SG&A and the FORCE savings. And given the higher cost pressures and from Maria's comments earlier, are you taking from marketing spending down since the consumer, particularly in the US, has been stronger than anticipated? And on the pricing commentary that, I think, it was incremental to what you had in plan. Which categories are you hoping to get additional pricing from plan before and the timing of it? And just a follow-up to Mike's commentary about China. I mean, impressive high single-digit performance there for another quarter. So how are you trending in April, given the lockdowns and what we hear about e-commerce also being impacted there? And what is your expectation for the category? Thank you.
Maria Henry: All right. I'll go ahead and start on the cost side. As I mentioned, our outlook remains the same for the FORCE cost savings of $300 million to $350 million for the year. A little bit more color on the first quarter. We did see very strong savings in our productivity programs and our pipeline of opportunities remains quite healthy on the cost savings side. And so, we've got confidence in that FORCE cost savings range. We do expect that the savings will ramp through the year. As you know, our savings don't come in a straight line. They can tend to be a bit bumpy as we go through the year, based on which projects and programs we're implementing and able to execute. In the quarter, what we saw is that, the distribution cost increases were a meaningful headwind to our FORCE cost savings number. So, as I've discussed before, the $50 million of savings is a net number. There's all of the positives from the actions that our teams are taking to drive productivity across the supply chain. But you have to clear a positive number there, and there's significant headwinds on the distribution side that are putting pressure on the net course cost savings number. But I'd wrap it up by saying that, good delivery in the quarter, pipeline of opportunities remain strong. On the between the lines comment that I made, thank you for the question, because it's important to clarify, we are not reducing brand support. Our advertising plans for the year continue to be strong, and we intend to continue to support our brands. Outside of advertising when you look broadly at other -- our SG&A spend, we'll continue to be very disciplined on other spending and look to balance the profit delivery, given the current conditions that we're facing, in particular, with the escalation of input cost inflation. But advertising remains very healthy.
Mike Hsu: Yeah. Andrea, maybe I'll just piggyback on that, what Maria is saying. We remain committed to delivering balanced and sustainable growth. And so our priorities are to accelerate growth and also recover the margins. But right now, I would tell you, our brands are strong, our categories are healthy, and we're going to continue to invest to build our categories, our brands and our markets. So as I mentioned earlier, we're taking a very holistic approach to balance -- to mitigate the inflationary pressure. We're going to balance price, volume and share. I think we -- to your second part of your question, I think we've taken price and recognize that our price realization has to increase. We've done that in a number of ways, either through pack counts, list price and also promotion reductions. I would -- I don't know that I would say it's uniform across markets. We're relying on our markets to be agile and to respond to what the local situation requires. But in general, as you can observe overall, the overall pricing has gone up. In some markets, our promotions have come down and in some markets, and that's been a way to deliver price. And in some markets, it's gone a little bit up. North America, I would say, has gone up slightly because we were suppressed on the promotion front for a couple of years. I'd say our promotional debt is still lower than it was years ago overall. But again, that's -- it's just an artifact of kind of what are you comparing against. But overall, I think Maria's point is the main one, which is we believe in balanced and sustainable growth and growing our brands and so we're going to continue to support the brands in an appropriate way. And then the last point, I think you asked on China. I think I'm not ready to comment on April yet. We're only ready to comment on this quarter. I would tell you that we have been affected by some of the COVID lockdowns as everyone else is, and -- but we'll update you on that on our next call.
Andrea Teixeira: And one last clarification. Sorry to a fine point on the pricing and increase in inorganic. So should we interpret what you're saying mostly that initially, you were more cautious on basically the elasticity, the volume decline? I remember being a very strong volume decline that was embedded in the initial guide. And now you're having the same kind of thought about pricing, but slightly better now because it's been taking -- everyone is taking additional pricing; your competitor announced another one in Family Care the day before yesterday. So it's a mix of both, but mostly because elasticities have been coming in better than anticipated? Is that the way to interpret?
Mike Hsu: Well, I'd say volume has been a little bit better overall. I think we're still working through and calibrating with -- relative to the elasticity, I would say the overall volume in the first quarter came in a little bit better than planned. I still think we're waiting to see what the full impact of elasticity is. Although, I do think the history is -- and if I go back to our last price -- set of pricing a few years ago, I think volumes did come in better than predicted in some cases and in other cases, pretty much on plan. So we're still working through it. But again, I think that the net of it is our guidance increase is certainly that we're seeing -- we expect more pricing in the marketplace and then little bit better than we originally planned.
Andrea Teixeira: Perfect. Thank you so much. Thanks again.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Peter Grom with UBS.
Mike Hsu: Good morning Peter
Peter Grom: Hey, good morning everyone. I hope you all are doing well. So I kind of wanted to follow up on that last point, just around elasticities. Can you -- just I was hoping you could just remind us what the assumptions are embedded in your guidance? Is it based on historical elasticities? And should that not occur, which seems to kind of be the case more broadly today, would that be upside, or does it kind of assume what you're seeing in the market today holds?
Maria Henry: Yes. I'll make a quick comment before Mike jumps in. What I would say is that, our assumptions around the elasticities have been informed by historical performance over a long period of time and particularly looking at what happened during more challenging parts of the cycle. So that was an informed, but it's not an equal to. So it's not mathematical. We apply judgment based on what we're seeing today and where we stand today in each of the markets competitively with where the consumer is and the consumer dynamics in each of those markets. So, I'd say, we apply judgment, but it's certainly informed by what's happened historically. But, Mike, you probably have some comments.
Mike Hsu: No, I don't think I have much more to add to that.
Peter Grom: Okay. No, that's helpful. And then, I guess, just turning to margins, and I appreciate all the color on it, and depletion and pricing in the release in the prepared remarks. But I was just kind of hoping to drill down on just the phasing, because there's just a few comments that stood out. I think, specifically, you said in the near term, these commodity costs will offset the top line growth. And then later, you kind of mentioned improved financial delivery sequentially. So how should we think about the phasing of gross margins through the balance of the year or kind of just the balance of the commodity pressures that you've kind of outlined? And then, based on kind of where things stand today, like when should we kind of expect a return to margin expansion?
Maria Henry: Yes. I'll start. Let me, first, comment on phasing. You know where we came out in the first quarter. Where I would point you to is, the second half of the year, which is where we are expecting improvement. In terms of -- my IR folks are looking at me. But in terms of the second quarter, the commodity situation that we're facing, I mentioned that commodity costs were escalating through the quarter with March prices being very high and a number of our commodities are continuing to escalate. So I think looking to the next quarter, I think we're going to still have quite a bit of commodity pressure before phasing to normalize. So how that will all play out, we'll have to see. But I would point you to the second half of the year on margin improvement. We intend to build momentum as we go through the year, when pricing is more in line with the inflation. And, as you know, we've had -- we took pricing in the first quarter. So that hasn't really played out yet in the P&L. But as that does, that will certainly help our margins, our FORCE cost savings build as we go through the year. Again, maybe not in a straight line, but I would expect the second half to be stronger that the run rate that we saw in the first quarter. And so, a number of moving pieces. I don't think we're prepared to tell you when we get back to the 2019 levels on margins, but we absolutely improve -- expect improvement this year.
Mike Hsu: Yeah. Let me piggyback on that, Peter, because I think part of that is we definitely expect strong progress on price realization and you're seeing it. I'm confident we'll be able to restore our margins and eventually expand them, okay? I think the big factor that Maria says, we can't predict exactly when it's because the core assumption is what happens with inflation. And so the reality is I expect reversion in the commodities. It's going to happen. We all know well, if you've been following this company for a long time. I think most of our long-term investors have seen it revert every time, right? But the reality is, in the near-term, inflation is well beyond any historical levels. I mean in just over -- between 2021 and 2022, if you do the math at the midpoint of our guidance, we're going to take on $2.7 billion of additional inflation, and that's a 1,400 point drag on the operating margin. I will tell you well make our progress restoring margins. We expect pricing to largely offset inflation. It may not all be in the year, but our teams are moving fast and making progress. And again, as I started commodities are going to revert. And then when they revert, that's going to accelerate our time line of recovery. But again, it's hard to say when that is because we expect it to decline a little bit or at least we predict at a level at the beginning of the year, and obviously, we took up that inflation number by $375 million at the midpoint three months later. So again, there was not a war in our plan for -- as we put together our outlook in the beginning of the year, and that's clearly affected the energy markets.
Peter Grom: Thank you for that. And Maria, congratulations and wish you the best of luck moving forward.
Maria Henry: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Wendy Nicholson with Citi Group.
Wendy Nicholson: Hi, good morning.
Mike Hsu: Good morning Wendy.
Wendy Nicholson: My first question has to do with private label because you're one of the few companies who cover that does do some private label manufacturing. So can you remind us, number one, just ballpark what percentage of your volume is for private label brands? And then second, just if there's any outlook you have, I know that you said in the past that you only do private label when it sort of to the benefit of your brands and strategic relationships. But can you give us a sense whether any of the big retailers you work with are coming to you saying, hey, we want to put more power behind private label given the pricing environment. Anything you can offer just in terms of where you're situated and whether you think private label is going to grow as a piece of your business over the next six to 12 months?
Mike Hsu: Yeah. Overall, I'd say, Wendy, private label is not core to our overall growth strategy. And so it's a relatively small part of our business. And we do it selectively, as you mentioned, whether for a strategic account or a strategic proposition. But again, our capacity is expensive to build, and so we want to focus that in general, on the brands unless there is a very good strategic rationale for. I will say private label did grow a bit more in the quarter, and that's a change from prior quarters. And I think it was up or even in about six of our eight categories that we track, and that's a change from the recent quarters. And while we're paying attention to that, we're really focused on improving and making sure that we have the right value proposition on our products. And that's why even at the same time, Wendy, that we are making -- taking price increases, we are also working hard to improve the product quality and the features and benefits of our brands as well.
Maria Henry: So it's less than 5% of our sales.
Wendy Nicholson: Less than 5%. Okay. And can you just clarify the strength that you saw in the quarter, again, even if it's small, was it in the US or in Western Europe?
Mike Hsu: I would say -- I was commenting mostly on North America. I think in North America, the eight categories we track was even or up in about six of them, so.
Wendy Nicholson: Okay. Fabulous. And then just one more follow-up to an earlier question about China. Your strength, high single-digit growth in diapers and fem care is obviously terrific and great to see and a departure from what we've heard from other companies who've been struggling in China, not just with the supply chain, but lots of different things. And so, my question is, is it just a market share, well and about performance for you? Do you think there's anything different in terms of how you're distributed, or are you promoting exceptionally a lot, or anything different that's enabling you to do well in China, maybe when some other companies are struggling more?
Mike Hsu: Yes. It's -- I don't think it's a distribution channel thing. And I don't think -- it's definitely not promotion because, again, we're trying to be disciplined about pricing. Here's the thing, and I will say, Wendy, it's really what Alison talked about at CAGNY, which is there is a lot of opportunity in a lot of our markets to premiumnze our category. And I know that's a little bit different because given the conditions right now with pricing and inflation, what's happening to the consumer. But over the long term, as I mentioned earlier, the China -- the value per baby sold is less than half of what it is in the US or other developed markets. And so there still remains a significant opportunity for us to premiumize our categories. And so, mix for us has been an important driver. We've doubled our super premium mix just over the past 12 months and so, that's part of it.  And then the other part of it is share. And what we're really proud that we took share leadership in China in the diaper category, I'd say, almost two years ago and we continue to expand that. And so, we're really proud of the work of our team and we're excited about that. And recognize, there are some trends that are not favorable. I mean, as you're well aware, births are down, but we still think there's an opportunity on value.
Wendy Nicholson: Terrific. Thanks so much for the color.
Mike Hsu: Thanks Wendy.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Mike Hsu: Hey Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: Thanks. Sorry back again. I just wanted to talk quickly about consumer tissue. It's CAGNY  in your comments, I think it was in -- comments. There was a discussion of just efforts behind the scene to execute the same playbook that you've done so successfully now in personal care in tissue, in terms of elevating the category sort of support. It may be a tough time, given just about cost inflation and managing volatility at the moment. But anything you could share on strategies in that business, I would be curious if we have the time? Thanks.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Thank you, Lauren. Yes, I think that's right. I mean, again, elevate the categories  I think we have an opportunity to elevate all of our categories and I think that will apply. I think it's -- we -- our teams have been busy working that across the globe on tissue. I think some of that's been drowned out because  especially like in North America, the high volatility over the last couple of years related to COVID. For reference, I think that category was up 28% in 2020 and then down 20% last year. And so, there's been a lot of volatility. That said, I'd say, we still believe there's a lot of opportunity to elevate the category through better Kleen, let's say, on the tissue side. I think we have had some momentum on Kleenex and broadening out the usage. And so that's something we remain excited about and we're working hard on. I just think there's been a little more volatility in the tissue categories in North America, because I would say the extreme volatility in demand and then in other markets like Latin America, and in Western Europe, the pricing dynamic has been, I would say, a little more pressurized.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Excellent.
Operator: Thank you. And Ms. Taryn Miller, I'm showing there are no more questions at this time.
Taryn Miller: Great. Thank you. So thank you for joining today on our conference call, and we look forward to talking to you soon. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's presentation. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience in holding. We now have your presenters in conference. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to introduce todays first presenter, Taryn Miller.
Taryn Miller: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clarks year end earnings conference call. On the call with me today are Mike Hsu, our Chairman and CEO and Maria Henry, our CFO. Earlier this morning, we issued our earnings news release and we also published prepared remarks from Mike and Maria that summarize our fourth quarter and full year 2021 results. Both documents are available in the Investors section of our website. We hope you find it valuable to have our prepared remarks ahead of this call. In just a moment, Mike will share a few opening comments and then well take your questions. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. We may also refer to adjusted results and outlook. Both exclude certain items described in this mornings news release. The release has further information about these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. Now, I will turn it over to Mike.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thank you, Taryn. Good morning, everyone. Before we get to your questions, Id like to offer some perspective on our results and outlook. In 2021, we continue to execute our strategy to elevate our categories and expand our markets. While our overall financial results were disappointing, we took decisive action to offset the impact of higher costs with significant pricing actions. These actions, which began in the first half, helped us deliver organic sales growth and improved net selling prices in the second half of the year, including strong fourth quarter performance. We continue to make significant progress accelerating organic growth in personal care. Through the year, our team launched strong innovation and support it with superior local market execution, all of which contributed to strong share gains in numerous key markets. We also strengthened market positions in several important growth markets, by integrating Softex in Indonesia, commissioning a state-of-the-art production facility in Nigeria, and advancing our route to market in India. While we are encouraged with our top line performance and the way our teams executed in a very dynamic environment, our margins and earnings were negatively impacted by a challenging operating environment. Input costs escalated well beyond previous levels and supply chain disruptions limited our ability to fully meet the growing consumer demand for our products. In 2022, we intend to accelerate organic growth further. We have strong brands and healthy categories. We will continue to support our brands with breakthrough innovation, agile digital and superior local market execution. We also expect performance in our tissue businesses to improve as we cycle the volatility and demand we have experienced over the past 2 years. We are committed to recovering and eventually expanding our margins and we expect to make progress this year. We have taken significant pricing actions and expect pricing to offset a majority of the impact of cost inflation. We are confident in our ability to restore our margins to pre-pandemic levels over time. We remain confident in the potential of our brands and categories and in our ability to create meaningful shareholder value, while we work to achieve our purpose of Better Care for a Better World. Now, we would be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question will come from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities.
Mike Hsu: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Carey: Can you just, maybe to start, just help frame the volume impact that you are expecting from the price hikes? I guess based on your comments around pricing thats going to cover the majority of inflation, it seems like you are suggesting maybe 4% to 5% range on pricing, maybe volumes down about 1%. Is that fair? And then maybe where you expect the volume hit to play out? Clearly, there is some momentum in Personal Care. Consumer Tissue is coming off of a year where comps shouldnt really be too much of an issue. I wonder if you can just dimensionalize that comment around pricing versus volumes and how you are seeing it play out and whether you could see some upside if elasticity stay where they are?
Mike Hsu: Yes. I think thats a good push, Chris. And I think thats right, which is overall, we feel good about the momentum of our business overall. Personal Care, for sure, strong performance and we are expecting that performance to continue. We have got great innovation coming and great brand support throughout the year on both our Consumer Tissue and our Personal Care businesses. And so I think we feel good about the commercial programming. That said there is significant pricing in the plan. And so there will be an elasticity impact, which we have estimated. So, we have volume down a little bit, offsetting some of the organic growth thats being driven by the commercial programming. And so the reality is, thus far, I would say the categories  our categories are essential. And I think the demand that we saw in the fourth quarter kind of highlights the essential nature of our categories. And despite the price increases, we are seeing good volume performance. And so Id love to see that our elasticity assumptions are a little conservative and potentially, there could be a little upside. Generally, in our categories, if the other  if the market moves in the direction, generally elasticities are a little lower.
Chris Carey: Okay. And just  yes, yes, no, thats helpful. Thanks. Just one follow-up on the outlook for input cost inflation, I think maybe thats part of the surprise today. Can you just maybe dimensionalize the significance of distribution of energy? You called out polymer-based materials, I guess pulp is secondarily  is a secondary impact relative to those. But can you just frame the relative impact of these and whether again the line of sight or whether you are just taking a bit more of a conservative view, cognizant of what you said in the prepared remarks, that visibility is a bit lower in this environment? So thanks for that.
Maria Henry: Sure, Chris. Let me spend a minute on our inflation outlook for 2022. As you just mentioned, it continues to have volatility around it. For perspective, if we had given you our outlook on the October call, we would have been $300 million lower than the outlook that we are providing today. So, its been quite volatile. And we are kind of calling it at a tough part of the cycle, hence, the range around it. But let me talk about what we see. Approximately half of the inflation for 2022 is expected to come from distribution and energy. And then of the raw material components, the inflation will be led by polymer-based purchase materials. So, things like superabsorbent and non-wovens and then followed by pulp. And so, let me just spend a minute on the two areas that will make up our commodity inflation. Number one is what happens with market prices and I will give you a little more detail there in a minute. But the second one is how inflation  commodity inflation flows through our P&L. And as you know, we use contract structures to manage some of the volatility on commodities and some of those contracts reset in the beginning of the year. So, they reset at higher prices this year. And then some of them also have some timing lag built in. So, some of the high inflation that youd see in the market in the fourth quarter will flow through our P&L in the early part of 2022. But that said, on the market prices, I will tell you what we are seeing. So, the market price in North America for eucalyptus will be down. The market price for softwood, we are expecting to be down in a similar amount to eucalyptus. And the full year average polypropylene prices will also be down for market pricing in 2022. So, those are the things you hear us talk about the most. But since the inflation is coming from other areas in 2022, let me comment on market pricing that we expect to be up. Fluff pulp, we expect to be up; recycled fiber, expect to be up; non-wovens, expect to be up; superabsorbent, up sizably next year; distribution, up; and energy, up. So, the basket of commodities, well, the traditional ones, thankfully, we expect to be coming down and we are already seeing that in the fourth quarter. There is meaningful portion of our basket that the market prices will be up on in 2022 and thats whats reflected in the outlook that we provided.
Mike Hsu: Yes. So Chris, maybe I will just tack on. I mean historically, what we see is a quick reversion in our commodities, like typically, in 2018, right, the big driver of our increase was pulp. And so that quickly receded in 2019 and 2020 to some extent. And so thats typically we will see in our categories. We will see reversion. It always happens in our categories. And so I expect  fully expect over time pulp to come down and the resin-based, whether its super board absorbents or non-wovens to come back down. But this cycle is a little different, because the peak is higher, its broader and its longer. And so regardless of whats happening with the cycle, we are going to restore our margins with both price and cost initiatives. And we expect our teams to cover the majority of inflation with pricing. So, thats part one. If we get a little more reversion, we are not expecting reversion this year. And if we do, then our recovery will be a little bit faster. That said there will be reversion at some point. But given the call and I think whats maybe a little confusing to maybe some of the analysts and investors, as Maria mentioned, its a broader set of inflationary impacts than we typically talk about, which is typically  and energy is a big one. And labor and freight are big ones that we typically havent talked about in the past, but are big ones for this year.
Chris Carey: Okay. Thanks so much for all that perspective.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thank you, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Mike Hsu: Good morning, Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks. Good morning. Hi, I wanted a little bit about pricing. In the release, there was a mention of  I dont know, I meant the  sorry, in the prepared remarks in the release, but about some incremental pricing. So simplistic question, are there new price increases that have been announced that we should expect to start flowing through? But then perhaps more interestingly, I was curious about the ability to price for energy, for logistics and then also for the fact that contracts are resetting higher. Because I was just wondering, is it more difficult if market pricing is down, so that what your customers see is a better relatively speaking, better environment, but you are talking about your contracts resetting higher and that being part of the difficulty here? Is it more difficult to get incremental pricing through and thats kind of the construct driving inflation?
Mike Hsu: Yes. Thanks, Lauren. Yes, couple of things. One, we have executed multiple rounds of pricing. And I would say globally and generally, our pricing is on track. We announced  Ill just give you an example in North America. I think we announced in March, in August, in November and then I think we may have had another announcement in December as well. So there has been multiple rounds. I will tell you  and thats happened globally in most markets around the world for us. I will tell you, in most markets, the trade discussions have generally been very constructive. I think our customers are seeing the same things happen. Especially, as you mentioned in some of these other areas, they are more affected by freight and distribution and some of those things than we are since its a bigger component of their P&Ls. So I would say the discussions have generally been constructive. We have seen some movement in other brands and some movement in private labels. There is a little stickiness in some markets like in Western Europe and Latin America for us. But as I mentioned to Chris, the consumer demand reflects the essential nature of our categories. And so we expect to make progress on pricing. We expect to make progress on recovering our margins. And as a principle, I would say we are expecting our teams to be able to price to offset the majority of the inflation.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, great. And then just one other question I had was on cost savings. Restructuring is complete and now ongoing for savings. The fourth forecast of $300 million to $350 million is a little bit low by recent standards. And I know also in the prepared remarks in the release, you mentioned less savings on the negotiated raw material prices. But I think one thing we talked about last quarter and I talked with other companies is sort of the difficulty of achieving typical run-rate productivity in a constrained environment, whether its because of labor, access to the plants with COVID and absenteeism challenges throughout the supply chain. So, I was wondering if you could comment a little bit on that on the absolute level of FORCE savings for this year? And just if these sorts of impediments are part of why the number might be a little bit lower than you might typically target in such a deeply inflationary environment?
Maria Henry: Yes. Lauren, you are spot on with what you are hearing from other companies. Its the same thing that we are seeing within our FORCE cost savings, the negotiated material price component will be down meaningfully. If you think about the benefit of our contracts in 2021 was significant as those reset as we move forward, thats less of a benefit for us in 2022, but we do still expect to see benefits from product changes and from ongoing productivity improvements. The other line thats in our FORCE cost savings is distribution. So under normal circumstances, we would be driving productivity in distribution expenses every year. Those are going the other way right now. The distribution costs are up meaningfully and they will continue to be is our expectation in 2022. And then, as you said, given whats happening in the supply chain where our demand is exceeding our ability to supply at the moment, taking any downtime on any of our machines is very punitive. And so finding the time to do the work to drive the savings is a bit challenged and thats really whats behind the range. I will say that the team kicked off a program in 2021 to really look at the multiyear pipeline that we have around FORCE cost savings. And we have better visibility today than we have ever had in terms of what those opportunities are and how we need to  how we can unlock those. And that includes some investment behind the supply chain that you see showing up in other areas of the P&L. But we have never had better visibility to what those opportunities are and they continue to be meaningful for the company. And as things  when things normalize around supply chain, we will be able to drive a higher number on that FORCE cost savings line.
Lauren Lieberman: Thanks so much. I will pass it on.
Mike Hsu: Great. Thank you, Lauren.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Mike Hsu: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Powers: Yes, hey, thanks. Good morning. Maybe a little more clarity and color around your guidance, I guess, from two perspectives. First is, in the first quarter, your prepared remarks suggests incremental difficulty in that first quarter with a sequential decline in earnings. I would think you might have some room for sequential acceleration on revenue even with a higher FX burden. So I am guessing that incremental pressure is coming from cost pressure and margin pressure, but just again, maybe you can dimensionalize that? And I want to juxtapose that against your  the strategic ambition to restore margins. And I am really curious as to where you think you can get to on that objective by year end. So I guess I am trying to get a little bit more depiction in my mind about what the kind of improvement curve looks like throughout the year as you slide south in 1Q and then build back, trying to get a sense of where you think the exit rate is in 22 with the base case?
Maria Henry: Sure. I will start and then Mike will add some comments. But let me address the first quarter first. We usually dont give quarterly guidance. And even when you push us to do so, we generally dont do it. But I think its very important to understand what we think is happening in this quarter, because we do expect that our earnings will be lower than they were in the fourth quarter and thats driven by a few things. One, the commodity pressure will continue to be intense and inflation in the first quarter will be high. The pricing isnt fully in, in the fourth quarter. And then we are in the midst of pretty acute supply chain disruption caused by Omicron. So  but we are seeing, as our other companies and as our suppliers and as are our customers, but we are seeing higher absentee rates, which is stressing our ability to fulfill the demand that we see and get the products manufactured and get them to the customers and the customers to get them on shelf. So that is all happening live right now. And so were calling the year at a very challenging time to call the year given the amount of volatility right at this moment. And then as I look at 2022 in total, were expecting stronger second half earnings, and we are expecting a ramp, whats causing the ramp. Some commodity costs are expected to ease. And while I talked a bit about contract structures and other things, we also have exposure to the spot market on commodities. So we are expecting commodities to ease. And then as you know, just on comparisons, of the $1.5 billion inflation that we saw in 2021, $1 billion of that came in the second half. And so if youre looking year-over-year, you got an easier lap in the second half. The other thing is we expect the pricing that we currently see to be fully in the market in the second half and then our cost savings also ramp as we go through the year. So those are the factors that drive the ramp. We are very focused on our margin recovery, recognizing what the $1.5 billion of inflation from last year and then the added inflation this year does to the margin structure. We are very focused on recovering the margins of this business to pre pandemic levels and then expanding them over time. We expect to make progress on that as we go through this year. Again, were calling the year in a very difficult part of the cycle. So when I look here today and say, this is what our fourth quarter is going to look like, there is some volatility around that. So that said, with our current assumptions, we will make progress on the margin recovery through the year after the first quarter. And we would expect to be in a better place by the time we exit this year and moving forward. But Mike, if youve got some comments?
Mike Hsu: Well, yes, great question, Steve. Let me hit  there is really three strategic imperatives for us as a management team. I mean number one is we got to accelerate organic growth. And you can see all the work weve been doing the last several years doing that, and I think were making progress. And we expect our tissue businesses to improve now that we cycled a lot of the COVID demand volatility. So thats part one. Part two, weve got to enhance margins. And so Ill come back to that in a second. And part three is I want to reduce our earnings volatility. Obviously, with this volatile environment, Im not going to talk much about that. But just you should know that weve got smart people working on that because I recognize thats a strategic issue for the company, and we do want to reduce our earnings volatility over time. On the margins, my goal is to enhance margins over time over the long-term. And thats kind of the basis of our Elevate and Expand strategies. The reasons why we want to elevate our categories and expand our markets is to do that. Thats a core component of it. I will say given the fact that weve taken on last year I think 2x our previous all-time high in inflation, obviously, our margin has taken a substantial hit. And were very focused on the near-term on margin recovery. I dont think were going to give you specific timing, but heres what I will say is that Im targeting for us to deliver in the upper end of our range, and I expect our teams to perform that way. And if our assumptions coming into the year hold then we will have by year end delivered a substantial improvement in our gross margin performance over the course of the year. And thats how Im thinking about it. And then if we get a little reversion in the commodities, then that will accelerate that further.
Steve Powers: Okay, thank you. I mean I appreciate the difficulty of trying to call the full year at this point, so thank you for that color. I guess maybe, Mike, a little bit, just if I could...
Mike Hsu: I think  so just the point on that is the one point I would make is the COVID environment while I would say the demand environment has kind of stabilized, particularly in our tissue businesses, both KCP and Consumer Tissue, as Maria talks about, the supply environment is probably more volatile now than weve seen throughout the whole COVID period, right? Because its affecting absenteeism, whether its in the distribution centers of the plants or our suppliers and missed deployments on pickup, so its a very volatile environment. I think youre seeing that more broadly as you kind of look at other industries.
Steve Powers: Yes, for sure. I think we will continue to hear more about that in the coming days and weeks. Just on that demand environment, Mike, if I could, just  I think you gave us some good color in the conversation with Chris about how youre thinking about volumes and reaction to the pricing this year. But I guess Im curious as to how your  the underlying elasticity assumptions compare with historical elasticity, just how you approach coming to that conclusion? And just again, sort of what the basis for your assumed the last years and where maybe youre expecting more versus less? Any color there would be helpful. Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Tough question because the trick of the elasticity modeling is were beyond the range of estimation. So thats the difficult part of it, Steve. And so youre kind of estimating whats happened historically and the price points are higher than they have been. That said, our past experience is, in our last round of pricing, elasticities have come back. The market generally moved in a direction, and elasticities were a little less than we initially estimated, and thats been our kind of recent history. And so thats what were going on. I think the important thing is weve got a very strong growth playbook. Its working hard. Weve gotten very good commercial programming across both our professional and consumer businesses. And so there is really good underlying brand momentum. And so we expect that to continue. And we recognize that we are putting significant pricing out there. And  but I think as I mentioned earlier, were seeing the impact of the essential nature of our categories.
Steve Powers: Okay. Very good. Thank you so much.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Mike Hsu: Kevin.
Kevin Grundy: Good morning, everyone. Hi, Mike and Maria. A question for Maria, I think, on the outlook first and then I have a follow-up, which is the guidance and how you pulled it together, Maria, how would you characterize the level of conservatism in the outlook? Or I guess said differently, just given the volatility and sort of the unprecedented cost pressure, and Im not asking you to review at all the earlier question on whats embedded around commodities and input costs, but have you built in sort of additional cushion than you typically would just given the volatility and how challenging 21 was and the number of downward revisions [Technical Difficulty] built in than you typically would. Investors can get some level of comfort as best as we can in this environment that this is hopefully sort of a low point?
Maria Henry: Yes, its a great question. You can imagine, we spent considerable time getting arms around our own plans for calendar 2022 and what were going to hold ourselves accountable from an internal plan standpoint. And as we reviewed that and as we pulled together our internal plan, what I would tell you is at this point in time, here in the middle of January, its tilted more toward risk. And for all the reasons we talked about, and I wont repeat them, it is tilted more toward risk. And so thats how we put the guidance range together. So weve got our internal plan, which is what all of our teams are focused on either delivering or beating. And then looking at the risks and opportunities, it is tilted to risk and thats what we used to influence our guidance range, if thats helpful.
Kevin Grundy: That is helpful. And just sticking with that for a moment, I guess the area which was a little bit surprising to me, I guess, like where our model was the level of OpEx inflation. I think there is been a great deal of time around modeling COGS and gross margins for all the reasons that we know. But I think the level of OpEx inflation was also a little bit surprising. So maybe just, if you wouldnt mind, and then Ill pass it on, spend a moment on that. And how much is sort of fixed versus variable sort of if need be, there is an opportunity to sort of tighten a little bit and pull on the string to offset further inflation thats not currently anticipated?
Maria Henry: Yes. I think its a very important area to talk about. So we are continuing to invest in our business. We are bullish about our long-term prospects. And we think the investments that we have been making and that weve ramped up over the last several years since we kicked off K-C 2022 strategy are paying off. They are working. And so we talked about advertising and what were doing to support the brands with effective marketing. But those investments go beyond just advertising. Weve talked lot about investing in our commercial capabilities. And were going to continue to do those things because they are working and they are paying off and the ROIs are there. And its those investments that are helping us have meaningful growth in  especially in our Personal Care segment of the business, when we look at 2022 versus 2021, weve also talked about the benefit that we had in our between-the-line spending in 2021 due to lower variable compensation expense that normalizes for 2022. And the last area Id comment there on between the lines and investments is were also making a few, what I would call, foundational investments. And were very committed to those as we think that they are very meaningful to the long-term health of the company. First, were opening our North America commercial center in Chicago this spring, which were very excited about. And our North America team is handling that transition quite well. And early signs are very positive, but it is an investment. And the other one I would call out that I mentioned before is we are  we did start our program to upgrade SAP to S/4HANA. We began that last year. That ramps up even more in 2022. And that investment is showing up both in the P&L as well as in our capital expenditures. So were sticking with the investments that we know are working and that are fueling the top line. Weve got some foundational investments. And then we have some expenses that were lower in 21, that will step up in 2022 around employee cost. And thats really whats behind it. Mike?
Mike Hsu: No, just important  they are important investments. The SAP, obviously, that investment is going to fuel our cost savings for the future, too. And so we feel very good about those. And were going to continue to be very disciplined about our spending. But we feel like were making the right investments for the long-term health of the brands and also for the organizational health.
Kevin Grundy: Got it. Thank you both. Thats great color. Good luck.
Maria Henry: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Mike Hsu: Good morning, Andrea.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. Good morning. So my question, Mike and, I guess, Maria, if you  if we should expect nominal pricing to be in the mid- to high-single digits when its all said and done at the mid-positive range or pretty much whether youre expecting for sales on the three to four in nominal? And in that case, it implies that probably youre getting additional pricing in the spring with that. And I just want to confirm that because you did imply, obviously, FX being a negative and then negative volumes. And then related to that, are you seeing private label getting some  I mean some of the categories obviously had a lot of shelf space during the pandemic. But some of the other categories do not. So I was thinking, are you seeing private label, in particular, in diapers coming back as we go into that? And that is what is informing you not only about demand elasticity, but also in terms of availability of the product that you may want to embrace for some private label concessions here? Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Just on the pricing, Andrea, I would expect over the course of the year, mid to high single-digit increases on pricing. And that could vary a little bit based on conditions. But again, thats kind of what we are marching against. And thus far, as I mentioned earlier, weve executed multiple actions, and they are generally on track. And so we feel good about that progress. And obviously, were keeping a close eye on that. In terms of private label, I think  and maybe Ill talk to North America differently. Id still say private label is still down in most categories. I think it was up a little bit in bath tissue, but down in most of the other categories. Its something were going to continue to be very focused on. But were very pleased with our brand momentum. And I think although were making progress in organic in North America, some of thats still muted because were still working through supply challenges. As you recall, we had significant challenges in the first half because of the storm down here in Texas. We recovered very well from that. And so really saw our service levels improve throughout the course of the year. But Id say even in the fourth quarter, we  as Maria mentioned, we under-shipped demand because were having difficulty getting carriers or getting supplies and all the other things that are associated with whats happening with Omicron and COVID. And so again, were keeping a sharp eye on private label, but were really focused on driving our business, and we feel good about the progress were making.
Andrea Teixeira: And in terms of like when you said mid-single digits on top of like low-single digit, call it, three to four you already implemented, is that the way we should be thinking? But in total, between 2021 and 2022, you are going to hit high single digit price increase? Is that the way to think?
Mike Hsu: Yes, in general. Again, yes, we  again, as I mentioned, weve made multiple rounds. And if you could go back and look at our kind of maybe whats happened in pricing in North America already, pretty significant moves.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. Great. I will pass it on. Thank you so much.
Mike Hsu: Alright. Thank you, Andrea.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Mike Hsu: Good morning, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: Hi, guys. Good morning. So just to follow-up on Andreas question, can you give us a little more granularity on what product categories and geographies incremental pricing thats coming in 2022 will be focused on? Is it more just sort of across the board in everything? Are there specific areas where there is more aggressive pricing posture, again, in terms of the incremental increases in 2022? And then given a lot of these categories were talking about multiple times that you take incremental pricing, can you just talk about your experience historically when youve been in situations where there is multiple rounds and how the elasticity might be different than in situations where youve just had one round of price increases has been necessary.
Mike Hsu: Hey, Dara, yes, just as a policy, though, Ill just clarify. Ill talk about the pricing weve implemented. I will not talk about any future pricing actions. Although Ill say, I take as an approach, I do expect pricing to offset a significant portion of inflation. So thats just kind of a principle that Ill kind of put out there. But Ill talk about whats already occurred, and Ill focus on North America as a starting point. We announced mid to high single-digit increases in March, largely in our Personal Care business in North America, but in about 60% of our consumer business last March. We took some further action primarily in tissue on count back in August, and that was effective this quarter. And then we took additional actions that were announced in Q4, generally about a mid-single-digit list increase across most of North American consumers. So that kind of should give you a sense of kind of whats been happening in the marketplace, at least in North America. I would say, in international market, similar, multiple rounds in Europe, multiple rounds, in some cases, monthly in Latin America, unfortunately and of course, in Asia as well. So its pretty extensive.
Dara Mohsenian: Okay. And it sounds like its generally broadly across the board. I dont know if you want to  it sounds like you dont want to get into too much specifics. But generally, were expecting pretty broad increases in 2022 incrementally. Is that fair?
Mike Hsu: Well, yes, I think thats the case. And were expecting that the pricing that we have in the flow through substantively.
Dara Mohsenian: Okay. And then on the margin side, the comments about returning to pre pandemic levels over time, can you just be a bit more specific on the timing of that? Is that possible at some point in calendar 23 or is that more of a far out multiyear goal? How do you think about that? And also, does it require cost levels to come back down, or is it realistic if you are at current cost levels in terms of ability to recover fully through pricing offsets over time?
Maria Henry: Yes. Dara, I am not going to give a specific timeframe. And I would say that the driver of that is really the volatility around the factors that are causing the margin to be depressed in the first place. And its just  its too hard to call beyond 2022. What I can tell you though is that I am very confident that we will take  we are taking and we will take the right actions to recover the margins of the business, whatever that looks like. So, we have shared with you what our assumptions are for 2022 in terms of all of the moving pieces. And if it turns out to be different than that, if there turns out to be upside, thats great for all of us. If it turns out that the environment is rougher than what we are thinking, we will take the right action. So, if inflation continues to run, we will continue to price. We will continually look at the cost structure of the business and take the right actions. But I cant, today, give you the exact timing of when we will have the margin structure where it was in 2019 before the pandemic began. The other thing that I will comment on when we think about that and the actions and kind of managing through that, going back a bit to what Kevin was probing on in terms of the cost structure, this is probably the right time to call out. We did wrap up the Global Restructuring Program that we kicked off in 2018. And we successfully delivered that with annualized savings of $560 million, 40% of those accrue to between the lines. So, when you look at our cost structure today outside of the supply chain, we really did restructure the between-the-line spending of the company. We took almost 200 basis points out. And then we invested back in the areas where we will have competitive advantage and differentiating capabilities. So, when I look at the cost structure between the lines today, we are in good shape, and we actually benchmark in the top quartile in terms of between-the-line cost structure. So, feel good about where we are and that we are optimized and we are investing in places that have high ROI. So, I do want to call that out as the environment changes over time, that part of the P&L I feel good about.
Mike Hsu: Hi Dara, the other thing I will add is the fundamentals would suggest in our core commodities, there is going to be reversion. But I do not want our teams waiting for commodities to come down to drive margin recovery. And so our plan is to work to recover margins. And then if the commodities  when they do revert, then that will affect  that will change the timing and hopefully move it up.
Dara Mohsenian: Thats it all for me. Thanks guys.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thank you, Dara.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Mike Hsu: Good morning Jason.
Jason English: Hi. Good morning folks. Thanks for squeezing me in. And Happy New Year, I still think January, right.
Mike Hsu: Chinese New Year time, so.
Jason English: You got a big Chinese business too, so there we go. A quick question for clarification, in response to an earlier question, I think many people will have interpreted your comments to suggest that you expect to realize around 5% plus pricing this year. But many times throughout the call, you have suggested that you expect prices to lag inflation and have a price cost deficit. If you got 5% flowing through the P&L, that would be almost $1 billion and would eclipse your cost inflation. So, can you clarify what seem to be two conflicting comments?
Maria Henry: Yes. I think that the numbers that you quoted are right. And when I look at currency, commodity price for 2022, that should be about even for 2022. The margin story is that, that was not even in 2021, given the $1.5 billion of inflation that we saw. It was, I think, its about a 30% drag to operating profit growth in 21. So, while its even for 2022, we havent yet recovered the impact from the spike in inflation in 2021, Jason, if thats helpful.
Jason English: Sure. No, its really helpful. Because I think you said you expect to offset the majority of cost inflation next year, and you said it many times. But the reality is you expect price to offset not just all the cost inflation, but most of currency, which is I think just a different conclusion. Then to get down to your numbers, you really have to take an act to volume if you are going to get that much price. So, I guess my question is, where is the  where are you expecting volume to fall short, because you are telling us that you under-shipped this year. So, at some point, hopefully, you catch up and we replenish. We catch up on some of that, so you get a benefit. Professional, I think is still tracking down 16% to 17% biometrically to pre-COVID levels. I imagine thats going to be a pretty strong tailwind. Tell me if its not. So, where is the big offset?
Mike Hsu: Well, again, I think the key  here is a couple of things. And I think you are right, Jason. I think we are expecting improved performance and growth in both consumer tissue business and the professional business. I think on professional, though, I would not expect a snap back, right. Because I think what has done is stabilized at a lower level. We are running below, about 85%  our washroom business is running at about 85% of what they had done pre-pandemic. And thats because  I dont know if you are in your office, but we havent seen a full scale return to offices, and I dont expect that in the near-term. We havent seen a full-scale return to travel, especially business travel. And I dont think we are expecting that in the near-term. And so I think we are dealing with a professional business thats going to grow. And we are pretty excited about the growth plans that we have this year, the innovation and the commercial trends we have in the business this year. But its not going to revert to pre-pandemic levels this year at least. And so thats part one. Consumer tissue, same thing. And I think there has been a lot of volatility in the last couple of years, driven by consumer stock up and then destocking and so forth. When it all shakes out, its a very stable business, probably one of the most stable businesses in consumer. And in the last couple of years, a 2-year stack of our fourth quarter would be plus 3, right. And so we are expecting solid growth in consumer tissue. And then our personal care business globally is doing very, very well, as you can see in the fourth quarter, being up double digits. And we are expecting continued growth there. The offset really from us is we are pushing prices at a pretty high level. And so thats going to have an effect. And we hope that our elasticity assumptions prove out to be a little conservative.
Jason English: Yes. I am going to try to squeeze one more real quick. Share repo, you effectively paused it back half of the year. You are guiding down free cash flow for next year. When should we expect to see you back in the market buyback stock?
Maria Henry: Yes. As soon as we have got the excess cash flow that will allow us to do it, so again, we are in the tough part of the cycle here in terms of capital allocation. Nothing on capital allocation, how we think about it has changed. And those steps are invest in the business, look to grow the dividend, which I am pleased to say we will do again for the 50th consecutive year. And then beyond that, with the remaining cash flow, we are always looking at M&A. But assuming there is nothing there, then it goes to share buybacks. So, when the margins recover  let me start at the top, right. We are expecting strong top line growth in our business. We are expecting the margins to recover. And when those two things happen, we will get back to the cash generation levels that will enable us to do share repurchases. So, we are committed to shareholder-friendly capital allocation practices as we have done in the past. And we are at about  I think we finished with leverage at 2.3x, excluding restructuring. Thats ahead of kind of the 2.0 that the agencies like to see for the single A rating. And we do remain committed to the single A rating. So, at this point in time, the way the numbers line up, we dont have the cash within the rating to do buybacks, but I very much look forward to being able to get back to doing so.
Jason English: Understood. Thank you all. Bye.
Mike Hsu: Thank you, Jason.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Peter Grom with UBS.
Mike Hsu: Good morning Peter.
Peter Grom: Hi, good morning everyone. Hi, good morning guys. So, just a quick follow-up on Steves question, I know you dont want to give a specific timeframe, but I just want to get some clarification around the comment, which I think was significant gross margin progress in 4Q. Is that simply just margin expansion, or should we read that comment as a suggestion that the fourth quarter is really when you expect to see margins return closer to those pre-pandemic levels?
Maria Henry: Yes. I think we do expect gross margin progress versus pre-pandemic level to happen faster than on the operating profit line for the investment reasons that we talked about before. But we are expecting to have progress. We are not expecting to be back to pre-pandemic levels. So  but the actions that we have taken for the environment that we are in and that we think we are going to be in during this year, as those materialize through the P&L during the course of the year, I think we are going to be on a good path if the environment is what we think it is today, which we know that it wont be, because its too difficult to predict, especially with the volatility. But if it were, if I was able to hold that constant, I think we would be on a good glide path. But I say that recognizing with the volatility, I just  its too difficult to call what the environment will look like and exactly when those margins will hit the pre-pandemic levels. But again, we are taking all the right actions in the business to do that. And we talk a lot about margin, which we are very focused on because we are focused on the overall health of the financial structure of the company. So, its appropriate. I would call out a few things, though, that what  getting back to Jasons question, what generates the cash so that we can provide healthy returns with actual dollars. So, when we look at operating profit growth, thats very important. And I think its worth noting a few things. First, on margin recovery, we will get there faster on consumer than we will on professional. Because professional  today, we had a cost structure that was built for a business thats larger than one its producing today. And so there is a misalignment between the revenue of the business and the cost structure of the business. We will get that corrected, but that will take some time. So, the recovery will come faster on consumer. But then going to the profit dollars, I call out in 2021, consumer tissue, for all the reasons that we have talked about, that was 75% of the operating profit decline. So, there were very specific dynamics that caused it. It was the big driver of the profit decline. But if you look at our personal care business, which is half of our company, strong growth, strong market shares. It actually grew operating profit in the fourth quarter. It also grew in the third quarter. So the second half of the year, the Personal Care segment, which is very healthy, is actually growing operating profit and in the near-term, I will take the dollars, recognizing in the long-term I have to get the margin structure to the right place. So, I just thought I would give a little bit more color by segment there.
Peter Grom: No, thats incredibly helpful. And then just completely shifting gears here, I would love to get an update on the performance in the D&E markets, which seem to perform quite nicely in the quarter. Can you maybe provide a bit more color on kind of the health of the consumer in those regions? Like what is driving the stronger growth, whether it would be category or Kimberly-Clark specific? And then I guess on pricing, how have pricing actions been received in those markets versus what you see or what you are seeing in developed markets?
Mike Hsu: Yes. Thanks for the question, Peter. Yes, great performance in developed and emerging markets. Overall in the quarter, I think it was in our statement, but organic up 10 in the quarter and 8 for the full year. And that was composed of really a healthy balance of price volume and mix importantly. And so  and then we saw solid growth in all regions, high-single digit gains in Asia and Latin America and double-digit growth in EMEA. And then really strong double-digit growth in China, India, Russia, Eastern Europe and Africa, which are kind of the important future growth markets for us. So, we are really excited to see that. And I think whats driving it is, I have mentioned kind of in my prepared remarks, really, really great innovation. We are doing a really good job. Our teams around the world are doing a great job, scaling, really, what I would call breakthrough innovation across markets. We were up multiple share points in Korea in the fourth quarter. That is a version of the Chinese diaper technology that we have put out there, which is related to the diaper technology that we have in North America, which is the same technology that we put out in Australia, which was also up multiple share points. And so I think really, really good consumer-inspired innovation and then superior local market execution around digital, marketing and sales execution. So, its kind of all the things and they are all working very hard for us. One of our business leaders, call it all oars in the water, meaning we used to be over-reliant on one thing to drive the business. We are really  part of our commercial capabilities that we are developing is we want everything out there working and working in the same direction. And when we do that, we tend to see the results that we think we are seeing now.
Peter Grom: Thank you. Best of luck.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets.
Mike Hsu: Good morning Nik. Thanks.
Nik Modi: Good morning Mike. So, just two quick questions for me. Just on the upstream innovation agenda, Mike, can you just talk about whats going on there? I mean has it had to take a backseat just given all the situations that you have been dealing with, with COVID, etcetera? And then we talk a lot about labor and transportation and input costs. But we dont talk a lot about retail media, which seems to be a growing demand from your customer base. So, I was hoping you can provide a little bit of context on that and how thats hitting your P&L?
Mike Hsu: Yes. Okay. Yes. Great questions, Nick. Yes. I think the flavor maybe you could have gotten from Marias commentary earlier. I mean we are continuing to invest in the foundational things that are going to make this business healthy for now and the long-term. And we recognize we are working through some choppy waters. But we are committed to growing this business for the long-term in the right way. And so, yes, so we had not  we are not pulling back on our innovation investment and our insight and technology investments. And we are excited about it. And I think the reason you are seeing the results that we are realizing around the world is because we are just doing a better job of scaling big ideas and big innovations that are really grounded in great technologies. And so we are continuing to do that. Maria mentioned the visibility of our pipeline on cost savings is probably better than its ever been. Well, the visibility of our pipeline of our technology innovations better than its ever been, too. And thats one of the things as we  coming into this role, we wanted the organization to work longer term. And we are here for today and we are also here for tomorrow and to be able to balance that. And so we are really pleased with that progress. And so  which is why I would say we are confident that we are going to continue to be able to invest and grow in our businesses, both in personal care, professional and consumer tissue. So, thats one. I think with regard to retail media, yes, it is becoming a bigger topic. I will say I feel very good about our digital capability. And we are very disciplined. And we have so much data around  as Maria mentioned earlier, digital is our life. I mean we know exactly what it is. We have made significant progress on ROIs over the course of the last 3 years or 4 years, and we know what the investments are worth. And so we are very capable  have the right sort of data, as you might expect, to be able to work with our retailers and make the right investments. And frankly, some of those investments are really, really good for us, and we are really excited to do that with them. And others, we are going to need to see a little more improvement. But overall, I think its an operational issue and capability that our organization is really well equipped to deal with.
Nik Modi: Okay. Thanks, Mike.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thank you, Nik.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I am showing no further questions. I will turn the call back over for closing remarks.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thank you. In closing, I would like to really reinforce a few key points to my opening remarks. 3 years ago, we launched our strategy to deliver balanced and sustainable growth, and that plan is anchored on our strategy to accelerate top line growth by elevating our categories and expanding our markets. Now to do this, we have invested in our brands and capabilities and our people. This growth is fueled by improvements to our cost base, delivering strong annual productivity through our FORCE and Global Restructuring programs. Its pretty clear we are executing our strategy in a very dynamic environment. And our teams have faced challenges well beyond what we or anyone else had anticipated. But thats our reality and we expect the volatility in the environment to persist this year. We are committed to our strategy and we are executing well, evidenced by our growth in personal care, strength in market share performance and the actions we have taken in a very volatile environment. We are excited about the potential of our brands and categories and our ability to develop innovative products that will enhance our portfolio and the value we provide to our consumers. We are also committed to restoring our margins and expect to make progress this year. This commodity cycle is clearly different from past cycles. And the time to recover will be elongated due to continued inflation. We are confident in the actions we are taking and in our ability to create meaningful shareholder value over time. I am especially grateful for the dedication of our talented teams and we will continue to do all we can to ensure a safe and rewarding work environment in the year ahead. Thank you all for joining our call today.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience in holding. We now have your presenters in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of this morning short remarks, we will open the floor for questions. And at that time, instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question. It is now my pleasure to introduce today's first presenter, Taryn Miller.
Taryn Miller: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. On the call with me today. Are Mike Hsu, our Chairman and CEO; and Maria Henry, our CFO. Earlier this morning, we issued our earnings news release, and we also published prepared management remarks from Mike and Maria.  The summarized are third quarter results and full-year 2021 outlook. Both documents are available in the investors section of our website. We hope you find it valuable to have our prepared remarks ahead of this call. In just a moment, Mike will share a few opening comments and then we'll take your questions.  During this call, we may make forward-looking statements. Please see the Risk Factors Section of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. We may also refer to adjusted results and outlook both exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. The release has further information about these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. Now, I'll turn it over to Mike.
Mike Hsu: Thank you, Taryn. Good morning, everyone. Before we get to your questions, I would like to offer some perspective on our third quarter and further actions we're taking in response to this dynamic and challenging microenvironment. Organic sales were strong up 4 % in the quarter and included the impact of pricing actions implemented in the second and third quarters. In North America, Personal Care organic sales were up 11 % driven by mid-single digit increased in both net selling price and volume.  In D&E markets, Personal Care organic sales were up 7 %. Organic sales increased double-digits in Argentina, Brazil, China, India, Eastern Europe, and South Africa. Our top-line performance was strong, despite the resurgence of COVID, which impacted growth in ASEAN, Latin American K-C Professional. Our market positions remain strong and improving, reflecting strong innovation and excellent commercial execution in nearly all key markets. Our share positions in North America remains solid with good sequential gains in personal care. Our share performance in D&E markets remains robust, where we continue to strengthen our diaper leadership positions in key markets including China and Brazil. We also continue to focus on cost, with our teams delivering solid savings of $150 million in the quarter. In addition, we reduced between the[Indiscernible] and spending. Now, clearly our margins and earnings costs well beyond the expectation we established just last quarter. I'd like to highlight the effects of three areas of volatility that are most impacting our business. First, as we noted in July, and on the basis of external forecast, we had expected commodity prices to ease in the second half of 2021.  Instead, prices for resin and pulp increased further in the third quarter and are now expected to stabilize at a meaningfully higher level than our prior estimate. Second, a tight U.S. labor market and disruption in domestic and international transportation markets are having an elevated impact on our supply chain as we work to get our products to the shelf and meet consumer demand. Third, energy costs are up dramatically in Europe, where natural gas prices have risen as high as six times year-ago levels. Energy prices in North America are also up sharply, although not to the same extent.  As a result, our margins are down, but were down with declines only partially mitigated by the actions we've taken TO date. We're not pleased with our results and were taken further action to mitigate the impact of higher input and labor costs. These steps include further pricing actions, additional initiatives to ensure we achieve our cost savings goals, and tightening discretionary spending. At the same time, we remain committed to investing in our brands and commercial capabilities. While we expect to see some benefit from these actions in 2021, we have further reduced our outlook for the year. This reflects our third quarter performance and our expectations for the fourth quarter.  And while we're not ready to call our outlook for 2022, I will offer perspective on key variables that will affect our plan next year. First, we continue to build top line momentum. In addition, our pricing actions, brand investment, and commercial program should provide further benefit in 2022. Second, some discrete headwinds we faced this year will be behind us. This includes the U.S. winter storm and presumably consumer tissue destocking. Third, some headwinds we faced this year may become more persistent. We're now expecting further inflation on several key commodities.  We're also expecting continued tightness in the labor and transportation markets, which will continue to impact our global supply chain all the way to our customers. In addition, the going forward impact of COVID on both demand and supply remains very unpredictable. We will continue to move decisively and navigate changing market conditions, we'll also continue to invest in our brands capabilities to maintain brand momentum. Our strategy is working and we remain confident in our future and are confident in our ability to create long-term shareholder value. Now we'd like to address your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions]. Questions will be taken in the order in which they are received. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Our first question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Mike Hsu: Morning, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, guys. How are you.
Mike Hsu: Good. I've been better.
Dara Mohsenian: Yes. It's a tough environment. So you mentioned further pricing actions, Mike, could you just be a little more specific there? Maybe review what you've done globally in terms of percent of portfolio, magnitude of increases generally, where you've taken increases and maybe just some insight in terms of the forward pricing, are you looking at it more on the product category basis, geographic basis? But just as you think about the forward pricing, any more insight would be helpful.
Mike Hsu: Okay,[Indiscernible]. Maybe I'll start a little bit philosophically. And I would say based on our strategy, in our improving margins is a core aspect of K-C 2022 for us. And so we've taken further actions to offset inflation. I mean -- and I believe margin improvement is a fundamental pillar of what we need to do for the Company. And so we expect to fully offset inflation with both pricing and cost reduction, so a combination. And while we took the fully offset that over time, so we announced some further actions in Q3.  The year-to-date, our actions are fairly broad-reaching every region, every business, generally, I wouldn't -- actually, not every single business, but generally across most markets. And so in Q3, we've announced broader actions in North America, professional and consumer Latin America, and other markets selectively. So I would say pretty far reaching. I will tell you Dara, our earlier pricing actions are generally on track as you saw in the release.  We had 3 points of price factor in organic in the quarter. We have seen some other brands move, particularly in North America. I haven't seen significant movement of private label yet. Although I'll note that typically occurs a little bit later, and we've had a little share of softness. But in general, I think our volumes are holding up well.
Dara Mohsenian: Okay. And on the advertising side, certainly you've cut back a bit in this tire commodity environment, is there a point when you get concerned that maybe you've cut back a bit too much? Obviously, you mentioned the market share results remain healthy. But how do you sort of think about flexing that line item and we're sure of voices today in the categories you're competing in?
Mike Hsu: Yes. I mean, I -- you can probably see it in the release. I mean, we feel very good about our organic performance. I think our brands are very fundamentally healthy. And I think our investment in both innovation and commercial programming, especially advertising, are working very hard for us. So we're going to obviously work hard to make sure our margins improve, but we want to maintain that investment in the brands, especially where it's working.  That said, we have made some adjustments in some categories where it felt like it was perhaps a little less effective in the current environment. And so to that extent, we've done that. We have trend our between the line spend a little bit, but that -- I would tell you that's been more on the G&A front than on the MCP front in the quarter. So [Indiscernible] is there something you want to add.
A - Taryn Miller: Yeah, I think I describe it as we're being -- we're being very pragmatic here. We had some challenges on the supply chain side that are affecting us. So we have challenges getting the product to our customers and where we've got a higher demand than we can fulfill at the moment because of the supply chain challenges. We're really looking at what are the near-term returns on our investments, and we've been prioritizing those as we look at the current situation. And so we've trimmed the advertising investment a bit, but that's on the back of significant step-ups for the last two years, and when I look at the year, our expectation is that on a dollar basis, we'll be up nicely from where we were in 2019.
Dara Mohsenian: Okay. And then last question, just as we look out, obviously there's a lot of volatility from a commodity cost standpoint. And things have been moving in the wrong direction, and you're taking a lot of pricing to help offset that. Is there a certain point you can look out to where you think the year-over-year pricing, at least based on the plans that are in place today, as well as spot commodities where we are today, where you are able to fully offset it on a year-over-year basis?  Obviously, there's still -- there's a big gap leaving this year, but I'm wondering on more go-forward basis, is it more in the middle of next year when you think you have enough pricing to offset year-over-year commodity increases? Could it be earlier than that? How do you think through that conceptually? Understanding will be some gap leaving this year, but when on a year-over-year basis do we get to an ability maybe to offset some of these cost pressures from your vantage
Mike Hsu: Yeah, Dara, I mean, that's why we've been saying we'll offset, or get our margins back in line and improving over time with both pricing and cost reduction. I think the middle of next year is probably a good kind of perspective for us.  Because obviously what happened this year was we saw the change in the commodity line, obviously coming out of the first quarter, and so we announced pricing that was effective, or we announced it at the end of the first quarter and it was effective in our second quarter of this year. Certainly, commodities have moved significantly since then.  And so we've made additional actions, and that's going to take us time to implement fully. So, that's one component. The other component I will tell you that looking forward is -- and I think we indicated this about 2022, is the global supply chain is under pressure, and we do expect cost to remain elevated for a period. Not not all costs.  Certainly, I think there's some fundamentals in the Eucalyptus market that would say, hey, there's more capacity coming along, so that should come back a little bit. But the polymer-based products seem like they're going to remain elevated for a little while. We mentioned the U.S. labor costs and pressures on transportation globally, I think that's going to remain elevated for a while because I don't see a fundamental catalysts to change that in the near term. And so that's why we're making some of [Indiscernible]
A - Taryn Miller: I would add it will depend on the -- where commodities go, and any pricing actions that we take from here. So I might be a little bit more cautious than the middle of next year in terms of margin recovery. But we'll have to see how the dynamics play out. I think at this point, it's just -- it's too early to call. What I would say is, we understand the situation, we understand what the drivers are and we'll manage through it with an eye toward recovering our margins over time.
Dara Mohsenian: That's helpful. Thanks. I'll get back in queue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Mike Hsu: Good morning Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: Thank you very much. Good morning. I wanted to just focus in a little bit on the supply chain disruption mentioned briefly in the prepared remarks and you guys just spoke to it a bit, so -- and it's also impacting your sales outlook for this year. So I was hoping you could give us a little bit more color on what categories are we talking about? I s it you're not able to procure inputs, or is it about not being able to get from your factory to the store effectively and which element the supply chain is if it's under pressure and what category should we be looking for that pressure and particularly next quarter.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Okay. Well, maybe I'll start when -- and Maria has probably got much more detail. But I would just -- not to be flipping around, but it is affecting almost kind of all areas of our operation. I mean, certainly, I think you can clearly see on Fiverr and resin-based the commodity challenges. And so I think that's kind of a well-established and visible for you-all. I think maybe -- what, maybe, as a little less clear is kind of how it's rolling through and what I mentioned, labor markets and the transportation market, it ripples through.  And my take would be it, it looks like COVID appears to have increased the demands for goods over the past year or so, and [Indiscernible] shifting expanded a little bit from services to goods. And so, what that -- the other effect of COVID is, and you've read all the articles about the great [Indiscernible] whether that's the case or whether it's more -- that there are a lot more options for hourly work, it has really tightened the hourly labor supply.  And so because of that, that pressure on both sides, increased demands means much more demand for containers or trucking. Less labor means fewer drivers to drive the trucks. And because of that, as you noted in our third -- even in our third quarter, while our service levels are improving significantly, we were not able to get all our orders out the door on the timeline that we wanted. And because of that, that rolls through in multiple ways.  One is we pay higher rates for employees, higher wages -- were paying higher rates for transportation. It's rolling through -- in some cases, our employee tenure is -- has shortened dramatically, and so it's changing how we staff because we have to staff more people to get the product out the door. We've got production outages, missed deliveries, and that ripples through with fines and everything else with customers.  And so there's just the many ways that I think both this pressure on the labor side and the transportation markets ripples through the cost. And that's why you're seeing a little softness in our FORCE delivery. Most of that was because of the elevated costs. I don't know, Taryn do you have more to add?
Taryn Miller: No. I think that was pretty thorough. It's basically across the board getting supply into our mills, getting supply out of our mills, getting the products moved around the distribution network, lots of challenges on the warehouse side. We need to hire -- in a normal time, if we have 30 people given the inefficiencies with the labor and turnover, we might need to have 40 people just to get the same amount of product at the door, as an example. It's -- across the board, primarily in North America. Although in the UK, there's also distribution challenges, it's another market where it impacted our sales in the quarter. And that also has to do with labor related to Brexit. So it's -- I've never seen a supply chain environment like this, and it's affecting us across the P&L.
Mike Hsu: Yeah. Lauren, one thing I'll add is I don't know that there's a -- I think we said in the notes, not a short-term solution here, because it does feel like it's based on fundamentals, which is -- there's more demand for goods. And I think we're seeing that in many categories beyond consumer. And then there's -- it does feel like there's more options for hourly employment, and because of that, that's putting pressure on the labor markets and hiring for the roles that we need, right?
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. And so when you also mentioned about, I think it was in the prepared remarks, that investing in the supply chain to meet demand, this is what we're talking about, just -- it just absorbing these higher costs. It's not structural Capex type investment, it's investment meaning in incremental workers and so on.
Mike Hsu: Yes.
Maria Henry: Right. Its the P&L investment. And then I think I've mentioned this before in terms of overall investment and Capex, and where are those dollars going on, part going to the -- part of the investment is in digital supply chain. And that's been a driver of our Capex and we'll continue to be for several years. And when we -- even when we look at things like the S4 HANA upgrade, we've wrapped a lot of supply chain digital capabilities into that program. But that's not new news.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. Great. I'll leave it there because that was a lot that you gave me. Thanks very much.
Mike Hsu: Sure. Thanks, Lauren.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christopher Carey with Wells Fargo Securities.
Mike Hsu: Morning, Chris.
Christopher Carey: Hey, good morning. Thanks so much. So a couple of category questions actually. On the Personal Care side, can you just maybe expand a bit on the strength that we're seeing in the business? There's been a lot of commentary around challenge birth rates and yet the business continues to see strong growth.  Think North America might seem entailed in[Indiscernible] this quarter. Our forecast was wrong for the birth rates this year, our [Indiscernible] income [Indiscernible] is doing better, is being offset the impact of the job losses. Just any perspective you might be able to provide around why that business seems to be doing better.  And then I'll just add on the second kind of category question here. I mean, I appreciate that the tissue business -- the consumer tissue business is seeing difficult constant continued destocking, but there has been some market losses. I wonder if you could just expand upon that as well. So there's one on the Personal Care side, and then on the tissue side as well, please.
Mike Hsu: Yeah. Overall, Chris, our brand fundamentals are strong and really improving. And I think it's really based on differentiated innovation and excellent local commercial program -- really the driver. And I think our brands are about as healthy as I've seen for as long as I've been here.  Obviously, not all of them are working the way that we would like them to work. But in general, our brands are performing quite well. The birth rate issue mentioned in diapers is real, although there's a couple of dimensions of that, which is one, certainly a big decline in birth rate in China. Five-years ago, there were about 17 or 18 million births and this year, it looks like they'll be about 10 - ish, right?  And somewhere in that range. And that said, it's still going to be a big market and still the largest diaper market in the world for along time. So that's one thing, that's one that's on the downside. The US on the contrast because there was a little bit of decline in births last year that accelerated because of COVID, actually slightly up this year. And actually, we're seeing through the first couple of quarters and the projection is moving towards modest growth in the second half, so that's a bit of positive news. But the overall, I think the reason why you're seeing strong performance on personal care is more what I talked about previously, which is strong innovation pipeline and strong local programming on the commercial side. And what the teams will say it's not any one thing, it's the combination of a plan, meaning great innovation backed with great marketing, with a great sales plan and local execution, all working together. And I think the numbers you may have seen about Personal Care is accelerating globally, it was up 9 in the quarter with a strong recovery in North America that was up 11. And then we're continuing to see that strong performance across D&E in most markets. Making good progress in K-C Professional as well, that was up 12 with North America being up 16, and a healthy balance of both price and volume. And then consumer tissue, although still down in the quarter, was down 6, and down 9 in North America, I would say that was stabilizing. Our consumption in North America was better than our organic, and that's because we're cycling up big year-ago customer or consumer inventory build, that happened in the third quarter. Little bit happened in the fourth quarter last year as well. So we're cycling that. But I would say the good news on consumer tissue globally, it feels like its stabilizing. We have given up a little share in North America, we probably picked up a little share last year on bath tissue because we had a little more availability. Our teams were scrambling to put out as much output as it could, as we felt like there was a lot of consumer need for our products last year. And so we did that and we probably gave back a little share. But again, I think overall we feel like consumer tissue certainly stabilizing versus what we saw in the first and second quarters.
Christopher Carey: If I could just think things for that, if I could just have one follow-up. Just on the pricing in consumer tissue, I was surprised to see it come in relatively low given the magnitude of the inflation that is historical as you've mentioned a number of times today. Is that just a function of timing? Was there promotional event in the quarter that offset some of the pricing? Do you expect that to build significantly from here?  Just any perspective. Or is that a function of some of the market share issues you're seeing at? Maybe not pricing, as much as -- any perspective you might be able to just provide on the pricing and the consumer tissue business. And maybe how you see that shaping up in the very near-term. Thanks for that.
Mike Hsu: Yeah, consumer [Indiscernible] particularly in North America, will build as the year goes and into next year. And so, yes, so there was not that much in this year and then we did have a little additional trade investment versus a year ago, and so that offsets some of it, but we expect that to continue to build as the year goes.
Christopher Carey: Okay. Thanks so much.
Mike Hsu: Great. Thank you, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Mike Hsu: Good morning. Kevin,
Kevin Grundy: Great. Good morning, Mike, morning, Maria.
Maria Henry: Morning.
Kevin Grundy: Mike, I wanted to wanted to come back just on market share. You touched on a moment ago, and you didn't seem overly concerned about the U.S., as we look at the Nielsen data, it's down across the board for the most part, in the most recent four weeks and 12 weeks; and to your point, Mike, it has been more pronounced in tissue and towel, but it's not entirely tissue and towel.  So I just wanted to get your opinion, your view on where you stand in the U.S., your relative satisfaction, how you believe your supply chain may or may not be more impacted, or impacted to a greater degree by some of the supply chain issues out there. And how you're thinking about, just broadly, to a question earlier, just pulling back on spending in light of some of the market share trends, which I suspect they're probably not where you'd hope they'd be, but I can stop there and then I have a follow-up.
Mike Hsu: No, thank you for keeping us up for honest on the shares. But what I would say, we're improving from a tight supply situation, and so that's probably the big thing. And so we're recovering really well. I think we have for the year up, we're even in 4 of 8 categories in North America. That's a little less than what I would like. But 7 of 8 sequentially, so we're making progress.  And so if you remember, Kevin, we had really tight supply situation toward the end of the first quarter, and that flowed through the whole second quarter. We're down mid-single-digit share points, I think in diapers at that point. And so the team has really done a nice job recovering. I think in diapers, we're up 340 basis points sequentially in the quarter. And just about even, maybe a little bit less than even on share overall in the quarter. So we feel good about the recovery. I think we're making good progress in adult care tissue. As I mentioned, on the bath tissue side, we're a little soft because we had maybe a little [Indiscernible] by this year that I was hoping to hold on to, but we haven't held onto it. But that was more due to availability.  Kleenex is up pretty good, pretty substantially, and we feel good about that although the category is down. And then on towels, yes, we're down about -- a little over a point. The issue there is given supply conditions, we have shifted some of our supply of production from towels to bath, and that's caused part of that. Overall, I would say that the brands are moving in the right direction, not all, but we feel like we have the right plans in place and we're going to continue to make progress.
Kevin Grundy: Got it. Got it. Thanks, Mike. And then a quick follow-up for both of you, just on trade promotion, Mike, I think you made a comment that the between-the-line spending was down, I believe that you said or maybe down sequentially. Just clarify on that. It's not just Kimberly-Clark's, but broadly for CPG, they continue to promotion levels are moving higher and understandably moving higher off of lower basis in the prior year.  But sort of triangulating that with the cost environment. What is sort of the logic between the CPG companies and retailers at this point to move trade promotion higher? Is there a right level? Is the normalization, we want to get back to pre -pandemic levels and if so, why? What is the sense behind that, particularly in the current environment? And then I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Can -- maybe I'll comment on the trade and Maria, maybe can comment on the between the lines. But one -- in North America, in particular, I think [Indiscernible] promotion levels have moved back to "typical levels ". The percent -- as measured by percent promo sold on -- or percent sold on promotion was down 50 % to 75 % last year as we all curtail promotions because of demand.  At this point, I'd say it's returned to historical levels, both in Personal Care, which happened about the third quarter of last year, and then in consumer tissue, this quarter or the third quarter this year. The philosophically -- I do think retailers do believe brand [Indiscernible] occurs with brands and so promotions continue to be important our categories.  There is potentially some share shifting. Frankly, my emphasis would be on the -- what I call the high road approach to growing brands, which is growing brands through great innovation and marketing. And using trade and promotion as a fundamental element of that to support what we're doing from a marketing perspective.  But I don't really value share from promotion alone. In general, we're going to be focusing on being efficient with how we spend our promotions and being disciplined about it. Especially Kevin, as you might imagine in this environment where certainly pricing and price realization is important, given what's happening with the cost front.
Kevin Grundy: Got it. Thanks, Mike.
Maria Henry: And then on the rest of it, just generally on between the lines for the quarter at 15.6%, that low. And the main driver of that is around incentive comp. As you can imagine with the updated forecast, the incentive payments will be meaningfully lower. And in the third quarter, we not only stepped those down, but we also had basically an accrual adjustment true-up from the first half. So there was a sizable benefit on incentive comp reflected in the third quarter.  And I will call out that we expect in the fourth quarter that the between the lines will step back up. And that's two things. We won't have the incentive comp true-up accrual, and seasonally, our SG&A runs higher in the fourth quarter than in the rest of the year.
Kevin Grundy: Got it. Thank you both. It's so seemingly, Mike, it's the retailers that are driving more of this. Just not to put words in your mouth, but it seems like there's an appetite there among the retailers to normalize the categories. Is that fair?
Mike Hsu: Well, I don't -- I wouldn't put it all at retailers. I think the manufacturers also rely on it as well. Maybe -- certainly my kind of attitude or philosophy for it is, I think I've said it before, I don't like to rent share through promotion. If we can use promotion to drive the trial that we want on our innovation, I'm supportive of that.  And so that's a little, but I may have a slightly different take than others, but I wouldn't lay it all at the feet of our customers. They're great partners. Our categories matter to them, and obviously, they matter a lot to us. And so it's a symbiotic relationship.
Kevin Grundy: Understood. Thank you for all the color. I appreciate it. Good luck.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Peter Grom with UBS.
Mike Hsu: Morning, Peter
Peter Grom: Hey, good morning. Maria and Mike I just want to go back to the 2022 margin recovery, and maybe just a housekeeping one first. I'd like following up on Gary's question, the halfway through the year or maybe a little bit longer is when you [Indiscernible] margin expansion; is that year-over-year, or when you expect margins to return to more normal historical levels? And is that gross margin or operating margin?  My thought would be expansion in gross margin, but just wanted to confirm.And then this is a bit more conceptual, but I just want to understand how you think about adding back advertising next year, particularly after[Indiscernible] supplies constraint get better and gross margin improves.  Like how do you balance recovery of operating margins back to the high teens, versus reinvesting back in the business to set yourself up for growth in years to come, particularly given the lower spend you'll be cycling this year? Thanks.
Taryn Miller : Sure. Peter, I'll start and then Mike can chime in. The -- next year, we will have some interesting dynamics, and it's probably going to be a bit of a tale of two-half when you look at the first half of this year and the second half of this year, that's going to drive some year-over-year comps that will have some
Maria Henry: different dynamics. And as I've said, we'll have to see really how commodities play out and how pricing plays out, and I would characterize it as we'll look to recover margins over time if we are very focused on margin recovery.  And exactly when that's going to happe, I'm not prepared to say, but we'll have a lot more to say on that in January when we have three months more of visibility and three months more of additional actions that we'll take as a management , we're working through our 2022 planning cycle now.  And so, we're pulling that together. And given the volatility and the lack of visibility that we've had, it's too early to call the year, but we'll give you our best view in January. And Mike, I think you can probably comment on advertising and how you see that unfolding.
Mike Hsu: Peter, we've actually increased our advertising investment significantly over the last few years and we feel good about that. And clearly, I think that's showing up in the numbers in terms of the organic growth and the overall health of the brands that we've -- as I talked about earlier on this call. So, we feel good about that.  I would say at this point, we will look to continue to build that where we're probably operating kind of in the five plus or minus range -- 5 % range of sales. It is still a little lower than our primary competitors. I would like that to be higher over time, although we probably never will match some of our competitors at the same levels they will.  But I still think we can productively invest more and make that a win-win for the brand while growing our margins at the same time. The unique thing about advertising of this -- in this environment, or as digitals unfolded is the returns are much better than they historically have been. And so we continue to improve our efficiencies, we're getting better at that. And so for us, we're going to continue to look for ways to grow the business.  And that's going to include through advertising investment. At the same time, Maria and I will also work to deliver a balanced plan that will deliver as we just mentioned, margin improvement over time, while delivering improved organic growth.
Maria Henry: Thank you. Yeah, and I'd add that[Indiscernible] even outside of the advertising, and when we look at between the lines of spending, I commented earlier by embedded in there. I should note, beyond incentive compensation dynamics, we are reducing other discretionary spending, including in the kind of core of SG&A.  And at the same time we're continuing to invest primarily around IT digital types of investments and our commercial capability development, and so on the P&L you don't see the full net effect of the actions that we're taking there, because we are continuing to invest.
Taryn Miller : We -- the commodity inflation ran up on us quickly. It was far in excess of what we expected in the third quarter. But we're continuing to make investments in the Company for the long term, and we're very committed to doing that, and focused on the long-term health of the Company and the brands.
Peter Grom: Great. Thank you so much and best of luck.
Taryn Miller : Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Hey, guys.
Mike Hsu: Hey, Steve,
Steve Powers: Hey, Mike. Could you talk a little bit about [Indiscernible] savings? It just -- it's coming a little bit -- the lower end of your plan. And against the rising cost backed up, I guess, I've been sort of [Indiscernible] to think of those two numbers as positively correlated. So as cost inflation goes up, your procurement savings tend to also increase.  Obviously, we're not seeing that right this moment. So is that -- what do I glean -- which I gleaned from that and in the near-term? And is it temporary that that reaccelerate  does [Indiscernible] savings reaccelerate to '22 because of timing issue or is it some kind of indication that you're starting to run out of runway on force?
Taryn Miller : Sure. We're definitely not running out of runway on FORCE, and we continue to see opportunities in the supply chain, and some of the digital supply chain investments that I referenced earlier in the call will help us unlock those opportunities.  The FORCE cost savings for this year is really affected by the supply chain challenges that we've been facing, which are a headwind for our cost savings. And it's related to production and distribution inefficiencies caused by demand volatility, and also the logistics issues that we've been talking about. The way that the FORCE cost savings program works is
Maria Henry: I've been negotiating material prices, a piece of it, which I'll come back and talk about in a minute. And then we have core productivity in our supply chain operations, as well as product revisions to achieve design-to-value savings.  So in the quarter, we had very good savings associated with the negotiated material prices. We also had benefits from productivity improvements and product changes, but not as much as we were hoping. And you have to net positive in terms of total delivered cost for it to count as FORCE cost savings.  So as you have headwinds coming in, they offset the gross FORCE cost savings that we would report, and that's really what we're seeing now; the headwinds that are flowing through manufacturing are dampening the net results of FORCE, but there are strong gross savings there. The other issue that we thought on FORCE is, our supply chain folks are very focused on managing through this near-term environment to get product produced and to get it to customers, so it can get in the hands of consumers.  And that leaves less time for our employees to be working on productivity initiatives within the supply chain. So it's really those two things that are lowering the FORCE cost savings number for this year. But we have a healthy amount of room to go in terms of driving supply chain productivity as we move forward.
Steve Powers: Got it. So playing it back. As the bottlenecks on supply chain hopefully alleviate themselves, then you have essentially some pent-up FORCE savings that just -- that should come to the surface.
Maria Henry: We do, and I should go back to the other part of your question, right? There's really two pieces of those force cost savings. The negotiated material prices, our savings are much higher this year given the contract structures versus the rapid inflation on the commodity side.  Those contracts get reset on a regular basis, so it will be reset at higher level. So when I look forward, I wouldn't expect as much benefit as we had this year just if you think about where we were coming into 2020 versus where commodities went, we got a sizable benefit in force there this year, so that piece of it. But on the core productivity, I would expect us to have more savings on that part of it as we move forward.
Steve Powers: Perfect. And if I could pivot, we talked to incremental pricing, and like you touched upon through the views on trade and promo in the conversation with Kevin. But I was just -- I guess I was looking to think about next year and whether the path to margin recovery is really less price-focused. Or if there are sizable revenue growth management opportunities that you have around the list price, just what the balance of that is, as we start to think about just the building blocks into '22?
Mike Hsu: Yeah. It's all of that. So a great question, Steve, and great perspective. I think I would share yours, which is, it's -- I think it's a balanced deployment. Obviously, this year we went with [Indiscernible] because it can be a little quicker and a little more efficient to implement for both us and our customers. T hat said, I think long-term in our categories, I would say for us, it will be a combination of list pack, right -- pack counts and pack architecture, right, and sizing, and then also promotion strategy, right? And I think all those are fertile ground for us. I've been talking about Revenue Growth Management for a couple of years now.  We're still early in the journey and getting better at it, but we have a lot of great tools globally that we're using to support our planning, and I think we're getting more and more disciplined about it. And again, I think the balance across the levers will be important for us into next year, but I think going forward.
Steve Powers: Great. Thanks to you both, appreciate it.
Mike Hsu: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets.
Mike Hsu: Good morning, Nik.
Nik Modi: Yeah, thanks. Good morning. Good morning. So Mike, just question on price elasticity, obviously things have looked pretty good, the consumer's in pretty good shape. But our stimulus fades, all that cash these consumers are sitting on starts to dwindle us into 2022.  How are you guys thinking about potential pricing and price elasticities? Just, I feel like more it's going need to happen because we all -- I think get the joke here that costs are going to continue to rise. And so I just wanted to get an understanding, do you have any strategies in place to minimize the amount of price shock that some of these consumers might feel as we get into 2022?
Mike Hsu: Yeah. Nik, hey. I was just talking about what, Steve, again, I think we've invested a lot of tools and so at this point, I think our elasticity modeling is pretty good, fairly accurate. I would say, given our categories, Nik, that the elasticity tends to be a little less when realized than what predicted just because if you look at these bath tissue, the consumption doesn't change that much. Maybe the value tier you purchased that may shift a little bit.  And so there is that dynamic, but we are sensitive toward that and it's also what's core in our strategy, is developing a great value proposition to our consumer. And so we're always cognizant of that. And I think one of the things that we've done in many markets around the world is offer a great proposition on both the value side and also the premium side. And while our strategy generally is to elevate our categories and expand our categories, I do think pricing on our categories, where the premiumization of our categories a little less than some of the others that I worked in the past.  So I still think there's a room to grow. However, we want to be able to shift. And that's we've done in a market like Latin America. And one of the reasons why we've grown share this year is because we've been able to pivot between our premium tier and our value tier. For reference, two years ago, we were making a student body left to go premium and we shifted a significant portion of our mix in Brazil from value to premium.  And over the past 18 months, we've been shifting it back the other way because that's what the consumer needs. And so we're really cognizant of that, we're aware of the elasticities. Thus far, I would say, our volumes have held up, although I think what's really happening is we're seeing the intended elasticity, but we do have brand growth initiatives that are offsetting some elasticity impact.
Nik Modi: Great. Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Mike Hsu: All right. Thanks, Nik.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Mike Hsu: Morning, Jason.
Jason English: Hey, morning, folks. Thanks for slotting me in. Two questions. First is to follow-up for clarification. I thought Dara asked when you expect price and cost to be effectively net neutral, not when -- I don't think he asked when do you expect margins [Indiscernible] I think most of the answers have been around margin recovery, but so can you clarify -- you're not expecting price to be caught up with costs until the back half of the next year or not even? Like even that's too optimistic. It's somewhere beyond the midpoint of next year when price actually catches up with costs ceteris paribus.
Taryn Miller : I think we'll hold on the 2022 comments until we get to January, and then we'll have more to say about that. Once we have three months more visibility into what's happening in the commodity market, what's happening with price that's either in the market or will be in the market, and we'll give you our best view there.I don't think it's productive to speculate on that right at this point, given the volatility.
Jason English: Yeah. I'm just trying to get you to tell me what you actually said because I think I've heard like 2 different explanations on next year. So if you actually said a lot in 2022, I'm just looking for clarification on what you actually did say. But I appreciate if you don't want to add more. Pivoting back to just the core business then, good momentum on Personal Care. You're getting the price, your market shares are holding up, the business is turn back to the degree of profit growth. All pretty encouraging, but the tissue business looks very different, especially on the margin degradation side and the lack of price momentum. Can you elaborate on what's holding you back on price? What actions have you taken? What is in market now and why are we not seeing more momentum on price so far?
Mike Hsu: Again, I think what you see in our Personal Care, we did move very early on when we had our commodity forecast update in the first quarter, and so we did move on that. At the time, I think the tissue side or the fiber side was less clear. And so I would say we probably moved a little slower on the tissue side. We haven't announced some broad pricing actions in multiple markets since then. And so that's why I said earlier, Jason, that I would expect our tissue price realization to continue to improve as the year progresses.
Jason English: Have you raised prices in the U.S., in tissue.
Mike Hsu: We announced some price changes in August with our retailers.
Jason English: Got it. Thank you.[Indiscernible]
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. So I have two questions. One is a follow-up on the supply chain disruptions. Looking ahead on availability of raw materials, interest rotation lines, I believe those will linger into the first-half of 2022, setting aside the pricing commentary that you may not be ready to -- just in terms of availability of raw materials and transportation.  And then, a second one on the category growth between track and on track channels. [Indiscernible] you just see breaks growing faster than e-commerce because of the tough comparisons in the quarter? And do you see the share issues that you alluded to in North America mostly due to the fact that your competitors took longer to take pricing, or is that more of a availability issue? Thank you.
Taryn Miller : I'll start with supply chain disruptions. I didn't see a near-term catalyst for them improving. I think the labor issues in the U.S. are very real, and that's where we're feeling the [Indiscernible] of the challenges on the supply chain side. More globally, I mentioned the U.K. market, but also with global shipping, those issues are also quite challenging in a number of our
Maria Henry: markets. But the most acute issues and meaningful cost increases versus what we had been expecting is in North America, and that the labor market in the U.S., I just don't see a near-term catalyst, so I think the headwinds and the increased distribution costs will certainly be with us into 2022, and we'll have to see all of this plays out. It's not just affecting us, of course, it's affecting companies quite broadly, and we're we're all dealing with these challenges. And then, Mike, on category and share, I'll turn that one over to you.
Mike Hsu: Yeah, Andrea. Yeah. Again, online continues to perform very well for us, and then on-track as well. And so I think that's probably why there's probably discrepancy in our view of our market share performance, which we see as a little stronger than maybe what you might see. And so overall, we feel very good about that and the category growth, actually in both channels and I think our brands are performing well.  The issue that we've had on share, a couple of different areas. In North America, it's primarily been an issue around supply. And so even though we've made substantial improvement in our fulfillment throughout the course of the year, we're still not meeting all orders out there. And so our share's still a little light from that dimension.  And then in a couple other markets, again, I think it is, as you point out, maybe some relative price indices that have expanded a little bit in the short-term. We have moved on pricing in most markets. And while we've generally seen moves from branded competition, we haven't seen that in all markets. And so there's still a little softness we're experiencing in Western Europe and in some markets in Latin America.
Andrea Teixeira: And Mike, just to -- and I appreciate you both, but just on the track channels and non-track e-commerce, how much it grew this quarter vis -  - vis last year, and how much it represents now globally. [Indiscernible] you have the [Indiscernible] number, it would be helpful.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Overall, globally, we're probably in the mid-to-high [Indiscernible] at this point. I don't have the growth rate offhand, but it -- yeah, in the -- double -- strong double-digits is what I would say.
Andrea Teixeira: On top of [Indiscernible] -- I would just [Indiscernible] also very strong performance last year. Or last year, you could have --
Mike Hsu: Strong performance last year. Right. With the great news being our fastest grower was our biggest market. So that was good last year. And so, again, online continues to be important and increasingly important. And we're operating very well there.
Andrea Teixeira: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There are no more questions at this time.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Well, thank you all for taking the time to be with us today. We're working hard to drive sustainable brand growth and taking further action to ensure that we improve our margins and earnings profile. So thank you all.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-23 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience in holding. We now have your presenters in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of this mornings short remarks, we will open the floor for questions. At that time, instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question.  It is now my pleasure to introduce today's first presenter, Taryn Miller, VP of Finance and Interim Head of Investor Relations.
Taryn Miller: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's second quarter earnings conference call. On the call with me today are Mike Hsu, our Chairman and CEO; and Maria Henry, our CFO. Earlier this morning, we issued our earnings news release, and we also published prepared management remarks from Mike and Maria that summarize our second quarter results and full year 2021 outlook. Both documents are available on the Investors section of our website. We hope you find it valuable to have prepared remarks ahead of this call. In just a moment, Mike will share a few opening comments and then we'll take your questions. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. We may also refer to adjusted results and outlook. Both exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. The release has further information about these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures.  Now I'll turn it over to Mike.
Mike Hsu : Okay. Thank you, Taryn. Good morning, everyone. Before we get into the Q&A, I'd like to offer some additional perspective on our performance. Clearly, our results did not turn out as we expected, and we knew it was a tough comp, given our strong growth and record profitability in the year-ago quarter. Now while we expected volatility this year, the external environment has proven to be even more volatile than our expectation at the beginning of the year and versus our April update. Since we spoke in April, commodity inflation has spiked higher and our supply chain has been challenged. These dynamics are impacting us and, more broadly, the industry. We're also navigating historic levels of demand volatility in consumer tissue. Last year, we worked really hard to support our consumers and our customers as demand increased at a record pace. While we expected the category to retract this year, that decline has meaningfully outpaced our expectations. This has been driven by reduced at-home consumption due to increased mobility and destocking of both consumer pantries and retailer inventory. Consumer tissue has historically been very stable and we expect demand to normalize over time. We remain confident in our brand fundamentals even as we acknowledge that the short-term tissue outlook has been difficult to call. We've taken decisive action to offset the impact of raw material inflation. We have announced pricing in key markets around the world. Our pricing actions are on track, and we expect to fully offset the effects of input cost inflation over time as we've done in previous cycles. We've also taken prudent steps to control and reduce discretionary spend across the business. We expect this to be reflected in our results as we continue to implement these actions. We view this level of input cost inflation and the COVID-driven demand volatility to be discrete issue. We will continue to take appropriate action to reduce the impact of volatility over time. At the same time, we remain confident and committed to our approach to building brands. Despite near-term challenges, we have plenty of bright spots in our business. Our strategy to invest in our brands is working. You can see this in our second quarter results broadly across personal care and especially in D&E markets. Excluding North American consumer tissue, our organic sales were up 4%. Personal care organic sales were up 6% globally, driven by a 4% volume increase. In D&E markets, personal care organic sales were up 8%, with very strong market share performance including in China, Brazil, throughout Eastern Europe, India, Peru, and South Africa. We've recently captured #1 diaper share positions in China and Brazil, which reflects the strength of our brand fundamentals with consumers. Importantly, we're starting to see green shoots in K-C Professional. The business grew year-over-year and sequentially as we saw strength in international markets and positive trends in washroom products. As more companies transition back to in-person environments, we expect KCP momentum to improve in the back half. We're encouraged by our underlying brand performance and have made significant progress in addressing the supply challenges we faced earlier this year in our North American personal care business. Looking forward to the second half, we are expecting better results across the business. We believe the major factors impacting this quarter do not reflect the fundamental health of our business. We remain committed to our strategy to deliver balanced and sustainable growth for the long term. We'll continue to execute K-C Strategy 2022 and we'll invest in our business for the future. This includes investments in innovation, commercial capabilities, and technology. Importantly, I also want to emphasize that we are acutely aware of the impact that this pandemic continues to have on our employees, our consumers and our partners and the world. We will continue to prioritize the health and safety of our people and all that interact with Kimberly-Clark.  Now with that, we'd like to address your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Wanted to first, to start with, I think, the biggest question, which is relatively short term but is the guidance reduction for this year. And I think it'd be helpful for everyone to just hear a bit about your degree of confidence that like, this is it, right? The environment has been incredibly volatile, but as you look forward from here, to what degree have you built in flexibility for things to perhaps worsen. So I think that's sort of an important starting point. And along with that, within the inflation basket, what has been the biggest delta versus when you last communicated an outlook to the guidance to the Street back in April?
Mike Hsu : Got it. Thanks, Lauren. Yes, a couple of things. I'll start with the outlook and I'll ask Maria to provide a little more color. But first of all, I'll just say overall, my view on the outlook is, it reflects certainly, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, significant changes in that external environment that we, here, view as being discrete issues and that really -- that we're managing and fully managing, I would say the 2 issues that we're talking about are one, raw material inflation and then the consumer tissue demand changes, particularly in North America. And if you add it up, Lauren, year-on-year, if you add those two, it's well over $3 of EPS on a year-over-year basis. So it's a pretty significant increase. Obviously, given that amount and given our outlook, we are covering a significant portion of that, but we can't practically cover all of that this year, all right? And so, what I would say is; part 1, our pricing implementation is largely on track and we expect to fully offset inflation over time, not all this year but over time. And then the North American consumer tissue volatility is COVID-driven, and I view that as more episodic in nature or temporary in nature, and I think the team is doing a very good job navigating it. But certainly, Lauren, it's a little tougher managing shortfalls in the category versus some of the gains that we went up against last year. And so those are, I think, two that I would say are discrete issues. The big delta on the commodities, perhaps that's less visible to all of you is the polymer resin side of the business, right? So you could see the -- you could track the eucalyptus prices which have kind of remained in the space that we've called, but what's really escalated is resin, which I think for the full year, our estimate it will be up almost 100% and certainly at historic highs for us. And that should abate at some point, but I think it's -- initially, we thought that was going to come down some in the back half but it looks like the highs are staying high longer. And so, that does reflect some of the pricing that we've taken. So overall, I think those are really the 2 big issues. I do really want to point out, Lauren, that our brands are fundamentally very healthy, and we continue to see really robust growth around the world in both organic and in share. And even we're really, really pleased with our North American personal care recovery. Although we are a little light on share, I would say almost all of that is related to supply issues. We still under-shipped orders significantly in the quarter despite being positive on organic growth in the quarter. And so, we feel good about where the business is and where our brand fundamentals are, and we're expecting a stronger Q3 in our personal care business. But maybe, Maria, do you want to add some color?
Maria Henry: Yes, sure. I'll -- on your first question, Lauren, about the full year outlook, we've been wrong twice now, and so it's an incredibly dynamic environment that we're operating in. And the changes versus our expectations are clearly on the input cost side as well as how the consumer tissue category in North America has unfolded here. So when I think about the guidance range that we've provided, we have 6 months left to go in the year, and there's $0.25 still in the range, and I don't like to take guidance down ever. And since we've done it twice, you can rest assured that the guidance that we provided is both thoughtful and based on the trends that we see, allowing for some ranges given how dynamic this current environment is. And then on the outlook for operating margin compared to three months ago, a couple of the things that I'd call out, higher commodity costs, lower volumes in consumer tissue, and along with these lower volumes. Theres associated fixed cost absorption. The tissue business generally runs at very high utilization rates and has high fixed costs, and the actions that we've taken to offset that also go into our outlook, which include higher cost savings and reduce between-the-lines spending.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, great. And Maria, when I look forward -- I mean, it feels maybe a bit early, but to look forward into next year, as I think about the headwinds that you faced year-to-date from those higher manufacturing costs, be it a combination of the storm impact in Q1 and really more materially the negative operating leverage, like the absorption on tissue, I mean as we look into '22, simply the absence of those factors, if you just go back to a more normalized demand environment for tissue, right, those should be -- they should just go away next year. I mean, is there anything I'm missing as I think about that kind of impact to profitability from operating leverage and higher manufacturing costs looking into next year and as we start to compare against these periods?
Maria Henry: Yes. I'll say two things. It's very tempting to talk about 2022 given where we are with this year and the very unusual dynamics that we're facing. I'm going to resist that temptation as the environment has been quite dynamic. And I think we're best off waiting to see another 6 months before we call 2022, given that the macro factors are moving so much. But that said, Lauren, the way you're thinking about it is correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: So Mike, you mentioned you expect to be able to fully offset the cost pressures with pricing over time. Is that with just pricing alone, to be clear? Does that include other areas like cost savings, and just given the inflations unprecedented this year, do you think you have pricing in place by year-end to fully offset those cost pressures or might it take a longer period of time to realize the pricing necessary and sort of a couple of rounds of price increases? How do you think about that? And I'm particularly focused on how you think about pricing just given the magnitude of that inflation is much worse than it typically is when you take pricing.
Mike Hsu : Yes, great question. I would say yes and yes. I'm not trying to be flip. But I would say, one, generally, we've taken really broad-based pricing action globally, almost -- I wouldn't say all markets but in nearly all key markets and pretty extensive. The price -- and the pricing ranges from mid-single digit to high-single digit, in some cases, double-digits, right, and so pretty extensive pricing. Obviously, we couldn't recover all of that given timing because we announced in March, generally implemented in June or in beginning of the third quarter, so we'll get a half year run on the pricing and then a full year as we get into next year. That said, commodities have continued to move, but even as we announced our pricing, part two of pricing is we remain committed to leveraging our revenue growth management capability. And there's a lot of other levers that we can pull beyond list to continue to manage pricing in our environment and we're committed to doing that. So that's part one. I do think kind of given where we are, and I think it's normal and reasonable to expect that, we're also going to leverage our cost savings program. I mean, we have a very strong program, as you're well aware, on FORCE and we've kind of beefed that up over the course of the past year or so, and we feel good about that. And so we'll continue to leverage that. So overall, again, I think the answer is yes on both. The bigger thing, Dara, is we do recognize the impact of raw material inflation over time. In our categories, they tend to be a little more volatile. And we're -- a fundamental underpinning of our strategy is margin improvement. And so because of that, we believe we really have to, on an ongoing basis, offset the effect of inflation over time.
Dara Mohsenian: Okay. And just 1 follow-up on the pricing front, where you have implemented pricing so far. What's the retailer reaction and receptivity been like? And it'd be early to judge consumer receptivity, but obviously, some pretty large price increases in your portfolio. So just any thoughts on the ability of consumers to handle that higher pricing and impact on market share, and any thoughts there on what we might see going forward would be helpful.
Mike Hsu : Yes. Look, we never take pricing actions lightly, and we know they can be stressful for both the retailer and our consumers and their shoppers. So we think hard about that. I will say, we believe our pricing actions globally are generally on track. And I think broadly, the retailer conversations, though never easy, I would say, have been largely constructive. And certainly, they understand what's happening in the cost environment and so we're working through that. And then I think from an execution perspective, our teams have done a phenomenal job executing rapidly around the world. I would say in terms of other brands, I would say generally, we've seen a lot of the other brands move in a similar direction. I wouldn't say identical but directionally in that same place. But the execution of other brands and private label tends to vary market-by-market. And so some will lag a bit more but I would say, generally, we feel like our pricing actions are on track.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: A question for you, Mike, on advertising and marketing. So it looks like you did decide to defer some investments, which is unsurprising in the current environment. The intention was clearly not to do that. Maybe, Mike, just spend a moment on where you decided to pull back and why. And then just -- I know this is difficult, we can appreciate that in the current environment, but balancing appropriate levels of investment behind your best and highest return ideas with the current commodity cost environment. And then I have a follow-up.
Mike Hsu : Yes. So overall, the thing about it, and when I say our challenges are kind of discrete, the challenges, as I'll remind you, I'm sure you remember, Kevin, is like the inflation in North American tissue. In the balance of our markets, our businesses are performing very well and generally above-plan. And so I would say maybe the thing I'll land with you is despite our near-term challenges, we're really focused on improving our long-term growth profile. We're really confident that our balanced sustainable approach to building brands is working and that the brand fundamentals globally are very healthy and that we're improving our market positions. We were up in share in about -- by our tracking, about 2/3 of our market category combinations in the quarter and so we feel good about that. And the brands continue to respond well to strong investment. I mean, we had multi-share point gains in infant child care across China, South Korea, Australia, New Zealand, in India, Indonesia, Eastern Europe, Argentina, Peru, pretty much double-digit growth in Brazil. So we feel good about the overall performance of the business. So because of that, we're really maintaining investment where that's working and where the businesses are on plan. We have dialed back in some markets. You can assume, for example, in North American bath tissue, given that the fluctuation in the category, we have chosen to pull back a little bit on the spending. And we're going to continue to do that. We're going to operate with discipline. I think we talked about it in prior quarters, but there is as much a mass component to our advertising program as there is a creative component, and we're pretty disciplined. It's kind of how we manage all of our consumer investments, whether that's trade or marketing. And so we're pretty disciplined on the ROI. And so our teams are reacting as you would probably hope that they would. Maria, do you have anything to add?
Maria Henry: Yes. The only thing I'll add is if you look at our full year outlook, what's the thought on advertising is that it's down somewhat to 2020 for the reasons Mike just discussed but it's well ahead of 2019 on a dollar basis.
Kevin Grundy: Got it. Thanks, Maria. One quick follow-up for both of you. Just on capital allocation and M&A, we saw that the buyback outlook came down with a lower earnings outlook. But when you're going through the type of environment you're going through now, you can't say pricing fast enough and even sort of leaning in and getting the organization behind productivity is still not enough to offset the sort of commodity cost pressure. Does it sort of give you pause with respect to the M&A strategy over time, and the school of thought that the company should look to diversify the portfolio away from some of these commodity sensitive categories and do that in a disciplined and accretive way? So your thoughts there would be helpful then I'll pass it on.
Mike Hsu : Yes. We're always looking at acquisition or M&A opportunities, right, and whether that means additions to the portfolio or subtractions to the portfolio. Certainly, you saw that last year with Softex, which continues to be a really exciting opportunity for us and that business is performing very, very well, by the way, up in the teens, up multiple share points in the quarter. So we're super excited about that. Given where you are, I think we'll continue to look for opportunity to enhance the portfolio, and certainly, on both the plus, whether it's attractive markets or attractive categories. But also, we're going to continue to look hard at our performance of our existing categories and businesses that don't add to our overall growth profile or aren't going to be ongoingly accretive to our business, we're going to take a hard look at it. And so again, we manage capital with incredible rigor and discipline. And hopefully, that's what our investors will appreciate about our approach.
Maria Henry: Yes. And on the buyback specifically, our -- at the midpoint of our guidance, our operating profit now expected to be down $450 million year-over-year. And you'll recall that in January, when we were coming into the year that our target for buybacks, we were expecting operating profit to be up slightly. So with the reduced cash flow coming into the business, that's really what's behind the reduction of $250 million to $300 million on the share buybacks. And then in terms of capital allocation, we also trimmed our CapEx plans for the year by $100 million, and we remain committed to the single-A credit rating and to make all of that work after having leaned into it with the restructuring as well as the acquisition of Softex, that's how we make all of that math work.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities.
Christopher Carey: So I just want to actually touch on the consumer tissue outlook for the back half of the year. It seems to me that the kind of the important part to making the outlook work, but at the same time, you had noted, that's an area that's been a little tougher to call. And I guess, I'm trying to understand maybe just a little bit of the confidence around the normalization which you had noted in your prepared remarks. It seems to me that market share has really peaked during COVID, maybe some capacity benefits and that you just -- you've seen some reversion in market share back to pre-COVID levels. And so if you kind of run it flat to 2, 3 years ago, it's sort of unchanged. And I guess what I'm getting at is just what exactly you think is occurring in that business, and just maybe specifically, the types of things that you're seeing that give you confidence in this reacceleration in that business in the back half, which again to me seems to be kind of the important factor in making the full year outlook work.
Mike Hsu : Okay. Yes, great question, Chris. And I'll try to unpack it and we can go back and forth on this a little bit. First, let me just say, I remain very confident in our North American tissue business. And we've got great brands, performed very well last year. I do think we have given back some share this year. What happened last year when the category spiked, and at this point last year, I think the category was up about 30% or so. Consumers were looking for tissue and our customers were looking for tissue. And so our organization really moved aggressively to try to serve our customers and consumers at a point where we felt like they needed us the most. And so we really pulled out all the stops. We probably did gain a little bit of share, particularly on a brand like Cottonelle, where we had a little more availability than maybe some of the other brands in the marketplace. And so it looks like to us, while our share is down a bit this year, I do think it's kind of reverted maybe to the prior year levels to some degree. And we'll continue to go forward and earn our share growth over time on that business. But we feel like our brands are healthy, but we are navigating what I would say is like the most volatile part of the demand curve that we experienced last year. So the front half is where all the spikes in demand. And so there are really 2 effects there is the spike in consumer demand and then there was a corollary effect on retailer supply. And so maybe the 1 disconnect that you might not have visibility to the data are the category in the quarter in North America, and I'm talking bath tissue specifically was down 12% in consumption, okay? And then our shipments were down about 27%. And so the difference between the 12% and the 27% is really, for us, we estimate as retailer inventory changes. And what happened last year on the inventory side was, I think exiting Q1 where there was the big spike, retailer inventories as a percent, if I index it to historical levels or 2019 levels, had dropped down to below 40% of what, I would say, the traditional turn inventory. And so retailers work really hard to get back in the supply. And so by the end of the year or toward the back half of the year, they were well north of 100% of overall levels. And so as we entered into this year, our estimate would be retailer inventories were probably in the 130%, 140% range. And so that's dialed back in the first and second quarter this year. And so it explains kind of a big chunk of the delta here on demand. Looking forward, again, I'll stand by it. I mean, I looked at this category for a long time and it's one of the biggest categories. Obviously, if you think about bath tissue in particular, it's a very stable category. And so the logic for me is, in a post-COVID world, I think there will be more people at home on an ongoing basis than there were pre COVID. I don't think the office environment or the work environment is ever going back to 100% every day. And so logic would say consumption should be a little higher than the base level of '19. Now year-to-date, we're below '19 levels for the category, but we think I would say logic would say that, that should kind of normalize over time. And I won't estimate whether that's at what point, but over the long term, this category has proven to be very stable. And our brands have proven them very, very stable and very healthy.
Maria Henry: The other comment that I'd -- yes, just -- you were asking specifically on consumer tissue, which certainly has a big first half, second half effect. If I look overall first half, second half, in the first half, our organic sales are down 5% and our operating profit is down 26%. If you take the midpoint of our ranges, you get to a second half that looks something like plus 3% on organic and plus 5% on operating profit growth. And so if you think about the -- our second half outlook and the key drivers there, we'll have easier comps. We will have a step-up and benefit from volume growth and price realization in the second half. The majority of the consumer tissue destock, we're assuming, occurred in the first half. We won't have the winter storm effects that we had in the first half. KCP washroom is expected to continue to see sequential improvements. The pricing actions are now fully in the market. We'll see some build on our cost savings as we typically do. It's usually second half weighted and our other manufacturing cost headwinds should be lower. And then offsetting that what will be the higher commodity cost headwinds. If you take the 45 year-to-date and our guidance, it implies year to go is [765] at the midpoint. So -- that's -- those are the drivers for the second half, and certainly, the dynamics in consumer tissue are a key part of that.
Mike Hsu : We threw a lot at you and I threw a lot at you on tissue. I don't know if that answered all your questions or I'm happy to take a follow-up.
Christopher Carey: Yes, that was extremely helpful. The only quick follow-up would be just on the level of inventory -- retail inventory in tissue as you enter Q3, given some percentages, where do you see it today? And then if I might, I would just sneak in a question on how you're thinking about birth rates and medium-term impact on volumes, and then I'll get back in the queue.
Mike Hsu : Yes, all right. And just -- I'm going to -- a disclaimer on my inventory, those are our estimates and so that's kind of how we look at it and think about it. I would say, close to historical levels. The caveat I'll say on, Chris, is we're not exactly sure and I'm not sure the retailer is exactly sure how they want to handle it at this point, right? And so I think kind of given the category volatility and on a retailer-by-retailer basis included, I think it's going to continue to bounce around a little bit, right? And so because -- and the example I'll give you is we were building up inventories, but there was another spike kind of in the fall period and then the winter period as well. And so I do think consumers largely understand that there is plenty of tissue availability. But that said, I've seen a lot of new things over the last 18 months. And so we won't be surprised if behaviors continue to shift around a little bit. So that's on the tissue side. And the other part of it is, certainly, there was a consumer -- we think consumer pantry destocking as well. I will tell you, the team in North America has done a phenomenal job conducting research to try to estimate that. I will say it's probably as accurate as trying to estimate share from panel data, right? And so you're asking consumers how much they're carrying. And so -- but we do believe consumers are taking a lot of their stock out as they have more confidence that tissue is available but that remains to be proven out. So that's on the tissue. And then on the birth rate. Yes, our estimate for this year, first of all, it's probably down about mid-single -- low to mid-single digit. And that's probably a little worse than the last -- the prior 2 years. I think the prior couple of years were down about 1% to 2% depending on the year. And then given COVID, I think it feels like some families have decided to defer family formation and so kind of in that range. I will say we feel really good about the recovery of our infant child care business and the fact that we're really recovering from a supply perspective. Our brand propositions, we feel very strongly about. And so we feel like in the third quarter, we should be back being on track in our infant child care business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: You did throw a lot at us on that consumer tissue conversation, but I guess I have just a clarification coming out of the back and forth you just had with Chris and the commentary this morning. If -- I guess I'm still trying to ascertain whether you see a change in consumer takeaway expectations on the balance of the year. Because what I read in the prepared remarks is that the consumer pantry and retailer inventory rebalancing occurred faster than you previously assumed as it relates to 2Q. And you just kind of reaffirmed that, but I didn't really hear anything about a net reduction in consumer takeaway. So I guess, were you not assuming any rebalancing in the course of '21 before? It just happened in '21, where you thought it would happen later downstream? Or is there -- because I guess I can understand the pull forward in the rebalancing for the first half versus more spread out and not hurt 2Q, but there's still a net negative impact on the full year that I can't pinpoint. So can you just help me there?
Mike Hsu : Yes, there's a couple of different ways for me to answer that question. I'll say let me anchor it versus our original plan, our plan expectations for tissue at the beginning of the year. We walked in the year -- and just think back to December, Steve, where the vaccines were really not rolled out, and so our going-in was that the category would be lower than 2020 overall, but in some ways, probably a mid-single-digit decline, right? Because we thought at that point in time, consumers -- people would still be at home generally, right? Now coming out of that, and as we entered our April update, it's clear that the vaccines rolled out much faster than anybody anticipated and mobility, the data that we track, show that we're returning to maybe 80% or 85% of historical levels. And so that was faster than we had anticipated. And so our expectations for the category, I'd say, were down a little bit further. I think coming out of the second quarter, I would say our category expectations, which were up about 22% in bath last year, probably, we would say, are going to be down at least in the mid-teens or so, mid- to high teens. And so overall, I think our expectations for the category are going to be worse than they were at the beginning of the year. That said, at that level, I would say that's still -- I still believe it should be above a base year of 2019, right, if you take the 2 years together. That remains to be seen. It feels like a kind of a sticking my neck out there call on that just because of what we experienced in the front half. But again, I'm working from logic that says there are likely to be more people at home than there were in 2019. And if people are home more often, then the consumption of at-home issue should be higher but that remains to be proven out.
Steve Powers : Yes. Okay. Okay, that helps. And I guess that segues into my next question, which you sound pretty satisfied and happy and kind of upbeat with the trajectory of the Professional business, probably in part because of that vaccination reopening trend. I guess -- so that resonates with me, but I guess I was expecting a bit more just as it relates to 2Q, given the dynamics you said as an offset to consumer tissue. And so just maybe a little bit more color as to how you see that business trending and kind of what your expectations are in the back half?
Mike Hsu : Yes. On KCP, I wouldn't convey happy. I would say it's certainly proud of our team and how they respond to all these challenges. I'm cautiously optimistic about where that category is, and I do see some green shoots. I mean, a couple of things kind of going on. Organic was up 2%, right, which is a sequential improvement versus where we -- we've been for these past several quarters. That was predicated on really strong growth internationally, which had a really soft comp from a year ago. But importantly, improvement in -- sequential improvement in the North American washroom business, which is a big business for us and really, really important. I wouldn't say it's taken off yet but we are seeing the impact of more people returning to work, whether it's in the office environment or a factory environment. And so I think that's -- those are all positives there. There are some offsets because we did grow significantly in our wipers and PPE or safety business last year due to additional COVID demand. That's probably cycling down a little bit this year and that's a bit of an offset. So we feel good about the KCP business. I think the team, even throughout last year, was working hard. I think somebody mentioned on the call last year around jet-air dry conversions, and we've got better offerings in our washroom business, great towel products, great dispenser products. And so we are winning conversions. But I think I said on prior calls, we haven't seen the -- we won't see the share until the products flow through the dispensers. So what we feel good about what the team is doing and looking forward to, I'm cautiously optimistic.
Steve Powers: Okay. If I could just, Maria, you've mentioned that [770] or so at the midpoint of inflation to come over the back half. Do you -- is there any, I guess, color you can offer in terms of how you see that flowing 3Q versus 4Q, if it's weighted significantly one versus the other or if it's more evenly spread? Just some help with the cadence there would be helpful.
Maria Henry: Yes. I think the expectations are that the commodities will reach peak in the third quarter and then start to ease a bit as we get into the fourth quarter. So I'd use that as the kind of phase-in guidance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Grom with UBS.
Peter Grom: So you mentioned in your prepared remarks, and I was also pretty encouraged by the performance and commentary around D&E. And so obviously, you have pockets of strength, pockets of weakness, and you mentioned strong share performance there. But I was just curious, has the consumer been more resilient in those markets than you would have anticipated, kind of given the COVID environment? Or is this strength really just Kimberly-specific?
Mike Hsu : Well, that's really hard for me to generalize because I think it varies. I think certainly, there's a lot of markets that were less impacted by COVID, and I would say a lot of that is in Asia. Although I caution when I say that because it's starting to pop up again now more significant, particularly in market big markets for us like Indonesia. So I think there is some aspect of resiliency. But the other aspect is and maybe underlying is the strategy that we're on, which is to elevate the category and expand our markets. And I think the teams are really concentrated, particularly in infant and child care with the Huggies brand, really great product offerings. I mean I think the big thing that's happened over the last, I would say, 2 years is, globally, our teams on diapers have really aligned around kind of a set of consumer benefits that we're going to win on and really aligned on kind of the product technology platforms at our global platforms that we're launching. For reference, we're up 4 share points in Australia, New Zealand in diapers. We're already obviously the market leaders there. But that diaper has specific lineage that's linked to our China diaper. I wouldn't say they're identical but they're highly related, right? And so that's kind of the work that we've been on. We've taken share leadership positions in Argentina and Brazil. And again, the diaper there is related to the diaper that we're making in North America. They're not twins but they're related, right? And so I think again, the teams are really focused on, I would say, a -- made a shift from product features to consumer benefits that we're focused on delivering. And I think that's really shown in the shares. And again, I'd say in China, we were up about 3 share points in the quarter as we were last quarter. I mentioned 4 share points in Australia and New Zealand, 4 in Korea, 4 share points in Peru. So we're seeing pretty broad-based share gains. But we feel like they're earned. We're certainly not promoting our way to those share gains because we don't really believe in renting share. I think it's basically great products, great digital execution and then really hard sales execution and great partnership with customers.
Peter Grom: No. That's super helpful. And then I just wanted to ask a couple of follow-up questions in regards to the commentary on second half organic sales growth. So first, I just want to make sure I heard the comment on volume growth correctly. Is that a total company comment or was that something specific to consumer tissue? I thought total company but I just wanted to be sure because I think Chris's question was on consumer tissue. And then just like anything you can share on phasing of that 3% growth between Q3 versus Q4, given the cycling of the accrual true-up in Q4 would be really helpful.
Maria Henry: Sure. I was making the comments I'm just bridging from the question on consumer tissue to the total company because consumer tissue is certainly part of the story in the second half when we look at the total company outlook. So to clarify, I was talking about total company in my remarks about first half, second half. And the phasing of the quarters, I'm going to stay away from quarterly guidance. Here, I think the things to consider are the year-over-year comps. I did make some commentary around phasing on the commodity headwinds. And beyond that, I think I'm going to stay away from the quarters.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: So a couple of questions. I guess I just I really want to focus in on tissue and pricing. You guys had phenomenal price growth in the fourth quarter '20 in North American tissue. And I believe it was because you had under-accrued or over-accrued -- excuse me, over-accrued for trade spend throughout the course of the year and had the true-up. So we're lapping a period where you had over-accrued for trade spend, suggesting that, well, I know list prices take time to get in, but I think I was expecting -- many of us were expecting you to at least get some pricing benefit from lower trade. Yet on a 2-year stack basis in North America, prices eroded. In developed markets outside of North America, prices are deflationary. In developing and emerging markets, your prices are deflationary, and you just achieved the worst price/cost deficit that I can find on record. So it begs the question of what's happening? What's really impeding your pricing power right now, particularly in an environment where as you're saying, you expect demand to be above base case 2019? Why aren't we seeing more responsiveness of sort of net price benefits flowing through the P&L?
Mike Hsu : Yes. I will start, Jason. So part 1 is we have announced pricing in consumer tissue in many markets, in most of our tissue markets around the world, including in North America. I wouldn't say we've taken it across every product line. And so Scott 1000 is kind of a key product that we have. And so that's 1 area. Certainly, we did benefit, as you mentioned, from accrual differences at the end of last year. And the other thing that we benefited throughout last year was given the amount of demand in the marketplace, we reduced our promotional spending overall, right? And so we kind of earned maybe the same or higher volume levels without having to spend the trade. So that was a benefit last year that we are cycling this year, and so we are putting some investment back in trade. For reference, I would say, the category promotional intensity in a market like North America, still below historical levels but moving its way back to what I would say are more normalized levels, and so we recognize the need to do that. The thing that I will tell you is I think your point is on, which is we've got to get better price realization. I will say we don't necessarily view the additional spending of trade to be a negative profit driver in the sense of, we've invested in a lot of tools and revenue management, and we expect our teams to be able to use those tools to drive volume and growth profitably. And so we're going to hold ourselves accountable to that. But with that, again, we recognize the need to get additional price realization, and there's many ways for us to do that in addition to the list pricing that we've taken. And there's also ways for us to do that through revenue management, through trade efficiency, price pack and other things that we'll continue to look at. I don't know if, Maria, you have any thoughts.
Maria Henry: Yes, that's right.
Jason English: Okay. So there's other mechanisms, we're just not going to see them yet. They're going to take time to see. Last time we had inflation in tissue, you guys ran a price/cost deficit for 8 consecutive quarters before you flipped positive. Is there any reason to think that you could close the gap faster? Or given the environment that you're mentioning, with promotional activity actually picking up in the face of rising costs, could it actually even be more prolonged this time?
Mike Hsu : Well, again, I think we've actioned generally our pricing in the marketplace. And so I would think that, hopefully, the duration of that gap would be shorter. Certainly, we didn't like the gap through the first half of this year. And so that's 1 part. Second, again, we're going to continue to review kind of all the levers that we have on revenue management and make sure that we make the appropriate adjustments to our plans on a market-by-market basis.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: So I wanted to go back to pricing, I'm sorry to beat a dead horse here. But what is your read on the consumer elasticity, not only in the U.S. but also internationally as you obviously compete with players that oftentimes are private? But specific to the U.S., the dollar share that we're looking not only in tissue, in track channels, as you explained well through Chris' question before but also in diapers, are you seeing that the same decline across all channels? And is that an indication that consumers are probably down-trading now, that they see private label, for example, Scott 100 (sic) [Scott 1000] is the one that competes more neck-to-neck with private label? So are you seeing any issue there or perhaps you're going to tweak a little bit of your price increase now that you know what you know about tissue, and then perhaps do more RGM where you barbell a little bit of these price increases. So any update on embedded in your guidance, if you were changing some of your pricing or any second rounds in North America that we may not be aware or you embedded in there? So any color there would be great.
Mike Hsu : Yes. Great question, Andrea. Maybe the short answer for me is I don't know yet. I think for reference, we took about a high single-digit price increase across our personal care businesses and then some selective price increases, for example, on Scott tissue in North America. And I would say those went into effect at the end of June. And so it's a little early for us to gauge that. If I go off the history though, I will say the last list price increase we took on these businesses actually in personal care was not list, it was more count, okay? But that said, I would say the consumer elasticity at that point back in 2018 was probably, in my mind, a little lower than what we modeled in terms of elasticity. So what that implies, I think there's a couple of different factors. If I would say, more price sensitive factors would be that I think consumers are facing broader inflation in this environment across all categories, right, beyond consumer packaged goods. So that may be 1 factor, right, that makes it a little more challenging. The other factor that I know talking to people in other industries is there have been reductions in other spending, consumer spending, which create a little more wallet for some of the more consumables, and so that's an offset. So for me, the answer is at this point, a little theoretical ambiguous. And so it remains to be seen but we'll know as we work through this quarter.
Andrea Teixeira: And no, that's super helpful for tissue. And in diapers, like I felt that you don't have as much of this channel stuffing that we saw, even I'm assuming retail inventory. I think you spoke mostly from a consumer tissue perspective and not so much on the diaper. So what is happening there? Do you see that changing also the elasticities moving around as a moving target for you?
Mike Hsu : Again, I don't see significant change, but again, it's still early for us to tell. Yes, I think you're right, Andrea, the dynamics in personal care were very different than tissue last year. And so there was a bit of a, I would say, consumer buy-in in the first quarter last year, but it was, I would say, a mid-single-digit kind of number, maybe mid- to high single-digit, whereas the first quarter last year consumer tissue was like up 30%. And so very, very different behavior. And then we unwound that, almost all of that in Q2 of last year. And so I think the consumer -- the personal care North America behavior has perhaps been a little bit normalized. And again, I think the same thing holds from what I was talking about with tissue, which is our pricing has been kind of in the market for about 3 weeks now. It's a little bit earlier for us to get a read, but again, I think we feel cautiously optimistic about it.
Operator: Next, we have a follow-up from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Sorry, I was taken offguard. Wanted to ask about -- let me just find my follow-up question -- just the category growth in personal care in D&E markets. I know you talked a bit about -- very much so about market share gains. But one of the things that's definitely been out there like the resilience of some of the categories in D&E markets. So just anything you can offer in terms of perspective on why the categories have kind of held in as well as they have because even again, with your share growth, it still implies the categories are in a pretty good spot, too?
Mike Hsu : Yes. And maybe I'll go around the world because it varies so much because of a couple of things, one -- probably the biggest 1 being COVID. I would say we were really positively encouraged by our performance across Latin America. I thought it was terrific performance in a really, really challenging COVID environment. I'm sure you're kind of reading all about it. But I mean, in a market like Brazil, our personal care organic was up over 20% behind volume and price, and we did take pretty significant pricing actions there. Overall, we maintained our share there. We're already in the leadership position. And I think what's happening in Latin America broadly and why we're winning is the team is doing an excellent job adding value by premiumizing the category but also pivoting, in some ways, back and forth, even within the same year between value and premium. So the big thing is we have very strong leadership positions throughout Latin America. For example, in Argentina, we're the leaders in value tier and we're the leaders in premium tier, and we're the #1 brand overall. And so the team, depending on kind of what's happening in the local environment, kind of makes the pivot as to what products they're going to maybe drive and emphasize a little harder. And certainly, I think in Latin America, maybe this year more than maybe even 2 years ago, value is very important. Consumers are stretching out their consumption. But we flow through a lot of our great product innovation to our value tier as well. And I think that's working. So that's kind of 1 set of things. I would say China is different. Lauren, we're up 3 share points in the quarter. We're proud, at least for now, we're in the #1 share position, which we feel great about and we feel really great about our products. And so I think the consumer continues to really respond to product superiority and innovation. I will say the category conditions are pressurized because I don't know how much you're seeing but the birth rates are coming down fairly significantly. And so we recognize that's going to be an issue for us to work through. But in the near term, our team feels great about their ability to grow the business, to grow share and work with the big e-commerce partners. And then in some of the other markets, Eastern Europe, I mean, I think we are multiple share points up in almost every market across Eastern Europe, somewhere in the 1 to 7 points of share in the quarter. And again, I think great offering. They're all related. The China diaper, the U.S. diaper, the Brazil, they're kind of all related to each other and very good. And I think the teams are recognizing how to drive those. So I think it varies. The 1 watch-out area that we're very kind of paying close attention to because of COVID is ASEAN, Indonesia, Vietnam, India as well. Again, those environments right now are really pressured with the pandemic, and so we're really keeping a close eye on that. So I don't know if I answered what you were looking for, if there's something else.
Lauren Lieberman: Yes. No, absolutely. I really appreciate it.
Operator: Next, we have a follow-up from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Super quick follow-up question, real tactical on your response to Lauren there. I think you said China growth for you on personal care was up maybe mid-single-digits, but you just said you captured 300 basis points of share in the quarter. It implies a pretty sharp market decline in the market. So can you drill down a little bit deeper there, like what is the rate of decline you're seeing? And I think you mentioned birth rates down and that we know, the birth rate is down, that has a prolonged drag on infant population. So is what we're seeing today likely to persist for a protracted period of time?
Mike Hsu : Yes. Sorry, my bad. I was a little unclear. China overall, personal care was up mid-single-digit. Our diaper business was up double digits. But that said, I think your question still holds. Yes, there are expected to be some birth rate challenges in China, so it will slow down as a market. I still believe, and I think our team believes, there's still significant opportunity to premiumize our categories and we're still a low double-digit share. And so there's still plenty of share opportunity. That said, I do think there will be a slowdown on the diaper side of the business. Our fem care business has been growing strong double-digits. In the quarter, it was down a bit because we were cycling a promotion, a big promotion that we've decided to get out of this year. And so -- but we feel great about our fem care business. That's grown strong double-digits for, I think, 3 or 4 years in a row now. And so we expect continued growth in China, although I think on the diaper side, the category will be challenged somewhat. It also kind of points out our emphasis on diversifying our growth across developing and emerging markets. So one of the things I'm excited about, Jason, is I think we grew significantly in India. I don't know if I could -- I think -- well, strong double-digits in the quarter. And I would say, Indonesia, I'm really glad we made the acquisition of Softex. It's a great business. I think the business is up in the teens. Even though they are cycling or working through some pretty good COVID challenges, pretty significant COVID challenges but it's a great business and a great team. And again, with Indonesia -- in India, I think the growth in those markets is going to be very significant for us over the next several years.
Operator: Thank you. There are no more questions at this time.
Mike Hsu : Okay. All right. Thank you all very much. We're certainly navigating some high volatility in external environment, but we're taking decisive action and we're continuing to improve our brand fundamentals to sustain long-term sustainable growth. All right. So for that, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-23 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience and holding. We now have your presenters in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of this mornings short remarks, we will be opening the floor for questions. And at that time, instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question. It is now my pleasure to introduce todays first presenter, Mr. Paul Alexander. Please go ahead sir.
Paul Alexander: Thank you and good morning everyone. Welcome to Kimberly Clarks first quarter earnings conference call. I am joined today with Mike Hsu, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Maria Henry, our CFO. Earlier this morning we issued our earnings news release and we also published prepared management remarks from Mike and Maria that summarized our first quarter results and full year outlook. All documents are available in the Investors section of our website. In just a moment Mike will share a few opening comments and then we will take your questions. During this call we may make forward-looking statements. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. We may also refer to adjusted results and outlook both excludes certain items described in this mornings news release. That release has further information about these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. Now Ill turn the call over to Mike.
Michael Hsu: Okay. Thank you, Paul. Good morning, everyone. I would like to start the call today with the few brief remarks. Our first quarter result and outlook have been impacted by supply chain disruption, softer than expected consumer tissue de-stocking and a sharp rise in input cost. Well, I am not pleased with the results on our outlook we are taking decisive actions to manage through the short term challenges we face. We continue to invest in our brands and commercial capability to ensure we are able to grow both in the near term and in long term. We gained market share in 2020 and our shares are up to a good start this year with strong gains in many key markets. At the same time we are moving rapidly specially with selling price increases to offset commodity headwinds. We have done this successfully in past commodity cycles and we expect to do this again now. And remain confident in the underlying health of our brands and in our growth strategies. Were operating in a very dynamic environment. We know how to manage through this. Im confident our team will execute with excellence and will continue to build a stronger company for long-term success and value creation. Now with that wed be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen at this time the floor is open for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Hsu: Good morning Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: Good morning guys. So a couple of questions. First Mike you mentioned in the prepared remarks that were published price increases in many other businesses besides what you already announced in late March. Can you just put a little more meat on the bone there in terms of additional product categories in the U.S. where you might take pricing maybe some international countries where pricing is more likely? I know you want to be a vague at this point but any type of commentary on potential timing, magnitude of increases as you think about it across the portfolio?
Michael Hsu: Okay. Yes. Thank you, Dara. Our teams have moved very rapidly and made decisive actions to realize additional price this year obviously. We announced many price moves back in towards the end of March and those will take effect over the next couple of quarters. In North America, pricing is typically going to be in the mid to high single digit range across both our consumer tissue business and our personal care businesses. Itll cover about 60% of our overall portfolio. We are taking pricing in multiple other markets including in Europe, Latin America and parts of Asia. We expect pricing and additional productivity to offset most of the raw material inflation, incremental raw material inflation this year and again were off to execution. We have generally announced most of our moves thus far.
Dara Mohsenian: Okay. Thats helpful and the other 40% in North America do you think that comes eventually? Is it uncertain at this point? Is it more just timing and youre waiting for the right timing and 
Michael Hsu: Yes. I would say phase effects and so obviously Dara you might recognize we do some actions and list and some and count and so we had plans for count that were rolling out that well cover a little bit later.
Dara Mohsenian: Okay. And then looking at the full year top line guidance, it implies a pretty robust recovery relative to some of the softness that we saw in Q1. So just give us a sense for whats driving the confidence there. Is it more a category recovery as you look going forward or are there other factors? And then also, can you just comment on what youve assumed on North American market share in both personal care and consumer tissue in the balance of the year? Im wondering what the assumptions are there, particularly in light of some of the price increases that you mentioned? Thanks.
Michael Hsu: Yes, okay. Just on the outlook, again, I think one of the things around maybe the quarterly phasing is just recognizing that we had unusually high demand in the first half of last year, and that started in the back -- toward the end of March in the first quarter and then all through the second quarter. So that will -- thats really driving a difference in our outlook. One of the big reasons for our adjusted -- adjustment in the reduced outlook organically was we are seeing is a faster destock in consumer tissue, particularly in bath tissue, and I think you can see that in the scanner results as well. I do think it is a faster destock and that looks like its related to maybe a faster vaccination and faster pace of mobility thats changing. Interesting, we track mobility data and it looked like January, February, Dara, in the U.S. mobility was down about 30% in January and February and it climbed to being down 15% by the time we got to March. So, again, I think it does -- a lot of it is the demand attracts with kind of what were seeing happening in tissue.
Maria Henry: Yes. And the other areas, we had the effect of the supply chain disruption in the first quarter that impacted our sales. And thats mostly a first quarter event. And then as Mike said the comps, so the comps get easier in the second half versus the first half. And if you look at any of our underlying business and market shares, the underlying business is performing well. And if you look at our KCP business with our expectations around mobility, we would expect KCP to pick up also.
Dara Mohsenian: Okay. Just one clarification. Go ahead. Sorry. 
Michael Hsu: Go ahead.
Dara Mohsenian: I was just going to ask is the Q1 volume loss, do you recover any of that going forward or is that more of that loss volume sort of applies to the full year or is there a recovery at some point?
Michael Hsu: Well, were hoping to recover some of it, but there was a pretty big impact of the quarter that we think will stick for the year. Let me just touch on the winter storm a little bit just to give you a lot more texture and our agreement would be conservatively on Q1. It would have been worth about $0.15 a share, and 2 points overall of organic, which would be about 5 points of growth, organic growth for North America. Important to note, this will also and this goes back to the phasing, Dara, its also going to constrain our Q2 volume in North America, particularly in personal care, and its also going to affect our shares in the second quarter. So the back story is -- and I think you may understand, but the February storm hit in the Southern U.S. and really significantly impacted our supply network. It shut down large personal care and consumer tissue facilities that we have based in Texas, Oklahoma and Arkansas for up to 10 days. And so sales were impacted due to -- it did flow through to sales for us, Dara. Typically, I would say, hey, a week or two down should not affect the business that much, but because of COVID last year, we were already running in a tight supply situation and so thats why it has rolled through and affected our sales. Its also going to continue to impact our raw material supply. Polymer producers have been affected more than us, I would say. And so, were having some spot outages of some materials. And so again, overall, in North America underlying brand performance has been very healthy, but we do expect, because of supply issues, our shares to soften a bit in the second quarter.
Maria Henry: Yes, and its tough because we are in fixed consumption categories and so people use our products on a daily basis. So when you go to buy them, if were not on the shelf, then theyll find it elsewhere, outside Kimberly Clark. And so typically in the first quarter when there is challenges, we would look to recover. Its a little tougher given the outages, given that its fixed consumption. So, but that impact is definitely factored into our full year reduction in our top line outlook.
Dara Mohsenian: That makes sense. Thanks guys.
Michael Hsu: Okay. Thank you Dara.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. 
Michael Hsu: Good morning, Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: Good morning. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about spending levels. So just thinking about the balance here, I think you commented that investment kind of steps up in 2Q versus 1Q. But one of the questions, Ive gotten from people couple of times this morning was just the degree to which youre going to tap into G&A spending for the balance of the year to kind of to deal with some of the -- with the unforeseen cost headwinds. And then also just related to that and just following up on Daras question as a point of clarification. When you talked about pricing and productivity offsetting most of the inflation, is that on a calendar year basis or is that over time comment?
Maria Henry: Yes. Let me take the last one first and then Ill come back to between the line. So, one way to think about the run-up in inflation that we have for the year is that within year we will cover about half of that with pricing. And then when you add in the additional cost savings both in terms of our increased outlook on the FORCE program as well as additional tightening of the belt around discretionary items you would get to cover a good portion of the inflation. And then if you look at the reduction on EPS outlook, you could look at it and say, after all of that, it comes down to the decline in volumes which are affected by all the reasons that Mike just talked about. So, within year, Paul, I think were saying about half is recovered on pricing and then over time, we would expect to fully recover the commodity increases as we always do through a combination of price increases and cost savings, if thats helpful.
Lauren Lieberman: Definitely okay and then again, yes.
Maria Henry: Im between the lines, the way I think about that for the year is first and foremost, we will continue to invest behind our K-C 2022 strategy, which means we will continue to support our brand investments, well continue to invest in innovation and capability development as all of those things have been paying off for us. So Id look at that as protected investment. And then on discretionary costs, well certainly look to tighten our belt and prioritize any spending that we have this year given the more challenging conditions. And in addition, we are continuing to push the FORCE cost savings, and as I just mentioned, we upped our savings outlook for the year there and our teams are working hard to try to pull in productivity programs into this year as well as find new opportunities given the overall pressure there.
Michael Hsu: And Ill add, Lauren. Its important for us to protect that investment in our brands, because we feel like its working very well globally and our brands are responding well to the investment and performing very well despite I would -- what I would say are some challenging conditions. Definitely, we believe are better execution in our investments in our quality innovation advertising are really working. Market shares are broadly up globally in almost all key markets around the world. Ill just rattle off some shares just you may be able to see these, but North American diapers were up about a 1.5 in share and China almost 3 share points Korea, Australia, Peru were all over 4 share points. India, Argentina, CEE were up over 2 points. And so again we feel like we have great products in the marketplace, great marketing especially through digital and great execution from our teams and so we want to continue to support that.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. And just to double check my math, which I can follow up offline with Paul is super wrong, but it sounds like North America personal care was on track to be up like low single-digits this quarter, if the storms hadnt created supply chain issues, is that fair?
Michael Hsu: Thats a reasonable assumption, Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. All right. Thanks. I will pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Michael Hsu: Morning Kevin 
Kevin Grundy: Great, thanks. Good morning, guys. Quick question on K-C Professional. Did you see a pickup in the month of March? I guess like looking back to last year, there should be somewhat of a natural hedge. Mike, there was a comment in the prepared remarks about potentially seeing some early effects of social mobility picking up, which had an unfavorable impact on the consumer side of business. I wanted to tie that in two ways, number one, did you see that pick up in the month of March? Because it wasnt necessarily evident in the quarter, but again March could be looking better relative to January and February. And then two, was the demand elasticity in that business in line with your expectations? It looks like you took some pricing with an obvious effect on volumes, but the business did come in quite a bit lower than the street had modeled. So just hedging implications from weakness on the consumer side and then comments on demand elasticity would be helpful.
Michael Hsu: Yes. Great questions, Kevin. I guess the short answer is regarding pickup not yet, and organic was down about 13% with continued improvement in North America, but I would say that improvement was more on the wipers and safety business than on the core washroom business. The washroom business was down about 35%, so about where its been. I did say mobility is improving. So again just to refresh your memory, I think January, February was down about 30% and then in March it had improved to being down 15%. It isnt flowing through to our washroom business yet. And our business tends to be concentrated in travel, lodging, offices and high traffic locations like sporting events. So we may see some of that start to pick up as we go forward, but I do think that had been lagging and these sectors that we tend to play harder in, tend to lag the overall mobility a little bit. I will point out wipers, safety were up strong double-digits in the quarter. We feel great about the momentum of that business. And regarding your pricing. Kevin, I think there has been some significant pricing on the gloves side in our safety business thats driven a lot of the pricing. So I wouldnt say its -- elasticity is probably coming in as we planned. Its just that there has been some unusual pricing, unusually high pricing on the safety side.
Kevin Grundy: Got it. Very helpful. If I could just squeeze in one more. This is Mike for you and Maria as well. Just on, I think, this is building on some of the Laurens question. The decision to maintain advertising and marketing levels, which I think therere some questions among the investment community, whether the company would decide to do that given increased commodity costs. Mike, of course, this has been a big focus of yours since taking over. Can you talk about how internally those discussions went just given the significant commodity cost pressure, the balance may be considering pulling back a little bit, your visibility on ROI and whats an arguably a really volatile environment and maybe some of the ROI model sort of less reliable given that context,, maybe just a little bit there in terms of what went into decision making and the visibility you feel like you have on maintaining these levels, and then Ill pass it on. Thank you.
Michael Hsu: Yes. Kevin, I think youre all over the issues as we discuss them. One point is, we feel like we have strong brand momentum as I just rattle off a bunch of share and growth. In what I would say are still fairly choppy waters in the categories, but we feel great about the share momentum of our business globally. And really we can tie it back to the investments were making in product quality, innovation and marketing and team execution, which is excellent. So we feel good about that. There has been some discussion around that. I will say we will make some adjustments, but in a small manner. Overall, we want to maintain our investment levels, but for example, in North America, where we have supply constraints, it may not be the highest ROI decision in the short-term to be driving, lets say, promotions in that business when you dont have supply. So we will make some tactical adjustments, but overall, I think your point on ROI is also important, which is, it is going to vary, we dont have the latest data for ROIs on the quarter. But generally our marketing ROIs, especially digital, has been very strong. And so it may not be the lever that we traditional think of when cost conditions get a little tough, because its hard to see how cutting advertising if its working that effectively for us actually helps the P&L.
Maria Henry: But as you can imagine, we had pretty extensive discussions at the market-by-market level to review the advertising plans for 2021 given the environment, where we believe weve got strong ROIs that makes sense to continue to spend the dollars, because were getting the payback on those dollars. But we did have some pretty deep internal discussions around that. And while it varies by market and by product line, the decisions, what I would say is in our current outlook were expecting advertising spending to be relatively similar to 2020 levels on a dollar basis, and on a percentage of sales basis it will be in line with our original plan coming into the year. All of that said, the mix of it, and where it is, and on what it is, is different than we would have expected three months ago, but in total thats going to help how were thinking about it.
Kevin Grundy: Okay. Thank you both very much. Have a great weekend.
Michael Hsu: Okay. Thank you Kevin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Good morning. Thanks. I guess, maybe to round out what weve talked about so far, can you just talk about in the context of the cadence of your EPS guidance over the balance of the year, because obviously 1Q was a tough start. It sounds like 2Q is going to be directionally tough as well, at least from an EPS perspective. So when you talk about meaningful EPS growth in the back half. I guess is there a way to better frame what that looks like and how confident you are in the drivers? I guess, because it sounds like theyre going to be back-half of related savings and Im assuming you have good visibility there. But I just think what Im hearing this morning, just a lot of investors are concerned about market share movements in the back half, elasticity in the back half, and the actual efficacy of pricing rolling through, just given lost sales youve highlighted in the first half, and then differences in the way that youve announced price increases this year versus what we heard from P&G earlier in the week. So just any thoughts you have around that would be very helpful.
Maria Henry: Sure. Ill give some broad commentary, and then Mike can talk more specifically about pricing. But when we look at the second half, we are expecting a stronger second half, and that is for a few reasons. The biggest reason being that our pricing actions and the benefits of that will be coming through the P&L in the second half. In terms of input cost inflation that is ramping in the first quarter and the second quarter. We expect that it will peak, and then moderated -- moderate and in some cases come down a bit in the second half. Additionally, weve got our savings program ramping as you can tell from the FORCE cost savings of $65 million in the first quarter, and the outlook of $340 million to $380 million for the full year. So those will be ramping as is typical in a typical year. And then, we also have some elevated costs in the first half of the year, which will come down from -- in the second half of the year. So we have good visibility into it. The -- when I look at the factors driving that, the one area that has some -- well, whats the word I would use, some dynamism around it, would be pricing. So Ill let Mike talk a little bit more about how we see that come to fruition.
Michael Hsu: Yes. So, Steve, so, we did make assumptions in our pricing around the elasticity impact. We do have volume coming out of the plan as well, as it relates to pricing, I would say we have good experience from it, from just a couple of years ago. And in general, our calls regarding elasticity generally were in the ballpark of what our original plans were. And so we feel good about kind of our ability to call it. But the one difference I would say in this market would be, what exactly happens due to the COVID environment and some of the volatility related to that. And then we did have some assumptions regarding competitive price points, which we still need to learn how thats going to be executed.
Maria Henry: One other comment that Ill make just in terms of phasing to put a point on it is, in our performance in the first quarter, when I look at the second quarter, but while we dont provide detailed quarterly guidance, we do expect the second quarter conditions will remain challenging, and that will show up in the numbers. And if you think through some of those factors, therell be more cost inflation thats coming in ahead of most of our new selling price increases that will have escalated costs before the pricing is really getting into the market. Well be working through the tail end of the supply chain disruptions in North America that Mike already commented on. And then the category dynamics in consumer tissue and K-C Professional are more volatile than normal. And then, as we said in the prepared remarks, we do expect that the between-the-line spending will pick up from a relatively low level in the first quarter, and that includes more investment spending. And then, in addition to all of that, its worth noting that we had all-time record earnings in the second quarter of 2020 behind very strong volume growth in consumer tissue. And last year, we also had commodity tailwinds. And in the second quarter, we had very strong FORCE cost savings. So all of that is shaping up to have challenging conditions for the second quarter with our performance ticking up in the second half of the year.
Steve Powers: Okay. Thats very helpful. And I guess, if I could just like how are you thinking about this setback in terms of the lower outlook for 2021 from -- in terms of the lasting impacts here? Could you -- I guess when I think about it in the context of K-C Strategy 2022, weve been talking about the mid single-digit EPS CAGR for a while ever since that strategy was unveiled. And I think weve all been doing that in our conversations, at least with like a 5% CAGR in mind, and quite frankly, you seem very much on track and even ahead in terms of your strategic investments coming into the year. So, in that context, is this -- are you approaching this kind of setback in early 2021 as a speed bump on that path or is this likely could have more enduring impacts into 2022? And Im not asking for 2022 guidance. Im just trying to understand how youre -- how impactful this is as you think about it in the context of that broader strategy.
Michael Hsu: Yes. Ill check and see if I understand the question. But I think we view it as a temporary impact that should not affect our long-term strategy. Thats why we are continue to invest in our brands. I think, as I said before, I think our investments are working. We feel great about where the brands are going. And -- but I dont really want to take a part what were doing in China, because we had a plant that came down for a week in Texas. And so, thats how were thinking about it. And so, we recognize what our medium-term guidance has been. We plan to hit that over the long-term. We also recognize that we want to accelerate organic growth beyond what our medium-term guidance was and what -- we are making progress on that, but recognize that we operate in environments like COVID -- affected by COVID. And also, now this -- I think, once in a lifetime, at least living here in Texas, a once in a lifetime storm that we always prepare for, but you never really think its going to happen. But the teams are doing a great job responding to the challenge, and doing the best with what they can. And our suppliers are doing a great job partnering with us. So, again, I think its a -- I feel like its a temporary effect. Maria?
Maria Henry: Yes. I would agree. And weve been encouraging people to take a two-year look on our business, given the meaningful effects that the COVID-related dynamics have had on primarily the tissue categories, both on the consumer side and the professional side. So, when you look at our performance last year, it is especially in the first half where we had the incredible shift in demand and some stock up dynamics. We didnt expect that to change our long-term outlook for the business. And when you look at this year with the consumer destocking around consumer tissue. This year we expected that consumer destocking would happen. We didnt expect that it would happen as quickly as it appears to be happening. So, if you look at the business over a two-year period where we had net benefits from COVID last year, weve got some net headwinds on the consumer tissue side this year. The performance over the two years is -- actually looks good and relative to our medium-term guidance and does not affect the long-term outlook for our business. Its just we have this two-year period of big impacts from COVID-related items.
Steve Powers: Great. Thank you very much. Very generous in your answers. Appreciate it. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Hsu: Good morning Jason.
Jason English: Hey, good morning. Good morning, guys. Thank you very much for slot me in. I was hoping you could provide a little more context on cadence of your expected price realization, particularly relative to the promotional environment. One thing that really stood out this quarter was the deterioration about the pricing environment in North America tissue, I mean, last quarter, you reported I think 11% price growth in North America, lower promotions with price mix per se. Were back to neutral already. It looks like promotions are coming back certainly faster than I expected. Is that itd be what youre seeing and how much of a negating factor on your price increase will have?
Maria Henry: Yes. Before Mike jumps in, I would call out that we had an unusually high price effect show up in the fourth quarter of last year that had to do with the timing on accruals where we had an accrual true-up in the fourth quarter that caused that to be unusually high. It was not indicative necessarily of the market environment. So, I wouldnt so much compare to the fourth quarter. Id point you more to the full year average from last year or at least the last three quarters of last year. But Mike, Ill have you comment.
Michael Hsu: Yes. So, overall, Jason, thats why knowing that we had some different items in that statement, I would say, overall, we still view the North American market across personal care and tissue to be constructive. I think promotional volume in personal care returned to, I would recall, I think our team calls normalized levels a few quarters ago and so its proceeded along that path. And I would say its -- thats kind of where personal care is. In tissue, I would say promotional levels for us, at least our perception is and our planning is a little -- still lower than where it had been and primarily because we still have been in tight supply. Obviously, given kind of where demand is going, that supply situation is getting reversed a little bit now, but again we dont have significant plans in the first half to promote aggressively. And frankly as youve heard me say before, we remain committed to our journey on the high road and we really believe we want to grow our brands by investing in products and innovation and advertising. And so over promoting categories for us in a fixed consumption category does not feel like a healthy way for the business. So, again, I would say, overall, the market appears to us constructive.
Jason English: Now, thats good context. I appreciate that. I guess I didnt realize there was such a big one-time benefit in the fourth quarter last year. Quick math on that suggests it was almost $100 million, which suggest youre going to have north of $0.20 EPS headwind in the fourth quarter. Is that right? And given that your guidance is still back half-weighted, how are you going to overcome such a big hurdle?
Maria Henry: Yes. Our guidance balances a lot of different moving factors as I described earlier. And I wont repeat myself in going through those points. If you look at the pricing on consumer tissue from last year and you look at the trends, its about 1% in the first half, flat in the third quarter and then the net benefit of 6% in the fourth quarter. And so Id -- as I said, Id encourage you to look at the full year and trust that weve taken all of the various factors into our second half outlook commentary.
Michael Hsu: Yes. And Jason youve been in our chair, so I think you recognize kind of we have a lot of -- what were paid to manage through these things. And so these things come up every year. And so, I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we know how to manage through these situations and we will.
Jason English: Yes. No. I understand. Thank you guys so much for your time. I really appreciate it.
Michael Hsu: Thanks Jason. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JP Morgan.
Michael Hsu: Good morning Andrea.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. Good morning. So I have three part questions for you, Im sorry for that. But first on, if you can comment on the competitive environment in personal care outside North America. I think you called out some market share gains which are encouraging. But first on China, we heard comments from one of your competitors that the market share -- the market has been more competitive as of late in diapers. What have you seen in your share dynamics there? And thats the first part. And then the second one is on the call out for the price increases youve taken in Europe and LatAm, in -- and obviously you have some competitors that are local and report in different currencies. So have you seen any results of -- I mean, I know you had amazing results in Brazil in the first quarter, but have you taken prices there already and with the government incentives trading, how do you expect that to be the balance of the year. And, sorry, the third part is, what is embedded in the KCP guidance? Your comments about washrooms coming in a little bit more, obviously travel-related a bit more back loaded. What are you expecting for that business at the balance of the year? Thank you.
Michael Hsu: Okay, all right. Ill try to -- Ill start with the competitive environment. Overall, again, I think weve been competing as Ive mentioned, Andrea, kind of in this high road approach, which would be again build the brands through quality, innovation, marketing and local execution thats very, very good. And so, that feels like to us has been working very effectively, China, especially. We were up double-digits in China across both femcare and diapers. So we feel great about their business. Organic was up over 20% in China in the quarter and Huggies was up double-digits and that was driven by volume. And what I would say, they premiumizing mix. And so our share is up, as I mentioned, almost 3 points. And we feel like we have the best product in the marketplace and the teams are very good on both baby and in femcare around digital marketing agility. And so theyre very good at building that digital relationship with the consumers. And so I think thats been a key component of driving our business. And so, yes, I think the market may be getting a bit more competitive, but we still feel like the Chinese consumer is looking for high quality products and right now, they view as our products as being the best in the marketplace.
Andrea Teixeira: Thats helpful. And on the price increases in Europe and LatAm, if you can comment on those.
Michael Hsu: Yes. I would say, overall, we have announced pricing in Europe and we have been announcing pricing fairly continuously in Latin America. So, in general, I would say, we have seen competitive -- competitors move pricing in Europe. And then locally in Latin America, it has been mixed. And so we have seen pricing moves from some of the larger competitors. And then there have been one or two local ones that had not moved. And so thats just a dynamic thats been going on for a year or so now and our teams have been able to operate with them.
Andrea Teixeira: And on KCP? Sorry for the three parted question. 
Michael Hsu: Okay. The KCP, I think the guidance is, yes, we do see -- we are planning for sequential improvement throughout the course of the year. And again as Maria mentioned earlier, we are seeing mobility pick up faster, but in the KCP business that hasnt flown through the washroom segments that we typically play stronger in. And so we will -- we do expect to see that occur as more people get back to work. I do think its related to at least in North America would be a faster vaccine rollout that we initially saw as we were ending last year.
Andrea Teixeira: Thats great. Thank you so much. Ill pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christopher Carey with Wells Fargo Securities.
Michael Hsu: Good morning Chris.
Christopher Carey: Hey, good morning, everyone. So, just one follow-up and then another question. So just on the follow-up to a prior question, I know that youre planning to keep promotional levels steady or at least below pre-pandemic levels. Can you just comment on maybe how much control, you would have over that situation say if overall category promotions were to start to take off, right? So from a competitive standpoint, would you follow those promotions or do you have levers that you can deploy to keep market share if competitive activity reflected in higher promo, where to take off? And then my question is just around -- theres been a lot of focus on 2021, I think appropriately so. Theres also this broader narrative around unemployment rates, impact on birth rates certainly, developed markets coming back a bit faster than emerging markets. But can you just talk about what you would expect from a category growth rate standpoint say over the next 6 to 12 months and maybe even a bit longer term as well?
Michael Hsu: Yes, okay. Ill try to address, Chris. On overall promotion, I would say, our approach is to kind of grow the brands through investing in the quality of the products and in advertising. And then with digital, thats quite an effective tool for us. I mean, not only is digital tends to be higher ROI than any of our other spends, including retail promotions, its also-- you get faster feedback on its performance, right. So, again, I think we have plenty of levers. We did shift to this approach a couple of years ago and I think its working very effectively for us. So if you ask kind of do we have the levers in our control? I would say yes. And what we feel good about is we have programs developed that are robust in that sense. And as I just rattle off a bunch of these shares, we feel like those are working very effectively. That said, we want to be competitive on price or promotions, but I dont think promotions in a fixed consumption category are the right long-term way to grow the category, because its different than, lets say, an impulse category like cookies, where you can drive incremental consumption through promotion. Our categories, you generally dont drive incremental consumption. You can drive share. But Id rather earn our share rather than rent our share for the short-term and its a very expensive way to rent share, right. So, again, we do have the levers, and by the way, we are making significant investment in our revenue growth management capability. So we have the tools and even while we work to invest for more promotion. I think wed be very selective in terms of how we spent it and we want -- we would want to make that efficient as well. I dont know if that addressed your question.
Christopher Carey: Yes. Thats helpful. And then just on the birth rate dynamic, are you starting to see more impact in your results? Would you expect category slowing? I wonder if you can maybe divide your comments between developed and developing markets where maybe birth rates come down, but you have a more of a GDP per cap upside type drivers. So, anyway, just -- the broader question there is just around near and medium-term expectation for growth rates and whether youre starting to see some slowing there. Thanks.
Michael Hsu: Yes. Great question, Chris. And we are seeing a little slowing in the growth rate, overall, both in developed and developing markets. For instance, in the U.S. where the data typically lags, we were down about a 1 point -- the birth rate was down about a 1 point in 2019. The latest data, although its not officially published, I think Paul, but it would say roughly down 3 last year. And so that was a slowdown and were seeing some of that too, where you may have read in China, the birth rate has come down significantly as well. I think the balancing factor is a couple of different components. One is our core strategy is to elevate our categories by creating more value-added products and premiumizing our mix over time and thats really taking hold. And as I mentioned, were up almost 3 share points in China. Thats all through a premium mix of products. And for instance this year were -- we have the best product we feel like and then what we call our Tier-6, which is our premium tier, we are launching a Tier-7 product that brings a lot of the features that we have in our current premium products and escalates them further and were launching Tier-7 at a 50% premium to Tier-6. And so I do think in some markets like China, where the consumer is certainly is willing to pay for what they -- what are better products in the near-term, we will continue to drive our business that way. That said, we also have many other developing markets like Indonesia and India that are continuing to grow and -- where the birth rates are not as impacted yet or still maintaining their birth rates and also we still have category penetration growth. So, again, I think we feel good about our overall strategy. Do recognize that the environment likely because of COVID has affected birth rates to some extent, but we feel like our strategies both in developed markets, which is to elevate our business and our categories and then continue to expand in D&E are the right ones for us.
Christopher Carey: Thank you for both of those. Appreciate it.
Michael Hsu: Okay. Thank you Chris. 
Operator: Thank you. At this time speakers we have no further questioners in the queue.
Michael Hsu: Okay. I want to thank you all for joining us today. Our revised outlook really reflects some significant change in our environment. And I want to assure you that our teams are taking decisive action and we remain very confident in our hybrid approach to growing our brands. So, thank you.
Paul Alexander: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that concludes todays presentation. You may disconnect your phone lines and thank you for joining us this morning.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience and holding. We now have your presenters in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of this mornings remarks, we will be opening the floor for questions. And at that time, instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question. It is now my pleasure to introduce today's first presenter, Mr. Paul Alexander.
Paul Alexander: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly Clark's year-end earnings conference call. This morning, you will hear from Mike Hsu, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Maria Henry, our CFO. We sincerely hope everyone is continuing to stay healthy and safe and in keeping with our social distancing procedures, this morning, Mike, Maria and I are each in different locations in our Dallas office. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. Finally, we will be referring to adjusted results and outlook, both excludes certain items described in this morning's news release. That release has further information about these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. Now I'll turn the call over to Maria.
Maria Henry: Thanks, Paul, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining the call this morning. Let me start with the headlines for the full year results. We delivered strong top and bottom line growth and exceeded our previous outlook. We significantly increased our brand and capability investments and improve our market shares. We generated excellent cost savings and cash flow and we returned significant cash to shareholders. Now let's cover the details of our results starting with sales. Full-year net sales were $19.1 billion, that's up 4% year-on-year and included a 2 point drag from currency rates. Organic sales grew 6% with healthy underlying performance and increased demands related to COVID-19. Volumes were up 4% and net selling prices and product mix, each increased 1%. Mike is going to provide more color on our topline and market share performance in just a few minutes. Moving on to profitability, full-year adjusted gross margin was 37.1%, up 210 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted gross profit increased 10%. We generated $575 million of cost savings from our FORCE and restructuring program, that was well above our initial target and slightly better than we expected in October. For 2021, we're targeting $400 million to $460 million in total cost savings. Commodities were favorable by $175 million in 2020, although they turned inflationary in the fourth quarter. We're planning for commodity inflation of $450 million to $600 million in 2021. Costs are projected to increase broadly in most areas, including pulp and recycled fiber, resins, superabsorbent and distribution expenses. Other manufacturing costs were higher in 2020, including costs related to COVID-19. Foreign currencies were also a headwind reducing operating profit at a high single-digit rate. Moving further down the P&L, between the line spending was up 110 basis points as a percent of sales. That was driven by advertising which was up 90 basis points. SG&A spending also increased and included higher incentive compensation along with capability building investments. Adjusted operating margin was 18.7%, up 90 basis points and adjusted operating profit grew 9%. In terms of company profitability for 2021, the midpoint of our planning assumptions implies a 70 basis point decline in adjusted operating margins. And while there are a number of moving pieces, it's likely that adjusted gross margin will be down somewhat more than that. Turning back to 2020 results, full-year adjusted earnings per share were $7.74, up 12%. Our October guidance was for earnings of $7.50 to $7.65. In addition to the strong growth in adjusted operating profit, the bottom line benefited from higher equity income, a lower share count, and a slight decline in adjusted effective tax rate. Now let's turn to cash flow and capital efficiency [ph]. Cash provided by operations was an all-time record $3.7 billion, up $1 billion year-on-year reflecting outstanding working capital performance and strong earnings. Cash flow is expected to be down year-on-year in 2021 driven by higher cash taxes and working capital. Nonetheless, cash flow should remain strong and well above 2019's level. Capital spending was $1.2 billion in 2020, in line with plan and the prior year. We plan to spend between $1.2 billion and $1.3 billion in 2021, including activity for our restructuring program and a pickup in growth projects. Based on an initial outlook at longer-term opportunities, we believe spending will be elevated again in 2022. On capital allocation, dividends and share repurchases totaled $2.15 billion. That's the 10th consecutive year, we've returned at least $2 billion to shareholders. We expect to return a similar level of cash to shareholders in 2021. And as mentioned in the earnings release, our Board has already approved our 49th consecutive annual dividend increase and authorized a new $5 billion share repurchase program. Let me finish with a short update on our restructuring program. We continue to make significant progress as we head into the last year of this program. We're about 85% to 90% through the total pretax charges, which we've increased somewhat to reflect delays as a result of COVID-19 and costs for additional savings opportunities. So far, we've generated $420 million of savings and expect to achieve between $540 million and $560 million of savings by the end of 2021. Our original savings estimate was $500 million to $550 million. Finally, at this point, cash payments are about 75% to 80% complete. Overall, it was an excellent year financially, while we invested more in the business for the long term and navigated the COVID-19 environment. I'll now turn the call over to Mike.
Michael Hsu: Thank you, Maria, good morning everyone. Okay, let me begin by saying that I'm very proud of our K-C team and our accomplishments in 2020. We worked tirelessly to protect the health and safety of each other by setting and maintaining strict safety protocols, all of which are in place today. We kept our global supply chain running and safely served the needs of our consumers and customers and in many cases delivering record output. At the same time, we delivered healthy topline growth across our portfolio, gained market share, invested the strength and long-term brand fundamentals and delivered strong financial results. Looking more closely at our business segments, we saw excellent performance in personal care, with 5% organic sales growth and strong share performance. In North America, organic sales rose 6% driven by broad-based growth in baby and child care. Our market shares were up nicely on both Huggies diapers and Goodnites Youth Pants. In D&E markets, personal care organic sales were also up 6% despite volatile market conditions. More specifically, personal care organic sales were up double digits in China, India and South Africa, up high single-digits in Europe and up low single digits in Latin America. We also improved our share positions in many D&E markets. Looking at our other segments, organic sales were up 13% in consumer tissue and down 7% in K-C Professional. As expected, both businesses experienced the effect of COVID-19 and the shift to more consumers working from home. We're pleased with how our K-C team managed through that volatility. To meet elevated demand in consumer tissue, we significantly reduced our SKU count and leveraged our global supply network to increase production, including support from KCP. We continue to focus on category expanding and brand-building programs, while improving our market execution. Those actions helped us gain market share for Kleenex facial tissue in North America and Europe. In KCP, where the washroom category continues to be a significant part of our business, we made good progress pivoting the growth opportunities in other parts of the business, including in wipers and safety products. Sales of those products were up double-digits in North America. Importantly, we grew or maintained market share in approximately 60% of the 80 key cohorts that we track. I'm pleased to see our brands winning in the marketplace. Overall, our results were strong and I'm encouraged by the way we executed in 2020. Next, I'll turn to our outlook for 2021. We expect a more challenging environment, especially compared to last year. More specifically, we expect some of the net benefit from COVID dynamics, including higher consumer demand to reverse. In addition, commodity costs are rising globally and were also reflecting our latest view on economic conditions and birthrate trends. Despite these factors, we're confident in our ability to deliver topline growth and expect to strengthen our market positions and improve our company for long-term value creation. Our plans call for total sales growth of 4% to 6% in 2021 and that includes 2 points from the Softex acquisition, and a 1-to-2-point benefit from currencies. We expect to grow organic sales 1% or 2%. We plan to leverage and scale our brand building capabilities and investments that we've made over the past two years. We have a healthy innovation pipeline including near-term launches for Huggies in North America, China, Eastern Europe and Latin America and we've also upgraded products for our global Kotex brand in several markets. We expect to benefit from selective pricing actions and other revenue management programs, but we're not currently planning for broad-based list price increases. And we will continue to make capability and technology investments to drive long-term success. On advertising, spending should be similar to 2020 levels and this reflects the increases we made over the last two years and confidence in the strong ROIs from digital. We believe this level investment is sufficient to support our growth plans in the current environment. On the bottom line we're targeting adjusted earnings per share of $7.75 to $8. That's evened up 3% year-on-year. We're focused on delivering our annual plan, while managing the quarter-to-quarter volatility that could be higher than normal in this environment. Finally, because of the different COVID dynamics in 2020 and 2021, we think it is relevant to consider our performance over both years. So on that basis, using the midpoint of our 2021 outlook we're projecting to grow organic sales approximately 4% and the increased adjusted earnings per share of 7% on average over that two-year period. Those growth rates are slightly above our medium term objectives. In conclusion, we're on track with K-C Strategy 2022 and we're managing effectively through a very challenging environment. We're improving our topline and strengthening our brands, our market positions and our company for the long-term. We continue to be optimistic about our opportunities to deliver balanced and sustainable growth and create shareholder value. That concludes our prepared remarks and so now we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Michael Hsu:
Lauren Lieberman: Thank you, hi. I guess the first thing is the area that I'm hearing I guess more concerned about in the outlook for next year is on sales and organic, and it's also the 1 to 2 is kind of above what we were thinking was likely. And I just was curious to kind of may be understand a little bit about how market growth is playing into that outlook, how mix and you said no pricing, but perhaps mix is a bigger part of it than may be is externally appreciated. And then also you've got the big lapse in consumer tissue, so I would be curious a little bit more on that build to organic sales being up in 2021 with the backdrop of the tougher birthrate environment?
Michael Hsu: Yes Lauren, the 2020 outlook definitely reflects our confidence in our ability to sustain healthy brand performance, but we do expect to have a net drag due to the COVID overlap or the COVID affected demand overlapped from 2020. So and that 1 to 2 organic it's in the lower half of our range, but it does reflect health underlying performance in both personal care and consumer tissue, personal care being up as I mentioned about 5% organic in the fourth quarter. And then we believe towards the second half and improvement in K-C Professional. The drag from consumer tissue, the way we're looking at that business and we're tracking, we think there is a pretty good correlation with mobility data. We do expect the current environment in developed markets to look similar to what it is right now through the first half and then for people to gradually begin returning to work in the second half, and so that's what we factored in. We know there will be a cycle and in our plans right now certainly a part of it will be, there will be -- will be lapping some big stock of activity that occurred toward the end of the first quarter of last year and throughout the second quarter of last year. We know we'll be cycling that, but we do still expect at home consumption to be somewhat more elevated certainly than 2019 and down from 2020, but still certainly little more elevated. And then we feel like we have strong momentum in our personal care business globally. And as you go across markets we saw robust growth and share growth against most of our personal care businesses across markets.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. And what are you assuming for that birthrate, I know there is Brookings Institute study that talks about the birthrate being down an estimated 8% in 2021 in North America. Is that sort of what's folding into your outlook you know or is it something less severe than that?
Michael Hsu: Yes, we have in our outlook in North America a birthrate decline, not as severe as that I would say, but in that mid-single-digit range. However, I do think the more recent category they would suggest that the caddy was running a little ahead of that and so we've seen that data. Our team especially in North America is working closely with that. I will see the category or sales were up about -- for the category about 3% in the quarter. And so for the past several quarters I think the North America category has been trending ahead of that.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, great. And then just the last thing on consumer tissue is about promotional activity, and so it was really just in the fourth quarter you had this very strong pricing number you specifically talked about the lack of promotion in those numbers, but I was just curious on, given the forecasted pulp inflation, given what you've talked about in terms of inflation that's in your outlook and then you said no pricing assumed, but how do we think about promotion may be coming back into the marketplace in 2021, is that 2 or 3 is that also contemplated in the organic sales outlook?
Michael Hsu: Yes in North American
Maria Henry: Yes
Michael Hsu: Oh go ahead Maria.
Maria Henry: No, no, please go ahead, Mike.
Michael Hsu: Okay, sorry, we're in different rooms and so we have better job of playing the traffic cop, but I'll just start here and Maria can also add some thoughts. But, definitely the promotion activity in the fourth quarter was down as it was most of the year for us in North America. We're expecting what -- where demand is and we're still catching up to supplying our customers. That promotion intensity will still be down in the first quarter at least and probably the first half. We expect it to return to more normalized levels in the back half, but again our plans are for lower promotional activity in the first half. Certainly, given where commodities are, we expect to make the moves that we need to make to make sure that we can continue to drive our margins and so certainly additional cost savings and additional activities in RGM selective price increases will be on the plate for us.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, all right, great. Thank you so much.
Michael Hsu: Maria?
Maria Henry: Yes, the only thing I would add there Lauren is that in the fourth quarter, the North America consumer tissue pricing was a bit elevated, because we evaluate our trade programs on a full year basis, and as we close out the year, there was a bit of incremental benefit in that number.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay.
Maria Henry: Those timings also sort of reflects in their backward place and timing.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, all right. Thank you, so much, that's helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Olivia Tong with a Bank of America.
Olivia Tong: Hi thanks, good morning. I wanted to see if you could talk a little bit about more about the components of your 2021 organic sales outlook, whether volume versus price mix or by product segment or geography. First, like similar to 2020, are you expecting fiscal 2021 to show segment growth in two or three segments, while one clearly lags? And then just a little bit more color on the North American consumer tissue pricing, I know you said that there was a little bit of timing. So, is it just a function of sort of like marking to market essentially at the end of the year and Q4 will obviously set up for a more dramatic comp next year, or is there something else in that? And then I have a follow up on my pricing, thanks.
Michael Hsu: Yes, Olivia maybe I'll start there. Just overall on the consumer tissue, again I think there certainly will be a lap in the first half in developed markets like North America. We saw significant elevated demand through the -- by March of last year, and that ran through all the second quarter. There was two components to that, one is just people being at home more, and therefore driving elevated consumption, and then the other part was, as you read about in the papers, the high stock up levels, and people carrying a lot more inventory home. We do think just that we're going to have to cycle some of that extreme stock up behavior, but we do think consumption levels at home will remain elevated, at least for the first half and then, tailored -- feathered down in the back half of the year. So that was part one, I forgot what your other part was of your question.
Olivia Tong: Yes, I think it was around North America, again. Right.
Maria Henry: Yes, sure. So, we manage the trade programs on a full year basis and we make ongoing assessments throughout the year to keep those estimates updated. Given the unusual year that we had this year in consumer tissue and the way that demand and supply have played out, customer specific plans and events have changed more dynamically than they have in previous years and that made it even harder to forecast. So as we closed out the year, and really squared those balances, we had a bit of an incremental benefit in the fourth quarter. And so if you think about that, it's really timing related to the -- versus the previous quarters of the year. So that was part of it. It's important to emphasize though also in the fourth quarter with the dynamics we did indeed have lower promotional activity.
Olivia Tong: Right, okay, thanks. And then, I know you said that you weren't embedded in the 2021 outlook is no pricing, but now pulp prices are obviously up a lot, but they're still below prior peak, so can you just, like is it possible to take price increases if pulp continues to inflate [ph] or does it have to reach the prior peak in order to even consider that?
Michael Hsu: Olivia, I think we said, we didn't say no pricing. We said no kind of broad based list price increases, but we have plenty of select pricing actions across our businesses in multiple markets and so we will be making price moves. Whether that -- we have some plans around count. We have some selective list price actions in some markets, and then certainly with revenue growth management, how we manage our trade funding and how we get more efficient in our trade funding, we will be making some moves there. So, I think there's no absolute rules in terms of what you're cycling in terms of the commodity and everything else, but our goal is to drive margin expansion. It's called our KC 2022 [ph] strategy and we're confident in our ability to deliver long term. I think, given kind of the heavy puts and takes driven by the current environment, it's reasonable to expect some choppiness from quarter-to-quarter, whereas in the case of this year even year-to-year, but long term our intent is to drive margin expansion and cost management and pricing management is a core aspect of that.
Olivia Tong: All right, thank you.
Michael Hsu: Hey thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey guys.
Michael Hsu: Good morning, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: So just two questions. First, I just wanted to follow up on pricing. Your commentary was helpful, but you are looking at significant commodity costs increases as you outlined for 2021. So maybe just talk a little more conceptually about your approach to pricing. Are you a little more hesitant to be aggressive in terms of pushing it given you're coming off a couple years of gross margin expansion? Is there may be more pricing later in the year? Just sort of how you think about pricing across your portfolio in light of what does look like it will be pretty significant commodity pressure? And then secondly, we did see some slowdown in this in the US in December, January, is that more temporary factors where there will be supply constraints or consumer de-loading? Is that expected to be more of a temporary phenomenon or how are you thinking about trends over the next couple of months given what we've seen in the recent U.S. [indiscernible]. Thanks.
Michael Hsu: Yes, okay. Maybe Dara I'll start the last part first which is, I think yes we did see a run up in December from consumption, particularly on tissue. It has softened a little bit and so we saw that throughout last year. And so, it's moving around quite a bit from month-to-month and actually week-to-week, if you look at the details. So that's something we expect, but we do think that the fundamental dynamic is, there are more people at home at this time than they were last year, that will continue through a big chunk of 2021. And then at some point, when hopefully when the populations in markets get vaccinated and people will be returning to work and we'll see a decline in some at home tissue consumption at that point. But for our purposes I think we've got that in the call and we've gone through a thorough forecast of that. With regard to the pricing, again we do expect some significant cost inflation in the year. It's in our plans and that's going to affect both the consumer tissue side and the personal care side. We're going to take appropriate actions and certainly that's going to -- we're going to pull all the levers and I've mentioned already, certainly around cost management. But in addition to that, it's one of the reasons why we're very pleased that we've got a robust revenue growth management capability up and running globally across our regions and the levers that we are working. I mentioned Olivia will be selective count changes. Some selective price list price increases, and then a lot of work around trade efficiency and managing promotions. On the promotion front I would say the pricing environment, we expect that to remain constructive for the dynamics I just mentioned, but Olivia which is I think demand will continue to be a little bit elevated with supply under pressure in developed markets, especially in North America. And so we feel good about the progress we've made on our [indiscernible] strategy and I'm really not interested long-term on kind of renting share through promotion activity. And so we're going to work hard to continue to drive a strong base, a robust based business.
Dara Mohsenian: Great, thanks.
Michael Hsu: Thanks, Dara.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Great, thanks. Good morning everyone and congratulations on a strong year, particularly in the current environment. Maria, first question for you just on commodities, because naturally it is a big, big focus for the company. Can you maybe just spend a little bit of time on some of the key assumptions by your key commodity exposure that's embedded in your 2021 outlook? And then I believe it's fairly common not to enter into any notable hedging, maybe just confirm that if you do have any hedging in place and then I have a follow up next.
Maria Henry: Sure. I'll start with the hedging questions. We broadly don't use hedging. We do take advantage of our contract negotiations to try to put some parameters around the highs and lows that we will experience on certain commodities, but no formal hedging. In terms of the 2021 outlook, is a reminder if commodity costs in general were at low levels in 2020, particularly in the first half of the year, and costs for many inputs, excluding pulp started to move higher sequentially over the last couple of months and exited the year already meaningfully above 2023 or average. So many of those are expected to move higher again in the early part of 2021. If you look back three months ago, we were expecting some inflation in 2021 and the forward outlook has moved higher, just in the last 60 days. The top two inflation drivers for this year are expected to be pulp and polymer based materials. Together those two input costs represent more than half of the inflation outlook. So if I tick through a few things, virgin pulp, we're expecting inflation, and that follows a year and a half of very low pricing. So in virgin pulp we're looking for it to be up high single digits on average. Polymer resins we're expecting to be up significantly, 30% or maybe even higher in North America, non-wovens and superabsorbent will follow that but to a lesser degree. Those dynamics are largely supply driven at this point. Recycled fiber, we're expecting to be up mid teens. Distribution costs we're expecting to remain inflationary and that's mostly due to industry supply constraints and other material such as third party purchased safety gloves and PPE and KCP are facing significant increases if you look at what's happening in those markets. So that's the assumption for 2021.
Kevin Grundy: That's very helpful Maria, thank you. Mike, I'm going to apologize ahead. I'm going to ask on pricing maybe a little bit differently, not to beat the dead horse here, but just on the heels of what Maria just communicated, and the fact that the commodity increases like roughly 300 basis point unfavorable impact, understanding you're coming off of a strong gross margin year, also understand you said, at this point you're not planning on broad based list price increases. What do you think that either you or retailers want to see? I know sometimes there's you know retailers want to see certain permanence if you will, to price increases, they don't want to whip prices around, frankly nor do you as the brand owner. But, given the fact that you're looking at 300 basis point headwind close to it and then you sort of tumble through the numbers for what you guys outlined for FORCE savings and restructuring, and there's not a big offset, not a tremendous offset outside of those two favorable numbers at least we're kind of doing the math right in terms of what you're getting around revenue growth management, et cetera. So it kind of begs the question, why not, with respect to pricing behind a strong brand portfolio. So, hopefully I asked that a little bit differently, just would be great to get your response and I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Michael Hsu: Yes, I mean, Kevin. Yes Kevin, I think we're still working through kind of the mechanics of how we will drive the realization. I will say the pricing calls have come in more recently and so they've changed over the last several months. And so we are working through that and, but certainly we recognize the goal is that we've got to drive margin expansion and we need to recover some of the input cost increases. And so for us pulling our lever across both the commercial side and our cost side, whether that's supply chain costs, or being a little bit more aggressive on taking the right pricing actions for us is going be important for this year, and so we are going to make those moves as we kind of work through the plan.
Kevin Grundy: That's helpful. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on. Good luck.
Michael Hsu: Thanks Kevin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Powers, with Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Hey, great. Thanks, good morning.
Michael Hsu: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Powers: Hey, so I have a question also on guidance, but more on the drivers as it relates to operating income. So if I take the midpoint of your sales guidance and apply it to 2020's operating income base, grow it say 5%, subtract out the midpoint of your inflation outlook, add back expected savings also round about the midpoint, I essentially tie out your 2% OI growth guide. So first, just want to kind of validate if that's a fair way to think about it, and if it is, I guess I'm a little surprised at its simplicity, and so I'm guessing that there are some moving parts around those variables. If you could maybe call out some of those moving parts and think about how you're thinking about them and why they sort of cancel each other out? It looks like you get a little bit of net leverage on the constant dollar based marketing spend, but I'm just struggling to find out some of the nuance around the OI guide.
Maria Henry: Sure, I'll go ahead and take that one. If you are thinking about it the right way, Steve, if I look at our 2021 outlook, we're expecting a solid benefit from top line growth. On the organic side of that we're expecting positive volume mixed end price. And then in addition to that, as Mike mentioned, we've got the benefits from Softex and currencies will be -- are expected to be a benefit on the top line. In addition to the benefits from sales, we are expecting good cost savings in this year and going the other way, we've got commodity inflation, which we talked about. And we're also continuing to invest in the business and experience kind of general non-commodity inflation. And, it is pretty straightforward as you've done the math, that kind of gets you to our guide on operating profit. And then below that, we would expect a lower share count. Non-operating expense will be lower. Equity income will be about similar, maybe up slightly and that will be offset by a slightly higher effective tax rate. And that's how you pick up the additional point on the top end of the EPS growth. So I think in terms of some of the nuances on advertising spend, we've given you the numbers for 2020. We would expect that to be roughly similar on a dollar basis in 2021. And we think that's appropriate for the environment that we're in and it follows two years of meaningful increases in our advertising investment. We would expect to continue to invest in capability building and technology on the between the lines side of the house. And I think those are -- I already went through the commodity assumptions, and we've talked about our pricing assumption as it relates to that.
Steve Powers: Yes, okay, that's, that's helpful. It's confirming. I guess just a little bit, I guess, versus my own coming in expectations is a little bit less, net capabilities investment that's envisioned, based on the rough math? And I guess, is that just because, maybe Mike, is this just because you've been able to fast track more of those investments the prior two years, especially in 2020 and now you're a little bit ahead of the curve or is this sort of more in line with the relative reinvestment that you'd always anticipated coming into 2022?
Michael Hsu: Yes, maybe. Yes, there's definitely a couple things, one we feel great about the investments we've made. We put in as you probably can do the math, a pretty significant investment over the last couple of years. And we feel like, that's working really hard and it's driving broad based growth across most of our markets at this point and so we feel great about that. I did say in my remarks that advertising will be -- I think 2021 levels will be similar to 2020 levels, I think we feel like that is sufficient for the growth that's in our plans for this year. But, in the near term, we want that to get more efficient, especially given everything that everybody's asked about with regard to commodities. So we're expecting productivity in terms of how we spend our advertising and how we make that more efficient and how we spend our trade, and how we make that more efficient, as well as throughout all the supply chain. So that's one part we feel like it's efficient for our growth plans for this year. That said, I will tell you that, we do have additional plans, and we are going to invest in other capability areas this year as well, right. And certainly, as we continue to drive our digital marketing programs, that's an area that we've continued to invest in in terms of capability. We'll be investing more in our cost management capability. We brought in a new supply chain leader from the outside who sees some good opportunities for us. And we will be investing to take the organization and bring the tools. And so we can systematically drive better planning and better capability across the organization across markets and deliver. We see productivity as a key enabler to our long-term strategy and to fuel the investment that we need. So, and then the last part, I would say, Steve, is, I do think that over time, I would like the investment levels to be higher for the company. And we'll continue to do that as we continue to build our plans and gain confidence in our ability to do that.
Steve Powers: Great. And if I could squeeze one more in a different line of questioning, D&E markets, I'm just curious as to your assumptions around just overall volume growth in those markets, the outlook there, just in light of the economic backdrop, birthrates in those markets, et cetera? And relatedly any commentary on how you're thinking about pricing in those markets just given that I think you'd expect a little bit less dollar based inflation given where FX is? Thanks so much.
Michael Hsu: Yes, Steve, I mean, overall, our business is fundamentally strengthening globally, but I would say, especially in D&E and we feel like we're building a better company. That improvement is really driven by better execution and the investments that we just talked about in innovation, advertising, and our commercial capability. So the improvement is really broad based. And I just think about D&E, I think growth in the fourth quarter was across every region. So we saw double-digit increases in China, Argentina, India. India, which is an important long-term growth market for us. Africa, which I may have mentioned for the first time on a call here, and then we had high single digit growth in Eastern Europe and Brazil. So we feel good about the performance our markets, I think the one area on in terms of 2021, that, we're going to continue to expect uncertainty due to COVID, particularly in D&E markets. And the reason I say that, that uncertainty is likely to be higher this year than it was last year, because infections are climbing and at a higher rate than they were last year. And so we are going to see new ways. We're expecting additional ways to hit Latin -- to occur in Latin America soon. And I think we're actually starting to see that now. And so that's going to have an ongoing effect. That is just hard to quantify. Our experience last year was an economy would maybe go on restriction on the mobility with the client for a period and then bounce back and then we saw that in Brazil.  So, for example, I think in the third quarter, the economy was locked down for quite a bit of time and then the fourth quarter, we had a high single digit organic growth increase in Brazil -- share growth in Brazil, and a very strong fourth quarter performance. And so our experience would tell us, we're going to expect and see some bumps along the way in D&E, but we are planning for overall growth.
Steve Powers: Okay, very helpful. Thank you so much.
Michael Hsu: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Hsu: Good morning, Nik.
Nik Modi: Hi good morning. Mike, I just wanted to probe on online if I could, just a few thoughts, one, just give us general perspective on how you guys are progressing there? Two, is there any way you can measure incrementality of your online business in terms of, how many new consumers you're actually bringing into the portfolio, versus just share migration from other channels? And then three, just wanted to get your assessment on private label and how it's performing online? Because my understanding is that it's actually doing quite well relative to brick-and-mortar, but I just wanted to get your views on that. Thanks.
Michael Hsu: Yes, overall online and maybe I'll start with the e-commerce side, Nik. Going very well, for us, overall the company grew over -- well over 30%, for the full year. Heartening to know that our biggest e-commerce business was by far our fastest growing business and grew well north of that. And so, we feel really good about that and certainly you can recognize, and then in North America, what's happening with all the retailers going to omni-channel, it's driving that grocery pickup and everything else. The incrementality question, we're still working through the math of trying to track that, the data is evolving, because, at this point, it's still tough for us to separate out, we do track online enabled. But when you get into things like grocery pickup, it can be a little bit difficult to parse. And so, I don't have a great answer for you right now, but that's something we're working on. But we do feel that we are gaining share on the online channels, and growing well, and that's globally and so we're really excited about our capability there. I think underneath it is our focus on data and our data analytics capabilities in our primary ecommerce markets, really in these categories is very effective and our customers like that and they want to leverage that to be able to market to their constituents and their consumers and shoppers more effectively. Sorry, I think I missed one part of your question Nik?
Nik Modi: Just the private label share dynamic online versus what we see in brick-and-mortar?
Michael Hsu: Yes, I don't have the specifics off the top of my head. I do, I will say, generally, certainly across all channels, we saw private label shares down in general across the marketplace. But I'll have to get back to you on the online component.
Nik Modi: Great. Thanks, Mike. Best of luck this year.
Michael Hsu: Okay, thank you, Nik.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JP Morgan.
Michael Hsu: Good morning Andrea.
Andrea Teixeira: Well, hello good morning. So, could you help us clarify the cadence of the first quarter? If I understand correctly, your Guide for 2021 is more back loaded into the second half because you're lagging this 8% growth in volume in the first quarter? And if my math is correct, you have a two-year stack in the last quarter that just closed of about 1% volume growth. So how can we bridge into the first quarter? I understand that you have used the comps for January and February and tougher just for March? So is that because you're building in those market share gains that you were talked about? And can you give us an idea of the volume share in dollar share in customer tissue in the U.S. and globally and how you stack most recently? And in a follow-up question earlier about the pantry stocking, your response seems to indicate that you expect consumption to improve for January and February, at least to what we have seen in the U.S. kind of data. And it seems like you really should be seeing some destocking happening early January, but you expect that to normalize into the rest of the quarter. Thank you.
Michael Hsu: Okay, maybe Maria, do you want to talk about the phasing? And then I'll come back and talk about the stocking.
Maria Henry: Yes, that sounds good. As, you know, we don't provide specific quarterly guidance and current volatility in this macro environment, is certainly making forecasting a bit more challenging. What I would say though is, the pace of our earnings in 2020 was unusual and we're going to have to face that lap as we go through this year. If you look at how 2020 played out, we had that very strong run on tissue at the end of March, which enabled us to deliver a record level of sales in Q1 followed by record profit delivery in the second quarter. So, you know that the first half has very challenging year-over-year comps for us just by the math. We do expect sequential benefit from things like growth and revenue management initiatives that we talked about. Our cost savings programs should build as the year progresses and you put all of that together, and you'll kind of get a picture of how the quarters in the first half, second half might play out. But I'll turn it back to Mike to talk a little bit more about the specific dynamics on the top line.
Michael Hsu: Yes, Andrea, maybe I'll talk more to consumer tissue in North America. But, as we think about cycling, the demand from last year, I think there's one component which is, in general right now, I think we're still living in a world with elevated at home tissue demand with more people at home translates to more usage of particular bath tissue at home. Obviously, there's elevated consumption of towels as well, because people are cleaning more often. So that's one overall effect. Specific to last year though, starting with, I think it was the second or third week of March, we started to see extreme elevated levels of consumption, with consumers stocking up and that's when you recall, all the shelves were empty. I think the third week of March last year the scanner data would say the category was up 212%. So that's one lap I think we will not see that as much this year. And that's certainly a piece that we're going to have to cycle. And we saw that behavior starting in March and it remained through a big piece of the second quarter. So I think the consumer stock up effect will come out over time, but I think for the first half at least, we'll continue to see elevated at home usage.
Andrea Teixeira: That's helpful. On the market share, can you help us like bridge as I know you mentioned that your market share is up which makes a lot of sense. So when  if you give us the cadence when your share really got better, so that's why you're probably building into that as well from a volume and value perspective?
Michael Hsu: Yes, Andrea. And then when the share question you're talking about North America tissue or more broadly?
Andrea Teixeira: Well, if you can open up both that will be super useful.
Michael Hsu: Yes, overall, I would say in North America tissue our shares I would say, our shares are kind of even with year ago and we're even down a little bit in our back tissue, primarily driven by supply constraints and so the demand is there. We're shipping everything we can make and trying to fill up both consumer and customer demand there. But we're actually down a little bit on share. But, I think the category had unprecedented 20% growth over the year last year in North American, so we really kind of moved mountains to serve the demand. I think, overall our shares were very strong for the year, as I mentioned in the remarks, we were up or even in about 60% of our markets globally or key cohorts globally. And I think we saw progression through the year and really strengthening in the second half of the year. And that's really factored in our thinking and is why we believe, particularly in our personal care business globally, which has been less affected by COVID. And if anything, I think the categories have been more -- faced more headwind due to COVID and then tailwinds globally. But the, for the year personal care was up 5%. We did see acceleration in the back half and very comprehensive growth across markets. If I, I'll just tell you, Andrea the shared growth was very broad based. We saw very strong performance in China in both [indiscernible] and diapers, Brazil, in the fourth quarter, Argentina, or we took on share leadership in diapers during the year. Peru, which I mentioned was a challenging market for us, in 2019, has really improved and we were up by multiple share points in the back half of the year. Eastern Europe, Russia, continues to see strong, robust shared growth. And as I mentioned, kind of the, the important emerging markets for us, like Africa and India we're also seeing good, robust shared growth as well.
Andrea Teixeira: That's super helpful. Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Michael Hsu: Okay, thank you, Andrea.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Hsu: Good morning, Jason.
Jason English: Folks have, hey, happy New Year. I think it's I don't think it's too late to say that just yet, still January.
Michael Hsu: Yes.
Jason English: Thank you, thank you. A couple of cleanup questions. First, in response to Lauren's question on birthrates, you talked about the category of last year, so growing well above infant population. I guess my question is, why do you think that is? Is this like a COVID benefit, parents at home, changing more frequently than the caregiver usually would? Is it a stock up dynamic or is it something perhaps more enduring that would prevent this category for reverting back to some population or maybe even overshooting some of the stuff on once?
Michael Hsu: Yes, well, Jason, I would say the category has behaved, as at least the data would suggest, meaning the last data that we had, and the birthrate data does lag by about a year. So the last piece of data we saw was down about 1% or 2%. And actually, as we got into 2020, I think a slight improvement, I think was down to one versus it was down two the prior year in 2019. In that range, and so I think the category, at least lagging year, with would say, has behaved similarly, in the sense of volume, I think, for the categories has been from quarter-to-quarter down one or two-ish, right in that range. So consistent with the birthrate, the category, dollar value has grown, because of premiumization. And I think, that is our core strategy for big develop markets, we still think there's a lot of opportunity for us to elevate our categories, our customers, believe that and I think we're seeing that in the performance, particularly with Huggies in North America, for the quarter, I think we were up over 3 share points in the diaper category. And, if you try to kind of put your finger on exactly what that is, there's nothing, there's no one silver bullet. There's a lot of things going on. And, we're excited about the innovation we've brought to the category. We have more comprehensive innovation we're bringing this year I think we're touching are focused on premium this year, and I think we're touching 75% our portfolio was really good innovation. And so we're really excited about that. But I don't know that we're defying the laws of gravity for category in the birthrate, it's been consistent. The things we hear Jason are are here, Jason around a five or Lauren mentioned 8% category declines. Those are forecast from third parties, but we haven't seen that in the data yet.
Jason English: Yes, no Sure. I'm That's the unpacking between premiumization is by environment really helpful. So I appreciate that. But let's take on the topic quickly. The Brookings Institute is one source project with America there's reports abundant reports across the developed markets from Japan to Australia to Europe et cetera, talking about declines during COVID. And also deceleration or even declines in emerging markets. So what are you expecting on a more global basis in terms of infant population? And what, if any implications? Do you think this could have a competitive intensity? Assuming that the addressable audience does shrink?
Michael Hsu: Yes, I mean, and certainly we're keeping close tabs on all that. And we have seen some deceleration in categories. I don't know enough data yet to call it birthrate, but certainly COVID related or population related. So certainly, we saw a decline in Russia, that actually tracks with the population dynamics with fewer women of childbearing age there. Korea, continues to -- I think we've seen improvement over the last couple years, but continues to be negative. And so I think in a handful of markets, we are seeing that in D&E, I think a little tough to call right now. And one of the things is, I think the COVID impact has been a little sporadic in those markets, where we've seen declines when the markets go into lockdown. But then, as I mentioned earlier with Brazil, a pretty good bounce back once the economy reopens.
Jason English: Got it. Thank you guys so much. Ill pass it on.
Michael Hsu: Okay, thanks, Jason.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities.
Michael Hsu: Good morning Carey.
Christopher Carey: Hi, good morning. So I guess, by my math, maybe portfolio wide promotions are still running down, I don't know, 700 to 800 basis points as a percentage of sales relative to the end of last year. And I guess I'm hearing comments about, how to be more efficient on trade spending, and maybe even how that's potentially sustainable. So I guess, these promotional levels stay lower over the course of 2021 especially if demand remains elevated. And it gets, just like more simply put, can these lower promotional levels stick longer than, I think what people have been anticipating, right, because that would potentially have pretty important applications for competitors, the broader sector. And so, maybe I'm reading too much into that. But if you could just talk about, if you've learned something from this past year about how much you do need to spend and how sustainable that might be going forward. And I appreciate any perspective there.
Michael Hsu: Yes, well, Chris, I think you're hitting a kind of an important spot for me. I mean, philosophically, I just, I don't like, I don't believe in over promoting categories. And really, for me, but the purpose of promotion, at least that I tend to sign up for is it's the drive trial of your brand, right. And, whether you have important news or you're trying to get that brand to a population that hasn't experienced before, so, that's, for me that the strategic point. I do think when categories get over promoted; it tends to drive some commoditization. And over time, I think it lowers the growth potential of that category. So for me, I would like our organization to be very disciplined about how we reintroduce promotions into the marketplace. Certainly I think we're, we have great partnerships with our customers and recognize the importance to build their business, and we're going to be great partners with them. But I do think, how we think about promotions, I think you're asking the right questions. And so for us to be continue to be very disciplined about how we think about it, and how we manage it will be important going forward. And the other part of it is it's a big spend for us. And it's not, in any given year, the money is not perfectly spent and so we can always get better. That's why we've invested in capability and brought in a lot of tools and our revenue management capability to give us the analytics to help us spend that money more wisely going forward.
Christopher Carey: Okay, thanks. And maybe just one follow up, just longer term and I guess to use your word, may be philosophically, the professional channel, is obviously going to come back to a certain degree, whether it comes back to the levels that it had pre-COVID as, people changed how they work and in general, how they interact with these locations. Can you just talk about maybe the capacity in this business and what if people are going to these channels much less often, what you might need to do to right size this organization for the long term or whether spare capacity can be used for other things? So just basically a longer term perspective on that professional business maybe over the next couple years? Thanks.
Michael Hsu: Yes, great, great point also, as well, Chris and I will say our professional team has done a great job pivoting. And so, we did see strong sequential improvement in the quarter behind their pivot to wipers and safety products. And, but you're right, the core washroom business improved sequentially as well in the third quarter still down. I think the -- having both sides of the business, both professional side, and the consumer side is a good benefit for us. And so it does give us the ability to move capacity around to some degree. Certainly in the professional side, we do have some assets that are unique to professional, but over time, I think we are expecting the professional business to return. It may not return -- I don't know yet whether it will return to pre-2020 levels, that remains to be seen. I do hope that that does, but I think we have -- we will have proven over time to be able to manage our capacity and our asset investments to right size the business for either growth or to shift businesses or asset capability to other businesses, we can utilize those assets more efficiently. So we'll make the right business decision. And I'll just point out that again, margin expansion is core to kind of our job and what we do and so we'll continue to make the right management decisions over the long term.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Thank you. I'd like to get back in. I just had a question about longer term margins Mike and Maria. I mean, I know the 2022 plan speaks to a goal of longer term margin expansion. And you mentioned it again today in passing as something that's important for the business, even if it's a challenge in 2021. But I just was curious about any kind of view on margin trajectory from here; let's say over like a three-year time horizon, just given the conversation on commodity costs, given that you've had some nice benefits this year from the higher throughput. I was just curious if you thought margins had kind of hit, what one would call a peak level or if there's still margin expansion opportunity here for the company over the next kind of two or three years?
Michael Hsu: Yes, Maria, I don't know if you want to lead off there.
Maria Henry: Yes, sure, I think more longer term our outlook for the margins of our three segments haven't changed as you know this is -- this year has some unusual dynamics as did last year. But over time, it is our expectation and intent to improve the margin in the business over time. And that will go hand-in-hand with a number of the key things that we're working on, additional support on the top line, and we'll get leverage on the top line growth continued focus on productivity. We're not done on the productivity side of the house, there's, more to come there. And then the meaningful investments that we have been making and continue to make in terms of commercial capabilities, better positioning us to respond to what might happen in the macro environment. All of that is kind of the basis for our belief that we can continue to expand margins over time. And we've talked about personal care in the very high teens to low 20s tissue in the mid to high teens. And so we continue to have those as our long-term objectives.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, that's great. Thanks for letting me sneak that in.
Michael Hsu: Okay, thank you, Lauren.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we have no other questioners in the queue.
Michael Hsu: Okay, well, thank you. Certainly we feel like we're very well positioned. Our categories are essential. Our brands are healthy and we think there's lots of room for us to elevate and expand our categories. So thank you for joining us today.
Paul Alexander: Thank you very much.
Maria Henry: Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes this morning's presentation. You may disconnect your phone lines and thank you for joining us today.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-22 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience and holding. We now have your presenters in conference. Please be aware each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of this mornings presentation, we will be opening the floor for questions. And at that time, instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow if you'd like to ask an audio question. It is now my pleasure to introduce today's first presenter, Mr. Paul Alexander. Please go ahead sir.
Paul Alexander: Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly Clark's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This morning, you will hear from Mike Hsu, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Maria Henry, our CFO. We have a presentation of today's materials in the Investors section of our website. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements this morning. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest quarterly and annual reports for further discussion of forward-looking statements. Lastly, we will be referring to adjusted results and outlook both exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. That release has further information about these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. Now I'll turn the call over to Maria.
Maria Henry: Thanks, Paul, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us on the call this morning. Let me start with the headlines for the quarter. Organic sales increased 3% with good underlying momentum and benefits from increased demand related to COVID-19. We significantly increased our growth investments and improved our market positions. We had another strong quarter of achieving cost savings and returning cash to shareholders. And finally, while earnings were down as expected, we are increasing our full-year outlook. Now let's look at the details of our results, starting with sales. Our third quarter net sales were $4.7 billion. That's up 1% from year ago and includes a two-point drag from currency rates. Volumes were up 2% and the combined impact of changes in net selling prices and product mix increased sales by 1%. By segment, organic sales rose 10% in Consumer Tissue and 5% in Personal Care, but declined 15% in K-C Professional. Mike will talk more about our top-line and our market share performance in just a few minutes. Moving on to profitability. Third quarter adjusted gross margin was 36.2%, up 40 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted gross profit increased 2%. We had excellent cost savings performance in the quarter. Combined savings from our FORCE and restructuring programs totaled $140 million, including continued strong productivity improvements. Commodities were a benefit of $25 million in the quarter driven by pulp and other raw materials. Other manufacturing costs were higher year-on-year that included incremental costs related to COVID-19. Foreign currencies were also a headwind reducing operating profit by a high single digit rate in the quarter. Moving further down the P&L. Between the lines spending was 18.9% of sales. That's up 180 basis points and driven by a big step up in digital advertising. G&A also increased including capability-building investments and higher incentive compensation expenses. We expect between the lines spending will rise further sequentially in the fourth quarter. Our SG&A spending is typically high in the fourth quarter and this year we'll also have project activities that were temporarily delayed because of COVID-19. All in all, for the fourth quarter  for the third quarter, sorry, adjusted operating profit was down 6% and operating margin was 17.2%, down 130 basis points versus year ago. By segment, operating margins were up in Consumer Tissue and Healthy and Personal Care. K-C Professional margins were down significantly, including an approximate 600 basis-point drag from fixed costs under absorption. On the bottom-line, adjusted earnings per share were $1.72 in the quarter, compared to $1.84 in the year-ago period. Turning to cash flow and capital efficiency. Cash provided by operations in the third quarter was $559 million compared to $886 million in the year-ago quarter. The decrease was as expected and driven by the timing of tax payments and higher working capital. We continue to allocate capital in shareholder-friendly ways. Third quarter dividends and share repurchases totaled approximately $560 million. And for the full year, we expect the total will be $2.15 billion. So let me now turn to the full year. The overall headline is that we're raising our top and bottom-line outlook. On the top-line, we now expect organic sales growth of 5% compared to our prior target of 4% to 5%. Through nine months, organic sales are up nearly 6% and we expect a solid fourth quarter. On average, we expect slightly less headwinds from currency rates than previously anticipated. In addition, we'll begin consolidating the Softex Indonesia business into our results on November 1 on a one-month lag. All in all, we expect net sales will grow 2% to 3% this year. That's one point better than our previous estimate. On the bottom-line, our new outlook is for adjusted earnings per share of $7.50 to $7.65. That represents year-on-year growth of 9% to 11%. Our prior outlook was for adjusted EPS of $7.40 to $7.60. The increase in our outlook is driven by improved top line, partially offset by higher incentive compensation expense and other manufacturing costs. Overall, I'm encouraged that we're improving our near-term outlook and investing significantly in the business for longer-term growth. I'll now turn it over the Mike.
Mike Hsu: Thank you, Maria. Good morning, everyone. I'll begin by reinforcing that we remain focused on three near-term priorities that we established since the outbreak of COVID-19. First, we're focused on protecting the health and safety of our employees and our consumers. Second, we're proactively managing our supply chain to ensure supply of our essential products. And third, we're prudently managing the business through near-term volatility, while continuing to strengthen the long-term health of Kimberly-Clark. Our 40,000 employees continue to do heroic work in this COVID environment. Our supply chain operations have remained online with strong productivity gains and fewer COVID-related disruptions over the last three months. The environment is still dynamic and we're closely monitoring virus hotspots. And thus far, our supply chain has been resilient and our teams have done a great job overcoming daily challenges. Now turn to our results focusing on organic sales category conditions and our market shares. As Maria mentioned, organic sales increased 3% in the quarter. In North American consumer products, organics sales rose 8%. Now within that Personal Care grew 6% driven by broad-based volume growth in baby and childcare. We improved our market shares on diapers, baby wipes, and in childcare. In late July, we launched Pull-Ups New Leaf training pants which features super-soft natural materials and is our most premium training pants. This is another example of our elevate the core strategy and action. And New Leaf is off to a very good start. In North American consumer tissue, organic sales increased to 11% and that reflects strong demand due to the COVID-19 work from home environment and strong momentum on Kleenex facial tissue. Bathroom tissue shipments benefited from our efforts to restore customer inventory levels. In the fourth quarter, we expect more benefit from those efforts and from people continuing to spend more time at home. Our market share performance in North American consumer products was strong in the third quarter; shares were upper even in six of eight categories. Turning to K-C Professional North America, organic sales declined 15%. Sales were down about 35% in washroom products. And as you'd expect, the category has been significantly impacted. There are fewer people working in offices and lower levels of business activity, including in travel and lodging. Sales were a bit better in September, but we're planning for only a modest near-term improvement in the environment. On the other hand, KCP sales were up double digits in wipers, safety and other products. Our efforts to expand our face mask business by leveraging our superior non-wovens technology is off to a good start. We're also expanding our wipers line-up with Scott 24-Hour, which delivers long-lasting surface protection from bacteria. Moving to D&E markets, organic sales were up 2% that was driven by 7% growth in Personal Care. In terms of key personal care markets, organic sales were up mid-teens in China, mid-single digits in both Latin America and Eastern Europe and strong double-digits in India. Organic sales were down mid-single digits in ASEAN. We also improved our market shares in many countries in the quarter. And that includes Brazil, China, throughout Eastern Europe, India, and Peru. While category conditions remain difficult in many D&E countries, government restrictions on social mobility and store operations have eased somewhat since the last quarter. Finally, in developed markets, organic sales were up 3% driven by strong growth in consumer tissue. Looking ahead, we're launching Kleenex Proactive Care in the UK and other markets in EMEA. This lineup includes hand towels, anti-bacterial hand and face wipes, sanitizing gel, and face masks. Now in terms of market share performance, we continue to make good progress. We're on track to grow or maintain share in approximately 60% of the 80 category/country combinations that we track. This is a result of higher investment levels, innovations, and strong in-market executions. Our capabilities are driving our results and our investments are working hard for us. Through nine months, I'm very encouraged with our performance, how we're navigating this environment and how our teams are taking care of each other and our customers. Before closing, I'd like to comment on our recent acquisition of Softex. This transaction is a strong strategic fit with our focus on accelerating growth in personal care in D&E markets. Softex expands our presence in a high-growth market where we had limited exposure. The diaper market in Indonesia is already the sixth largest in the world, and that's projected to nearly triple in size over the next decade. Our Softex team has built a strong business with deep local market knowledge, excellent brands and market positions and strong profitability. This transaction improves our underlying growth prospects, and we're looking forward to leveraging our combined strengths in innovation, marketing, and go-to-market. In conclusion, we're managing through the COVID environment safely and effectively. We remain optimistic about our opportunities to generate long-term growth and create shareholder value. We're investing in our brands and improving our market positions. We are raising our full-year outlook and are on track to achieve excellent financial results. And we continue to operate our business with a balanced and sustainable approach as we execute K-C strategy 2022. Now that concludes our prepared remarks and now Maria, Paul, and I will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Mike Hsu: Good morning, Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: Hey. So I was hoping we could just dive in a bit on K-C Professional and that operating margin headwind from lower absorption that Maria called out. I know, you don't discuss gross margins at the operating unit level, but was wondering if that's really kind of the core drag on gross margins this quarter on the manufacturing costs. And if that's the case kind of what made it so significant this quarter versus in Q2 right, because the business is already under pressure. And then in that vein, as we look forward, how should we think about manufacturing dynamics of that business? Thanks.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Hey, Lauren. Let me start and then ask  go ahead, Maria.
Maria Henry: Go ahead, Mike. Sorry, we are not in the same room, as you can tell.
Mike Hsu: Yes, sorry. I'll give you the high level and then Maria can give you a little bit more texture there. But I would say overall Lauren here's the  overall as the business was down about 15%, I would think  I think the business actually outperformed what mobility tells us what is the general kind of B-to-B environment, what that looks like. And so we feel good about the pivot that the teams are making to drive safety and wipers and masks. But the washroom business is significantly down. I think for us overall, maybe the big change between Q2 and Q3, a big impact was we knew we had deferred, maybe some of the volume impact in Q1 and Q2, and it may  it did come to realization in Q3, because I think that the market environment was soft in Q1 and Q2. But as we mentioned on those calls, there were distributors and end-users buying in and make sure that they had the right inventory when businesses were set to go back. And so we experienced some of that at the tail end of Q1, at the beginning of Q2. I think this does represent kind of a current run rate of where the market is. And I think it's better than kind of where the overall market is, but it's a pretty significant hit. And so it's affecting our  obviously we have high fixed costs, and so it's affecting our fixed absorption and other factors. But Maria, maybe you can give her a little bit more detail here.
Maria Henry: Sure. Lauren, I would say your spot on in how you're thinking about it. And while we don't give specifics on gross margin, when I tell you is that we had a nice improvement in Personal Care in the quarter and a very nice improvement in Consumer Tissue as you would expect on the organic sales in that segment being up 10%. The whole story here is around K-C Professional, which the gross margins were down meaningfully primarily driven by these other manufacturing costs. The 600 basis points on fixed cost absorption that I mentioned in my prepared remarks that's a meaningful dollar number and was a big contributor to why  are there manufacturing costs were up meaningfully in the quarter. So, you're right on with that.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. That's great. And then sticking with that, I know, at our conference and you were brought up again today the  some of the innovations that you're launching, can you just talk a little bit about how that's progressing if you're adding staff kind of what needs to happen to sort of build up a more material, but even more material business, I guess I would say in safety and wipers and anything in terms of progress, or is it still too early days on, kind of incremental opportunities on the hand towel business and professional towels and transitioning customers away from air dryers?
Mike Hsu: Yes. I think we're making very good progress on all those fronts, Lauren. In fact, we have added staff. We did announce that we are making some organizational changes to exactly do what you're saying, which is add more resources to where the growth areas are. And not only we're adding people resources, but we are making capital investments to support the growth and expansion of that business particularly in more advanced non-wovens capacity. So, I think we feel very good about where that is going. Our mask business is off to a very strong start. We just started shipping in Q3. And so we feel good about the trajectory of that business. We're launching, as I mentioned in my remarks, Scott 24-Hour relaunching in a different format. And we think that would be a very good offering for customers and end-users. And so we're excited about that as well. So we are going to be bringing more innovation. We think both in safety masks, wipers that there's a lot more room for more fundamental and innovation. And with our superior non-wovens technology, I think we feel like we can offer differentiated solutions. So we're looking forward to building that business.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, great. All right. Thanks so much.
Mike Hsu: Thanks, Lauren.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Olivia Tong with Bank of America. 
Olivia Tong: Great, thanks. Good morning.
Mike Hsu: Good morning, Olivia.
Olivia Tong: How are you? I wanted to ask you about price mix, which continues to be pretty positive in Q3, but it looks like what's really driving that is a Professional business. So I assume lower away-from-home tissue while hurting you on gross margin is benefiting you a bit on price mix and no more in the industrial wipers and such. So does that price mix benefit reverse when COVID conditions normalized? And then, flipping over to the consumer business, can you talk about the promotional environmental overall like what's your expecting over the next 12 months? And obviously this applies more to Personal Care and Consumer Tissue and kind of compare and contrast what you expect to see from branded versus private label competitors. Thanks.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Thanks, Olivia. Yes. Overall, I would say, the organic was more driven by volume in the quarter. And so price mix combined overall for us up about a point. And I think that the dynamic that we saw in Q1 and Q2 is persisting. I thought  I think in Q3, which is that price has been in general, fairly neutral, mostly because in developed markets where there's been high demand. Our promotion intensity for the category and for our brands in particular have come down a bit. And so I think as demand remains elevated, we'll see this. There are some categories that we are seeing perhaps they return to more normalized promotion levels that that happens to be more in Personal Care at this point. And so I think the overall pricing environment, Olivia, I would say is generally constructive, but there are a few selected hotspots. We're seeing elevated promotions in adult care in North America in particular and promotions have increased a bit somewhat, I would say, in the Consumer Tissue business in Europe.
Olivia Tong: Got it. That's helpful. And then your U.S. diaper performance is actually quite strong. So just want a little bit more color there in terms of what you're seeing, the state of competition, promotion levels and things like that. Procter did talk on their call earlier this week about I knew mid-tier diaper. So just a level of more color there. Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Yes, Olivia. Our North American diaper team is doing a fantastic job. And I think, when you peel the onion, there's no kind of secret bullet or silver bullet going on there. It's really very strong product offering lineup. And I think they've put very diligent efforts to improve the product offering and bring innovation. This year the big innovation was a new and improved, not going dry our tier 4 product on a shape diaper. That was a significant improvement versus our previous version. But when you take a great product performance with very strong marketing and strong digital investment, we feel like it's working very hard and they're working in great partnership with our customers with great retail plans. And so, we feel very good about it. The business overall was up low-double digits, despite the category being down a couple points overall. And our share was up as you can see in the Nielsen's. I would tell you that all outlet wasn't up as much because we had some promotion timing or promotion events that came out of the quarter versus prior year. But we feel very good about our momentum on that business, and we'll continue to bring strong innovation.
Olivia Tong: Great. Thanks, I'll pass along.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Mike Hsu: Good morning, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: Hi, guys. So Mike, can you discuss your viewpoint on birth rates in the U.S. and some of the other key geographies around the world as we look out to 2021, how much impact you're expecting from COVID on birth rates and category growth as you look out?
Mike Hsu: Yes. Dara, I'll start with North America. I think the last set of data that we had, which generally lags a year, Dara, would say that, the category birth rate was down about 1% which was an improvement over the prior couple of years which were down about two-ish percent. So I think that it was heading the right direction. We're reading the same articles. You may be reading about the category and there's all different kinds of productions including baby boom, because there's less to do and also decline because there's  the affordability is tougher. And so we're not seeing that yet. And thus far as I mentioned, the category has been off about 2% year-to-date. And so we're watching that very closely. Glad to say our performance has been better than that. And that's, as I just mentioned with Olivia because of the strong share performance and the strong product performance and marketing performance that we have in North America. I think in other markets, I would say it's  there's a lot of, it's a mixed bag across different markets. Certainly one of the big reasons why we made the acquisition of Softex was to bind to a market that was expanding on the cusp of strong income  household income growth in the population and strong birth rates and that's Indonesia, several of the markets that have that profile for us. In our bigger developed markets, we have seen somewhat of a slow down now in, for instance, South Korea, I think our team has done a great job rebuilding our share position. And so we've seen significant share gains, but the birth rates in South Korea continue to be a bit soft. So overall, I don't have a great view right now at this point is long-term effects of COVID. I will say the long-term math is our categories have a long runway of growth particularly in D&E markets, which is why we're continuing to invest to build our business there. The overall, Dara, is my theory would be, the categories less than a third developing D&E. And so we're going to continue to emphasizing and building that business.
Dara Mohsenian: Okay. That's helpful. And then obviously with the new earnings guidance, you're expecting growth around 10% of your midpoint. That's clearly well above that the mid-single digit longer-term algorithms. So just wondering as we think about 2021, 2022 sort of medium-term earnings going forward, should we think about 2020 is the right EPS base to work off of, is it more 2019 is the right base and look at two and three-year averages versus whatever you might consider a typical algorithm to be, as we look out to 2021 2022. And part of it the reason Im asking that question is in the past youve sort of flexed marketing spending, I think, to get to more of that sustained mid-single digit type of earnings growth rate year to year both on the positive and negative side. So just sort of wondering sort of conceptually coming off this above trend year how you view the medium term earnings growth profile from here?
Mike Hsu: Dara Im going to ask Maria to comment, but I will say one, well provide our 2021 outlook in January. I think a good thought from my perspective would be to look at the combo of 1920 as a trajectory. But for certain for us were in the middle of planning. There is a lot of uncertainty in the environment as you can probably well surmised and so were still working through the details. You can expect us to cleanly focus on improving our market positions and by making the kind of investments that were making this year. And we need to make progress on the value drives like in investing brands, in brands and commercial capability. Cost savings and Canadian drive force is going to be a big feature of our plan and ongoing discipline and capital allocation. Maria any additional thoughts here?
Maria Henry: Yes, I think thats exactly right. And I would not look at 2020 as a baseline year as we benefited from some onetime net positives from the effects on our business from the COVID situation. Next year as we look ahead mathematically that will be a challenging comps, but if you put the two years together on 2020 and 2021, I think, thats probably a good way to look at it. And we are not coming off kind of K-C 2022 algorithm as this point.
Dara Mohsenian: Great. Thanks, thats helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies. 
Kevin Grundy: Thanks.
Mike Hsu: Good morning Kevin. 
Kevin Grundy: Hey good morning. I want to start on the advertising spending in the quarter. Mike mentioned, or excuse me in the press release you indicated it was up significantly year-over-year. And if you just sort of tumble to the numbers, in terms of the benefits behind FORCE savings, and restructuring and commodities, it could be up quite a bit. Can you frame that number for us either year-over-year, or percent of sales, or both? And then I have a follow-up for Maria.
Mike Hsu: Yes, overall, I think, our investment between the lines overall, which includes advertising, but also some of our capability build, and, I think incentive, comps affected, I think we said, it's in the remarks, or in our release, which was up about 180 basis points. So that's pretty significant impact in the quarter. We do feel like we have strong business, underlying business momentum across our businesses, both globally in both consumer tissue and in personal care. Pleasant surprise in the quarter was, I think, a very strong improvement versus Q2 in developing emerging markets. So we feel good about that. We feel like the spin is working. And it's something that we feel like is going to yield dividends in quarters to come. Maria, you have any additional thoughts here?
Kevin Grundy: I'm sorry?
Maria Henry: I think nothing to add.
Kevin Grundy: Thanks. And then just quick follow-up. And I hate to belabor this, but the K-C Professional margins, I think, it's important. I just want to make sure I understand it correctly. I think it currently overshadows what was otherwise a pretty strong quarter for the company. Maria what was treated differently about the fixed costs absorption? I guess I say that in the context, volumes were down in the segment 16% 2Q, 21% 3Q. So obviously worse, but margins were up 170 bips in the second quarter down substantially 160 bips in the third quarter. So what specifically changed with regard to how fixed cost absorption was being treated with change in terms of customer mix or otherwise? I just want to make sure I understand it clearly. Thank you.
Maria Henry: Yes, I think, what you are seeing is that in the second quarter, we had record levels of performance on the consumer side of the house. And so we had a big fixed cost absorption benefit coming from that. And that was offsetting the fix  the negative fixed cost absorption that we were experiencing in the K-C Professional business. As that has come down from the second quarter, our total fixed cost absorption for the company was negative in the third quarter driven by the professional business. And it just wasn't up by nearly as much in terms of a benefit on the consumer side of the house as it was in the second quarter. And so what you see in the third quarter on the margins is the impact of the volumes being down meaningfully in the K-C Professional business showing up on the total company P&L.
Kevin Grundy: Okay, I'll take it offline with Paul. Thank you very much for the time. I appreciate it.
Paul Alexander: Great, thanks, Kevin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Thanks.
Mike Hsu: Hello Steve.
Steve Powers: Maria  hey, good morning everybody. Not to belabor this even more but I just on the professional thread is the out size magnitude to be limited to 3Q? Are you expecting that fixed cost to leverage impact directionally persist into 4Q as well?
Maria Henry: The macro trends that are affecting the K-C Professional business are not likely to change from what they were in the third quarter. And as long as those volumes stay down, as people continue to work from home and as mobility is limited, I would expect to continue to have a negative fixed cost absorption impact coming through the P&L.
Steve Powers: Okay. Okay, thanks. I think we've got that one pretty well better now. I guess, Maria maybe while I have you talking, I guess, can you just maybe frame for us in a bit more detail how you are sizing up the cost outlook exiting the calendar year and I guess entering your 4Q contracting season? We've seen some upward pressure on inputs, as well as freight. And PNG echoed those sentiments earlier this week. So how would you frame that outlook from where you are currently situated, just looking at over a year end and out of the horizon?
Maria Henry: Sure. Well, on the commodity side of house in the quarter, it was in line with our expectations overall. When I think about what's new from the last time we spoke in July, well recycled fiber is still inflationary, it was down from the peaks that we saw in the second quarter. On the other hand, resin-based materials are rising. And if I look at what happened in the quarter, our polymer costs increased double digits versus our expectation coming into the quarter. So we are seeing that oil-based commodities rise. And so that'll certainly be a factor exiting the year.  The other area that you mentioned is on our distribution costs, which are also a bit more inflationary than they were in the first half of the year. And that's due to the tighter capacity in the system. So those are kind of the big trends as I see them. As I look forward, Paul has been favorable, globally, year-on-year and it's been quite stable sequentially. If you look at the forward paths there, the forecasters are calling for it to rise, although they've been calling for that for a while. And so with COVID, I think, that gets pushed out a little bit. What else would I tell you? The other thing I'd call out is in the fourth quarter, overall commodities could be inflationary for us. And I think you see that kind of the outlook that we gave for the year where that $215 million benefit year-to-date, my current point of view on that is that we be at the midpoint of the range for the year, so commodities turning slightly inflationary in the fourth quarter, and as we head into next year.
Steve Powers: Perfect, thank you so much. And I guess if I could just squeeze in one more and round and just put that in the context, Mike, of what you were talking about earlier, I don't think you were painting a picture negatively at all. But you did mention some competitive, I think, you used the word hotspots in adult care, tissue in Europe. Again, harking back to PN0 this week, they were talking about elevated promotion that they saw from competition, I presume, from you in pocket diapers. So just, as you have these elevated, competitive, hotspots, I guess, juxtaposed against that more inflationary outlook, is that a concern from where you stand or that's just sort of be aware but overall it's all pretty rational and level-headed?
Mike Hsu: Yes, I feel like  general, I think, I use the term generally constructive and I feel that way. I think there have been some hotspots. Hopefully I don't think they were talking about us because I think our promotion levels have been down and our percent sold on promotion has been down consistently through this year. And frankly, we feel good about driving volume through product innovation and advertising, particularly digital. And so that's kind of the direction we've been moving in, Steven. And I think it's working. I think when I say some hotspots, we are seeing some elevated promotions, actually from Proctor in adult care. And then in a few other categories, I think, that may be more driven by retailer strategies. But I wouldn't say  again, I think, it's still, I think, constructive. And we feel good about where it is right now. But we're keeping a close eye on it, obviously.
Steve Powers: Okay, thank you so much.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thanks Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Yes, hi, good morning. Thank you. So could you discuss a little bit of the consumption and shipments in particularly in personal care? And also in tissue if you can ensure guidance for the fourth quarter? So I think if we discuss a little bit, also the promotional environment that we elaborate more in the last question, I think, you Steve posed, I think in other larger markets, as I can see from your prepared remarks in China, Australia, South Korea, and I would say, I don't know, in Brazil, it seems the same. But from your comments it seems like the prices went down. And I'm surprised that you needed to do that now, given that volumes are still up. So is that the mixes of trade down, or are you seeing in those countries also some competitive environment, increasing from, I think, what we hear from your competitors as well? Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Okay. Good morning, Andre. Yes, let me start with the  maybe the consumption and shipments dynamic. I'll probably speak mostly about North America, as I think that's where kind of the big divergence has occurred through the first three quarters. In personal care, I'd say consumption and shipments have largely caught up. And so in the first quarter, there was a period where demand had kind of exceeded supply a bit on personal care. But I think most of that kind of reversed out during the second quarter. And I think overall our performance has been solid, and shipments have been strong, and kind of reflecting kind of where the consumption has been. I think in consumer tissue we've been working to catch up to demand all year. I think in the first quarter the category is up about 30%. And as you're well aware, and now consumer tissue businesses aren't geared to be able to ramp up at that speed. And so we have been working to restore customer inventory levels, we're making progress. In the third quarter, the category of tissue was up about 9%. That's an overall category number. And you can see on our numbers, we shipped 11. And so we shipped a little bit more than what was consumed with consumers. And that's restoring inventory levels. I think it will take us at least all of Q4 to get our customers back to the inventory positions on tissue that they really want to be at. So that's our point. And then with regard to global pricing, I wouldn't say  at this point, our plan is the hold pricing kind of where it is. There have been some changes I mentioned earlier in Europe, I think, pricing has come down a point or two and that's more reflecting of retailers wanting to get back to their promotion strategies. Similarly, in China, we are seeing a little bit more promotion activity. Again, that's not our strategy in China. And our strategy is to drive. And we feel like we're doing a very good job growing the business right now through strong product performance and digital advertising. So generally, our strategy has been as we articulated in K-C 2022, great innovation supported by strong executional capability. Promotion is not really the way that we want to earn business going forward.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you, Mike. 
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thanks, Andrea.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Paul Alexander: Good morning Jason.
Jason English: Hey, good morning, folks. Hope all is well. Congrats on the market show momentum. I know we've kind of come at margins a few different times. But I got to be honest, I'm still really confused here. I'm looking at your margins in K-C P, or tissue, or consolidated at the gross margins. And the volumetric components for the company don't float with a deleverage story from 2Q, to 3Q. It looks like theres something else going on. But if I look at 1Q to 3Q, it kind of makes sense. So it brings me back to the question of was 2Q just inflated to a degree that's on sustainable in a substantial way. And our issue is less about where 3Q landed. It's more the comparison, the sequential comparison of 2Q. So why the big swing between the two? Is there an accounting thing going on? Where we not absorbing enough cost in the second quarter, and we have to push into the third quarter? Just help me understand the moving pieces, because overall firm volume growth, 1Q, plus nine-ish, plus 1.5 in 2Q, plus 1.5 and 3Q, volume leverage doesn't seem to explain the swing factors we're seeing Q-to-Q.
Mike Hsu: Yes, maybe Ill start  yes go ahead Maria.
Maria Henry: No, go ahead.
Mike Hsu: No, I was just saying, I think, just to amplify on Maria's prior response, I think, Jason it does reflect, I would tell you extraordinary performance in our consumer tissue business, under extraordinary circumstances, right. There was extraordinary demand, and we simplified our assortment and drove strong utilization on the consumer tissue side in the second quarter. I think that has probably come back a little bit in the third quarter. And at the same time, we probably didn't fully realize the full fixed cost absorption in K-C P in the second quarter, because we had a little additional volume then. But Maria any additional thoughts here?
Maria Henry: Yes, I think that that said, if I look at the drivers of the gross margin in third quarter, we've already commented on the differences by the three segments. But overall, the margin was up on volume mix benefit, continued price realization, strong cost savings still had some modest commodity deflation in the quarter. And the benefits of that were offset by the higher other manufacturing costs and currency headwinds. So that is it, there was no accounting change or any other unusual things going on that would have affected the results. Paul, I don't know if you have any additional color to add.
Paul Alexander: Yes, thanks, Maria. The one thing I would add Jason is that if you look at where the volumes were up, in the second quarter, we had very strong performance in North America. And that's where our margins are the highest, both gross and operating. And in the third quarter, the volume growth while still strong in North America, was not nearly as strong as Q2. And we had better performance internationally in developing and emerging markets where our margins are lower. So there was a geographic mesh component sequentially from Q2 to Q3 as well.
Jason English: Okay. Thank you. That's helpful. I'll pass it on.
Mike Hsu: Thanks.
Paul Alexander: Okay, thanks, Jason.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Wendy Nicholson with Citi.
Wendy Nicholson: Hi, good morning.
Paul Alexander: Good morning, Wendy.
Wendy Nicholson: My question, believe it or not actually has to do with the top line growth in a professional business, not so much the margins. Can you give us a sense, I mean, I was actually a little bit surprised, I know, you said it came in line with your expectations? But I was surprised that there was as much of a sequential deceleration on the organic volume side as there was. So can you talk about maybe what you're seeing? I know, it's only whatever, three weeks into the new quarter, but what are you expecting in that business in the fourth quarter? And kind of  obviously, we get into incredibly easy comps, by the time we get to the June quarter. But when do you think that business starts to pick up?
Mike Hsu: Yes, Wendy, I do think overall, I think, the businesses are performing well, at least our data would suggest is kind of the B2B kind of activity, or general business environment for offices, and industrial, and travel and lodging, et cetera. And you're probably well aware of kind of where those are. But, generally the data that we say mobility data would tell us, those are generally up between 30% and 50%. Our business is down 15%, does reflect we're down 35% in the washroom business in North America. But overall, we were down 15% in North America, and that's because our wipers, and our safety business has really started to grow at double digit rates. And so I think we are pivoting to where the growth is right now, I think, the washroom business is where it's going to be at for a while. I mean, you can look at the projections for what the COVID inflection rates are going to do. There is going to  appears to be an acceleration in Q4, before it starts to come down sometime in Q1. And I do expect people to remain working from home for the next  for the foreseeable period into next year. And so I think, again, overall, I think, our professional business is outperforming what the environment says, but it is a pretty significant decline. And we're managing through it.
Wendy Nicholson: Got it. And I guess, second question, just as we sort of think about capital allocation, the acquisition sounds like it's a great fit and all that good stuff. But your CapEx has been running high both last year and this year, higher than we've seen for a while? Where do you expect that to be next year, just directionally? That would be great.
Maria Henry: Sure. On CapEx, it is higher than it previously had been driven by our global restructuring program. When we launched that program, we said that we would have $600 million to $700 million of incremental capital that we would be spending as we execute that program. And so that's what's driving the elevated CapEx. When I look at the number for the year, the range is 1.2 to 1.3. I believe we will come in there. I would comment that we have had some programs that were scheduled for this year, moving to next year, as there were COVID-related delays as people couldn't travel, people couldn't get into our manufacturing facilities for safety reasons. And we needed to keep our operations focused on producing products, given the elevated level of demand. Some of the 2020 projects have been pushed into 2021. And then we added some very attractive projects this year, that were enabled by COVID-related opportunities, particularly around PPE. So we're not giving a number yet for next year. But I would call out that we know that some of the programs that we're expecting to do this year are pushed into next year. We're in the midst of our planning process, as Mike mentioned. So we'll be evaluating the opportunities on CapEx both for growth capital and productivity capital. And as always, we'll be disciplined on that. But we also won't be shy about investing in our business if we have high return opportunities. But we'll have more to say in January.
Wendy Nicholson: Fair enough. And then Mike, I just wanted to ask a quick follow-up on one of the comments you made. You said that the retail [indiscernible] we are getting a little bit more aggressive when it comes to some promotional activity. Can you just clarify do you mean that they are promoting national brands, or are they promoting more of their own private label?
Mike Hsu: Well, I think I meant in that comment reflected national brands, overall, Wendy, if you look at the private label shares, I think, they are up in one of our categories and flatter down in seven. Right?
Wendy Nicholson: Yes.
Mike Hsu: And so generally, I would say there has been a flight to quality, at least in North America, and generally in developed markets, I think, given the tough economic times. But, I think, we find typically, in times of uncertainty, that consumers look to the big brands for reliability. And so, I think, we're seeing that reflected in some of the numbers. Yes, the pricing environment, I think, it's no more than the typical, I would say, skirmishing that happens across channels and across retailers with price points. Some of that has been off less so this year overall, because of extreme focus on supply, and the reduction in promotions overall, but especially in tissue, I think, it's been lower levels. But I think with personal care, back kind of in in-stock positions across the industry, I'd say there has been more of a return to more normalized levels of promotion. And so it's no more than that.
Wendy Nicholson: Fair enough. Thank you so much.
Mike Hsu: Thanks, Wendy.
Operator: Speakers, at this time, we have no other questions in the queue.
Mike Hsu: Okay, well, thank you very much, everyone. I'm encouraged by our ability to manage through challenging additions and deliver healthy business results. And so we thank you for attending our conference call this morning.
Paul Alexander: Thank you very much.
Maria Henry: Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes this morning's presentation. You may disconnect your phone lines and thank you for joining us this morning.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-23 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience and holding. We now have your speakers in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] At the conclusion of todays presentation, we will open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Paul Alexander. Please go ahead sir.
Paul Alexander: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clarks Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This morning, you will hear from Mike Hsu, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Maria Henry, our CFO. We have a presentation of today's materials in the Investors section of our website. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest quarterly and annual report for further discussion of forward-looking statements. Lastly, we will also be referring to adjusted results and outlook both exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. That release has further information about these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures.  Now I'll turn the call over to Maria.
Maria Henry: Thanks, Paul, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining the call. I hope everyone is continuing to stay healthy and safe in this environment. Let me go ahead and start with the headlines for the quarter. Organic sales increased 4%, reflecting good underlying momentum and net benefits from increased demand related to COVID-19. We achieved significant cost savings margin improvements and record adjusted earnings. And additionally we achieved all-time record operating cash flow. Now let's cover the details of the results starting with sales. Our second quarter net sales were $4.6 billion. That's up slightly from a year ago and includes a four point drag from currency rates. Volumes were up 2% and net selling prices and product mix each improved one point. By segment, organic sales rose 14% in consumer tissue and 2% in personal care but declined 10% in K-C Professional. Mike will provide more color on the top line in just a few minutes. Moving on to profitability. Second quarter adjusted gross margin was 39.8%, up 520 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted gross profit increased 16%. We had outstanding cost savings performance in the quarter. Combined savings from our FORCE and restructuring program totaled $175 million, including strong productivity improvements. We are now targeting full year cost savings of $510 million to $560 million. That's up nicely compared to our original range of $425 million to $500 million. Commodities were a benefit of $80 million in the quarter driven by pulp. We now expect full year commodity deflation of $150 million to $250 million. On average that's $75 million better than our original outlook. On the other hand, foreign currencies were a headwind in the quarter, reducing our operating profit by a high single-digit rate. For the full year, currency effects are expected to be a high single-digit drag on operating profit. Versus our original plan, the incremental currency headwinds are about twice the benefit of the improved commodity outlook. Other manufacturing costs were also higher year-on-year. For the full year, these costs are expected to increase more than we originally planned. That's due to incremental expenses related to COVID-19 partially offset by improved fixed cost absorption. Moving further down the P&L. Between the lines spending was up 40 basis points as a percent of sales, driven by a nice pickup in digital advertising. All-in-all, adjusted operating profit was up 28%. Second quarter adjusted operating margin was 21.9%, up 470 basis points versus year ago. Margins were up in all three business segments with significant improvement in consumer tissue. Consumer tissue margins included an approximate 175 basis point benefit from improved fixed cost absorption. On the bottom line, adjusted earnings per share were a record $2.20, up 32% year-on-year. Let's turn to cash flow and capital efficiency. Cash provided by operations in the second quarter was an all-time record of nearly $1.6 billion, compared to $609 million in the year ago quarter. The increase was driven by unusually strong working capital benefits, higher earnings and a temporary delay in tax payments. While cash flow is expected to decline in the back half of the year, we expect full year cash flow will be up very nicely year-on-year. Second quarter dividends and share repurchases totaled about $400 million. That was lower than normal because of our decision to temporarily suspend share repurchases for most of the second quarter. As we mentioned in this morning's news release, we will be restarting our share repurchase program beginning tomorrow. All in all, we delivered very good results across the board, while continuing to invest for future success. I'll now turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Hsu: Thank you, Maria. Good morning everyone. I really want to wish you and your family's good health and safety. I'll begin by commenting on how we're operating in the current environment and then I'll turn to our results and the outlook. Now, since the outbreak of COVID-19, Kimberly-Clark has taken decisive action to manage our business effectively through this crisis. Our key operating priorities remain as follows. First and foremost, we are focused on protecting the health and safety of our employees and our consumers; second, we're proactively managing our global supply chain to ensure supply of our essential products and third, we're prudently managing the business through near-term volatility, while continuing to strengthen the long-term health of Kimberly-Clark. I'm really proud of how our 40,000 employees are managing through the challenges we're facing every day. Our global supply chain organization led by our frontline manufacturing employees is doing an outstanding job keeping our supply chain rolling. We have not experienced material impact even as we've had disruptions in several markets with elevated infection rates. Despite the tough environment, our teams continue to deliver strong cost savings and productivity improvements. While much of our attention has been on the near term, we are continuing to execute our longer-term strategies. Our teams pivoted rapidly to pursue new growth opportunities, that have been created in the pandemic environment and this includes opportunities to better meet consumer and end-user needs around health, wellness and protection, both in home and in the workplace. It also includes opportunities to accelerate e-commerce and digital as consumers change how they engage with our brands. Now, I'd like to make a few comments about our results. As Maria mentioned, organic sales increased 4% in the quarter. In North American consumer products, organic sales were up 12%. Now within that personal care rose 5% and that was driven by ongoing momentum on premium-tier Huggies, child care and baby wipes. In North American consumer tissue organic, sales increased 22%. Category demand was strong reflecting increased at-home consumption and some continued consumer stock-up in bath tissue. Category growth moderated in the latter part of the quarter. Shipments exceeded category demand especially in bath tissue as we work 24/7 to restore customer inventory levels. Turning to K-C Professional in North America, organic sales declined 3% and volumes fell 9%. This decline reflects the challenging environment. And I'll note that we experienced strong shipments early in the quarter which included benefits from higher-than-normal customer orders in late March that were ultimately fulfilled in April. Now, by product category, second quarter volumes were down about 20% in washroom, down double digits in safety. Now volume was up double digits in wipers and other products. Moving to D&E markets, sales were down 3%, driven primarily by K-C Professional. Personal care organic sales in D&E were up 2%. Now in key personal care markets, organic sales were up mid-teens in China and up double digits in India. In Eastern Europe, organic sales were up slightly, although results were impacted by some destocking and the impact of economic lockdowns. In Latin America, organic sales fell low single digits despite favorable pricing in Argentina. Category demand in many D&E countries has been impacted by a drop in consumer purchasing power and government restrictions on social mobility and store operations. In developed markets, organic sales were up 3%, driven by strong growth in consumer tissue. Now, as you know, we're also very focused on improving our market positions and we're making good progress. Overall, we're growing or maintaining market share in approximately 60% of our 80 category/country combinations that we track. In North American consumer products market shares are up or even in five of eight product categories. In D&E markets shares were up in Eastern Europe up or even in China and somewhat mixed in Latin America. In developed markets shares were up in South Korea and the U.K. So to summarize our first half, I'm very encouraged by our progress. We're delivering strong financial results. We're strengthening our market positions and we're managing through this crisis safely and effectively. Now I'll address the outlook. The duration and impact of COVID-19 on our business remains unclear and there continues to be uncertainty in the environment. However, our visibility is improving and we're restoring forward-looking guidance for 2020. Compared to our original plan we're raising our outlook for both organic sales and earnings. We're also increasing growth investment, primarily in digital advertising. On the top line we're targeting organic sales growth of 4% to 5% which is above our original plan of 2%. And this increase reflects a combination of improved underlying brand performance and higher demand driven by COVID.  A few additional thoughts about our second half organic outlook, we have good underlying momentum and we'll continue to support our brands with strong advertising and innovation. New innovation includes launches on Pull-Ups in North America and feminine care in Eastern Europe Brazil and ASEAN. In addition, we expect bath tissue sales in North America will benefit from more people being at home and from our actions to improve customer inventory levels. We expect to continue facing challenging conditions in K-C Professional and in consumer categories in some D&E markets. We also expect to see additional consumer destocking in the second half. On the bottom line our revised outlook is adjusted earnings per share of $7.40 to $7.60. That's up 7% to 10% year-on-year compared to our original plan of $7.10 to $7.35. While, we're increasing our outlook we'll also invest more in our brands and capabilities. We temporarily paused some investment in the second quarter and now plan to restore and further increase investment this year. We're doing this to fuel market share momentum and to better position us for sustainable long-term success. In conclusion, we remain very optimistic about our opportunities to generate long-term growth and create shareholder value. We'll continue to prioritize the health and safety of our people and our consumers. We're executing our strategies well and we continue to operate our business with a balanced and sustainable approach. Now that concludes our prepared remarks and now we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Mike Hsu: Hey Dara. Dara you may be on mute.
Dara Mohsenian: Can you guys hear me?
Mike Hsu: We got you.
Paul Alexander: Yes. We got you.
Dara Mohsenian: Okay. Great. Hope all is well on your end. Your full year EPS guidance even at the high end seems high single digit year-over-year earnings dropped in the back half of the year. So I was just hoping for a bit more clarity on some of the drivers behind that? First, I'm assuming a consumer pantry deload probably depresses top line results a bit given your comments about moderating category growth towards the end of the quarter, but perhaps that might be offset by you guys rebuilding retailer inventory levels from a shipment perspective. So just any commentary on sort of the hangover from a topline standpoint in the back half versus the first half elevated levels would be helpful? And then second, you mentioned the reinvestment back behind advertising. Can you give us a sense? Is that a significant amount of reinvestment versus your original guidance a couple of quarters back, as some of the other P&L line items have come in better than expected? And then just last have you budgeted more conservatism into that guidance than you normally would for the back half, just given the volatility in the environment? Thanks.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thanks Dara. Yes, yes. A handful of questions. Let me lead off and I'll ask Maria to jump in because I think she'll give you a little bit better context. But I will say, resuming the guidance that definitely reflects our growing confidence in our ability to safely operate in this COVID environment. There are some big puts and takes certainly in demand. We see net favorable impact on demand overall though. And that reflects the strong demand growth in North America obviously in tissue which happens to be one of our largest businesses. We are seeing some offsetting effects, both in KCP, and as I mentioned, some D&E markets outside of China. And I think that still remains to be seen. And at this point of year, I think our range is still fairly wide and that probably reflects to some degree some of the uncertainty that still exists out there. But on the overall, we feel like demand should be for us overall a net positive. On the investment side, definitely in the second half, our plan was tilted to increase investment in the second half or a little bit more investment in the second half. We feel very good about where our product quality is and where our marketing and communications programs are for consumers, and we feel very good about the underlying brand performance across -- globally in most markets. And so, we really feel good about increasing our investment. The plan is for us -- we had a pretty significant uptick last year. I think it was about 60 bps in advertising increase, and our plan this year would be north of that. And that was our original plan, and we plan to meet that. But Maria, do you want to jump in there?
Maria Henry: Sure. I think Mike you covered the highlights. When I think about the year, the overall financials look really good. As we raised our OP growth forecast, and we've raised our EPS forecast for the year. Operating cash flow should be stronger for the year than we expected back in January. So overall, financially this should be a really good year for Kimberly-Clark, and all of that with increased investment in our business not only for the near term but the long-term. The way that that favorability comes in is that, it's first half weighted, for obvious reasons given the COVID situation and its flow-through impacts on our business. So, when I look at the full year outlook, we're benefiting from solid top line growth, which is led by volume growth plus benefits from mix and price. Currency headwinds are expected to be partially, but not entirely offset by commodity deflation benefits. Savings are strong. We raised our outlook on total savings from FORCE and GRP to $510 million to $560 million for the year. And as Mike said, we are significantly increasing investments this year, particularly in advertising, but also in other areas like long-term capability builds. So for the total year, it looks good. If I compare the first half to second half and give you a little bit more detail. In the second half, for profit, we will have a -- we're expecting slowing volume growth, which impacts our profit where we had a sizable benefit in the first half. A little further benefit from 2019 pricing actions, and also as shelf availability improves in the back half we should see a return to more normal levels of promotion. Commodities are becoming slightly -- modestly inflationary by the end of the year. And in addition, our cost savings are not expected to be as strong in the second half. And we're also increasing our investment in the back half of the year, as Mike talked about. So that's really what's going on. And my comment on the guidance is, I'm happy to reinstate guidance at this point, given that we have more comfort and fight into our supply chain team's ability to maintain our operations during spikes of COVID. That was less uncertain to us back in the April time frame. So the supply chain risk has been reduced, number one. Number two, the commodity currency environment overall, has calmed down since where we were in March, April. And so I would say, the guidance is realistic and it reflects what we're thinking based on what we see and the actions we intend to take through the remainder of the year.
Dara Mohsenian: Okay. That's very comprehensive. That's helpful. And then on the promotional environment, you mentioned in the pricing environment, obviously, we've seen a big promotional pullback in the U.S. here post-COVID. What are you guys expecting in the balance of the year? Does some of that linger? Do we get more back to a normalized type of environment? Particularly, if category growth weakens a bit, does that create more risk? And perhaps just touch on what you're seeing from a competitive standpoint, particularly on the private label front here in terms of the U.S. pricing environment.
Mike Hsu : Yes. U.S. in particular I think Dara I would say, the same thing I said last quarter is that I think the market has broadly been constructive. And that's because right now, especially the focus is on supply and we still are rebuilding inventories. I would say, we've made progress on the personal care side. We are still catching up and we're gaining on tissue. But we're -- our service levels still aren't where we want them to be and our in-stock still isn't where we want it to be. And so we're still working through that and so we're not promoting as much as we had in the past in this environment. I think actually the categories or other players in the market are not promoting as much either. I think just a couple of factoids. Volumes sold on promotion in the quarter for the category was down depending on the category somewhere between 25% and 50%. And so I think that does reflect the situation and I think that makes sense and as -- makes sense for the business at this point.
Dara Mohsenian: Okay. And I was getting more sort of the back half of the year, what you guys are expecting, what you started to see towards the end of the quarter so far in July? Have you seen any changes in behavior? And is this sort of new environment post-COVID likely to linger in your mind, or could you see a ramp-up with category growth dissipating a bit? So, looking more ahead as we look out to the balance of the year. Thanks.
Mike Hsu: Yes. I don't see it changing significantly in the balance of the year, because of the supply situation. I mean, I think I just said that we're making a little progress in improving our supply situation on tissue, but we still have a lot of work to do to catch up, and because of that supply is still tight. And so I don't see certainly from our end a heavy promotional environment from our perspective.
Dara Mohsenian: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Mike Hsu: Good morning, Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks so much. So I was hoping first you could talk a little bit about mix. Mike one of the things that you've talked about quite a bit is elevating the categories and some of the efforts that you're putting towards that in terms of innovation. So personal care mix was up 2% this quarter. So if you could talk a little bit about that where you're -- if you're seeing some greater traction with the higher-priced innovations. And then how we should think about that in more economically challenged markets like in Latin America or perhaps as it evolves over Central and Eastern Europe, how we should think about mix in your innovation agenda? Thanks.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Great question. Yes. Mix overall, I think, across both consumer personal care and consumer tissue and in KCP mix generally has been favorable for us across all markets. And it's part of the core strategy which is elevate our categories being one. We have recently been more focused on premiumizing our categories with higher margin products that serve the consumers better with better product features, and so we've driven that. And for reference, we've shifted our mix in Brazil diapers significantly. We were primarily -- a couple of years ago primarily a value-tier brand. And we're at the precipice of being primarily a premium-tier brand at this point two years later. And so now the caveat to that is with the shift in economic conditions, we've got to be able to pivot and meet the needs of our consumer. And so even the -- all of the team has focused on premiumizing or driving the premium tiers in Brazil for the last couple of years and made a lot of progress. They've shifted rapidly. And if you look at the quarter, I think Brazil the category was down high single-digits mostly driven through macros, right? There's as we mentioned in the remarks less consumer purchasing power, literally less money for consumers to spend and so they're really tightening up their household budgets. And so for us, we like having kind of a broad portfolio that we play in the value tier and the premium tier. And while our long-term strategy is drive premiumization, we want to be able to play both sides. And so we're pivoting accordingly and driving the value-tier business at this point. And so that's occurred in consumer tissue as well. Notably our Cottonelle share was up almost a couple of points I think this quarter and that has a positive effect on mix for us in some ways. If you look at diapers, obviously, our premium-tier diapers are little movers. Little Snugglers have been growing faster, in our business. And then, interestingly in KCP also a strong positive mix shift this quarter behind wipers, which tend to be a little bit higher margin for us.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. Great and just to complete the thought on Brazil, you've mentioned that the category was down high-single digits in Brazil. And then what was your performance?
Mike Hsu: Yeah. So we were up slightly, right? And so -- and -- and so overall -- and I think this would apply to many of our D&E markets. I think our end market or underlying brand performance has been strong, across D&E. But as we maybe highlighted in the last quarter the unknown around COVID was the implications or what the impact was going to be on some of the market conditions. And what's happened in some of these D&E markets like Brazil and Russia is the government doesn't have programs like PPP, in the U.S. And so the consumers don't have a backup plan or a subsidy when they're out of work or not going to work. And so it really battens down the hatches on their household spending, pretty tightly, pretty quickly. And because of that, I would say, we're pivoting our programming around which products we emphasize. But the underlying performance continued to be strong. For example, in Russia, which had a similar slowdown in the category, the category was down slightly. We were up. But we gained three share points, but there was a pretty big macro effect.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. That's great. And if I can ask a slightly longer-term question, so I know we're going to have challenging comparisons in 2021. But just in general, as you've laid out your Strategy 2022 plan, you're looking for organic sales growth sort of in that 1% to 3% range 2% originally for this year, with the idea that as you were making investments to upgrade capabilities, marketing, innovation, product quality all those things that you could reaccelerate toward 3% to 5%. With the higher spending, that both the commodity environment and the serve consumer demand is allowing you, how do you think that plays out in terms of the time line to kind of get closer to those long-term organic targets, as we look beyond -- again beyond the sort of COVID-enhanced if you will, near-term environment?
Mike Hsu: Yeah. Great question, the -- we would like to get back to our longer-term targets over time. And I think one of the reasons we moved to kind of the medium-term targets originally was the categories had slowed down significantly. And obviously in this environment the category has ticked up again. And I think, we're building the fundamentals and building our capability. And as we get more confident, both in our plans and the quality of our investments and our ability to invest, we would hope to get to a faster growth algorithm at some point in time. But right now I think we're still -- we still believe the medium-term targets that we put out there are the right ones for us. And then, we'll update those when we feel like it's appropriate.
Lauren Lieberman: And again, Mike, that would still have more to do with category growth. And not wanting to call that rather than your, I guess, the magnitude and strength of the advertising programs, the innovation product quality and so on?
Mike Hsu: Yeah. I think, it would be a combination of both. I think we would -- definitely when I see a little more from the category, more consistency over a longer period of time. And also get more confidence in our own executions and our own plans, Paul and Maria, any other commentary there?
Maria Henry: No. I would just say that the investments that we're making, we are expecting a return on those investments. And much of the investment is growth-related investments. Although there is also investment on core capabilities not only growth related, but also productivity related. So they -- we are expecting a strong return on those investments.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, great. Thanks. Ill pass it on. Thanks so much.
Mike Hsu: Thanks, Lauren. Next one.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Mike Hsu: Good morning, Kevin.
Kevin Grundy: Hi. Good morning everyone. And congrats on the strong results, in the first half of the year, particularly given the environment, Mike, just to pick up on, some of the line of questioning regarding investment levels, particularly around advertising and marketing. So my question is, what do you think is the appropriate level longer term? Will the step-up that you're targeting this year be a permanent one? And maybe help us think about the magnitude of the increase this year because when we kind of tumble through the numbers and then for you as well Maria just given what you've provided with respect to commodities and for savings and restructuring and FX there's a pretty substantial offset to get to your numbers. So, how much of that is advertising and marketing? And then how should we be thinking about that? And Mike how are you thinking about it longer term?
Mike Hsu: Yes, I'll let maybe Maria comment further on kind of the details of the step-up. But we are planning a significant increase this year just as we did last year. The -- Kevin I don't -- we have not set internally a long-range target but I -- in terms of what our overall A&P spending should be. But I would recognize while historically our advertising has been about average for the industry, it's been less than some of our direct competitors. And so we feel like there are two factors that we want to do which is to accelerate growth we feel like we need to fuel that with better products and better programming, both advertising and sales programs to drive our business and market development programs. And at the same time, it's going to require more investment and so we're doing that. Now, we don't have a long-range target that's public but I would say we would like to be north of where we are today and what we finish this year.
Kevin Grundy: Okay. Maria anything to add?
Maria Henry: Yes, I would just add that as a reminder our advertising investment will be back-half loaded and our capability building investments will also be back-half loaded. You may recall that when we were on the phone in April, we talked about the fact that with all of the volatility and uncertainty we were pausing some of our investments. And so the back-half higher numbers are partially related to that stepping back up to our original levels of investment and then also increasing the level of those investments given the overall performance for the year.
Kevin Grundy: Okay. Thank you, both for the color. Appreciate it. I have a number of questions, but I'll pass it onto other folks. Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Thanks Kevin.
Paul Alexander: Thanks Kevin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Powers with the Deutsche Bank.
Mike Hsu: Good morning Steve.
Steve Powers: Morning. Morning. Thank you. I don't know if you guys have looked at it this way. But I guess Maria maybe I was hoping you could talk us through the second quarter gross margin less so relative to a year ago, but relative to the first quarter just because I know there were a lot of variables. But just based on the headline disclosures it's hard to conceive of how the margin gets 260 basis points better in 2Q versus 1Q. So, I'm just -- maybe you can unpack a little bit of that to give us a sense of the moving parts.
Maria Henry: Sure. A few pieces to comment on. The savings in the second quarter were very strong as we discussed. On the margin side of house, we also have benefit from geographic mix. So, when you look across the board the stronger performance in North America where our margins are higher than in developing and emerging market, definitely helped us on the margin side of the house. So, those were two of the bigger drivers.
Steve Powers: Okay, okay. That makes sense. I guess the other question and I think you talked a little bit about this. But I guess as I listen to your answers to Kevin's question to Lauren before that is there -- maybe you can just talk a little bit more to the extent you can on the specific nature of the second half investments. Just a little bit more specificity would be helpful. And I guess I'm really trying to get a sense for how much of those investments are more tactical where we can think of the returns that you mentioned sort of being yielded in the next 12 months versus those that are longer term in nature that are capabilities that won't yield a return necessarily next year but in the coming two or three-plus years. Is there a way to describe that balance?
Mike Hsu: Yes, yes. I think -- let's see Steve. I guess I would probably characterize them all as longer term in nature, but that includes advertising and brand building and capability investment. And both I classify as more long term -- more longer term in nature versus what I would say short term, "Hey we're going to do a big buy one get one free promotion", right? So it's less tactical in that sense and more long term in the sense of building equity over the long term. But now, the caveat of that is a lot of the -- most of the advertising investment is in digital and that does generate returns sooner. And now we can evaluate those real time and that's one of the reasons why we do it. But that has both an equity-building component and in some ways a volume -- or short-term volume-driving component. And so I'd say a big chunk is as Maria mentioned in her remarks digital advertising. We are investing a significant sum that will flow through to more of the overhead lines in capability building. And really a couple of areas that we're investing aggressively in is what we've called a revenue growth management which was going to help us with trade promotion efficiency and our price pack architectures and how we do pricing globally. And really the notion here is as we're building the global capability, we have a global framework and approach to it. We need to have the right analytics around the world. We need to have the right talent and we need to have the right tools. And so they're significant investments we're making to improve that capability there. Similarly on digital and our digital capability, not only in the spend, but what we're driving is what Alison would call performance marketing capability. And that requires the same things that I just highlighted in revenue growth management, which is analytics, talent and tools. And so those were some longer-term investments we're making.
Steve Powers: Yes. That's helpful. I guess just last follow-up on that is just the lead time you need to make on these investments. Are these investments that as we sit here in July, you've kind of earmarked and locked in for the back half or -- especially there's not a lot of flex in it, or are there elements to the investments that can be flexed to the extent that the pricing environment that right now looks good kind of looks differently or the demand environment dries up? Just how much discretion and flex do you have in what's lined up for the second half?
Mike Hsu: Well, maybe I'll let -- I'll defer to Maria's judgment here, but I would say there's always some flexibility. Nothing's ever set in stone unless we bought upfront everything, which in our case we haven't. And by definition, I think there's a lot more flexibility in digital in terms of how we go to market there. So Maria, any additional insights?
Maria Henry: Yes. I think that's right. We do have some flexibility on the discretionary investments that we plan to make in the second half of the year. And to circle back to your first question, which I missed one other relevant component on the Q2 to Q1, you may recall that we made meaningful investments to shore up our mills and that included additional compensation as well as other supply chain investments. Those were first quarter weighted. And then I just reiterate my comment that we did take a pause on spending an investment in the second quarter and that affected our G&A. So the G&A increase was lower in the second quarter than the first quarter. So just to try to help with the math there.
Steve Powers: Yeah. Thank you. That's all. All those comments were really helpful. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets.
Mike Hsu: Good morning, Nik.
Nik Modi: Yes. So Mike, I just wanted to kind of get your sense. Obviously things are changing at a rapid rate in terms of openings and closings and that has an impact on consumption, especially at at-home consumption. So I was just hoping you can give us some context on what you're seeing in July as it relates to some of the changes that have been taking place on a regional basis? And is your supply chain in a position yet, where it can actually execute based on some of these very kind of micro regional changes whether it be by county or by just that city or state level?
Mike Hsu: Yes. And Nik, I assume you're really asking as infection rates change around markets or locations?
Nik Modi: Yes, yes. Just given that's dictating how open an economy is.
Mike Hsu: Yeah. Well, I'll talk maybe operations and then the economy. One, I will start with our operations, which I think the team has been doing a phenomenal job executing very well and with a really disciplined approach to COVID-19. Nik, we really have been prioritizing the safety of our employees in our plants. And we've had some sporadic outages. I will tell you, we're on the mode now is we're tracking the infection rates very closely to the lowest level possible. And in the U.S. that means by county is where we  we make our decisions. We proactively closed plants for cleaning or make other decisions based on what those infection rates are. And so overall, as I mentioned earlier, I think we've become more confident in our ability to operate in an infection rate environment that fluctuates, and we've done that throughout this year thus far. And so on that component, I think we've really escalated our safety procedures and we feel good about that. I think from an economy perspective, again, we're still kind of working through kind of the changes. And I think we highlighted in Q1 that there were some question marks in developing and emerging markets how that would be affected. I think that has come to be realized particularly in Latin America where we're seeing a fairly high impact of COVID plus in a lot of the markets down there a lot of countries down there very strict government lockdowns on social mobility, and as I mentioned earlier, less money for consumers to spend. And so we're seeing a bigger impact. I think we've made the call in our forecast, and we feel like we have it called right. But it is one of the reasons why we left the range a little bit wider, because there still is some uncertainty there. But net-net, I would say, if you look at the U.S. we would expect and we mentioned in bath tissue probably would be modestly higher, because of people being at home more often. And with the U.S. being our  by far our largest market that's a net positive financially, and then we'll work through some of the challenges in some of the D&E markets even though our underlying brand performance continues to be strong.
Nik Modi: And then, if I could just follow up real quick on a quick online question. Just it seems this is kind of an arms race to get in the consumer's basket, especially because those new online consumers. How do you feel about your current positioning around that in terms of being the number one choice in the basket right now? Because it seems like that going forward will be a lot more sticky than what you would normally see in a brick-and-mortar environment. Or you could disagree with me. Do you think that's not the case?
Mike Hsu: No, no. Overall, we feel very good. I mean, I think we  over time  and I think we've made progress in our digital and e-commerce capability, e-commerce in particular. We've got very highly developed businesses in Asia, particularly South Korea and China. The U.S., I think we've really strengthened over the last five years or so. I think when we started off, we're probably in the U.S. a little lighter or a little later to the party in baby and child care, but I think we've caught up, and I think we're at our fair share online now. And in tissue, we've been a little bit  I think a little bit ahead. And so we feel very good about our overall positioning. The interesting areas are some of the D&E markets, where even 18 months ago nobody was talking e-commerce in Brazil, and it was an infinitesimal part of our business. It's becoming fairly significant and we're making a lot of progress at best. And the interesting thing is in the capability development we're talking about with this digital and e-commerce global capabilities, we really are applying lessons from our top markets like China, or South Korea globally and that's really having a big impact. For instance, one of the key strategies that Brazil is running is really adopted from our South Korea business.
Nik Modi: Great. Thanks, Mike. Good luck.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thanks, Nik.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Mike Hsu: Good morning, Andrea.
Andrea Teixeira: Hi. Good morning. And congrats for restoring the guidance and buybacks and also the Brothers team for shipping all this volume. So can you  can you comment on what you saw in orders exiting the quarter for both developed and emerging markets on the consumer side? And in the professional business in other words, what was the volume rate in June much lower than the quarter, or you were still catching up on the shop and destocking as you said a couple of times in this call? And following up on the mix comments in emerging markets, it's great to hear about the margin accretive innovation in Brazil, but are you seeing category improving also in China and Eastern Europe, or disposable income pressures are more than offsetting the reopenings? Thank you. 
Mike Hsu: Yes. Maybe I'll start with -- I think the KCP, just to give you a little more texture. I think definitely the business is impacted by the global slowdown, but the team is really pivoting aggressively to create healthier workplaces. And so the organic overall for the business globally was down 10%. North America was down 3%. And per your question and I think, I mentioned in my remarks that we had significant orders in March that we shipped in April. So that offsets. So I think the run rate is a little worse than 3%. And -- but there's a couple of factors. I mean definitely declines in the core washroom business, I mentioned globally, but I think the washroom business was down about 20%. Offices, industrial travel and lodging all significantly down and remains significantly down. We do see some pickup in health care grocery and e-commerce that's offsetting that to some degree. And then also in K-C Professional, we are capturing growth. As I mentioned wipers is up double-digits and so that's a positive one for us with a positive mix effect. And then we are expanding our mask offering. We had sold some co-pack masks so we're -- we have a very small mask business, but we have begun self-manufacturing masks. We actually think we have great technology from a materials perspective. We're a large non-wovens producer and we feel like our non-wovens fabrics are excellent materials for masks. And so we are producing some masks. Primarily we started for internal production for our mills using our plants, but we are selling them externally now and that will be a good part of our business going forward. So that's the KCP part. And again I think your question on the consumer side. Again in personal care, there was a pronounced stock-up in the first quarter as you might recall and we have double-digit growth across the categories. If you think about personal care like a diaper there's no reason for a surge like that. And so subsequently in Q2 we're seeing -- if you look at the Nielsen some of that reverse out. And -- but I do think in personal care overall it'll level out to more normalized numbers still probably positive, but more normalized. In tissue people at home are equals more use at home. And so we will see I think a fairly significant growth this year overall for the tissue categories. And we're up in all three tissue categories in North America up double-digits. And we think despite -- there's been a little softness in the last quarter some reversals, but we still should see a higher overall consumption in tissue both in North America and other developed markets for the balance of the year. So I'll pause there. I think there were a couple of other questions there. If you could just remind me Andrea what else you want me to hit on.
Andrea Teixeira: Yes. Sorry, Mike. Yes. I wanted to just go -- if you take us throughout the world. But before you do like just to finalize your comment about the consumer tissue business. Are you seeing
Mike Hsu: Yeah.
Andrea Teixeira: Because what we've seen Nielsen obviously, doesn't capture the non-track channels. Are you seeing -- are you losing share or like industry? I mean, I think, you mentioned like five out of eight categories that you're gaining share. So that I'm assuming is encompassing of all channels. So if you can take us through that and then talk about take us throughout the world also for China and Korea in terms of share of those categories?
Mike Hsu: Yes. Okay. Yes. So largely I think, we feel very good about our share performance and we're making progress there. By the categories, we track and we track 80 country-category combinations what we call in the cohorts. We're up or even in 60% of those. And in North America we had five of eight. Within consumer tissue we -- the way we tracked across all outlets we're up in all brands with the lone exception of Scott -- or Scott bath tissue. And that was mostly driven by -- we're probably the most supply-constrained on Scott 1000. And so Cottonelle was up about two share points or almost two share points. Kleenex was up over a point. Kleenex up in many markets up significantly and so we feel good about the share performance overall. Importantly in North America, Huggies was up two share points and so behind strong momentum on the premium side of the business. If I click around the world, strong share momentum in Central and Eastern Europe. As I mentioned earlier, category has slowed down because of consumer purchasing power. But across CEE, our shares were up significantly. In diapers, in Russia, we're up three share points; femcare up 1 point. We were up about 2 points in the Ukraine and up about 2 points in Kazakhstan and growing -- still growing well across CIS. And so, I think, that we'll continue to make progress there. Importantly in China, I think, we are about even in share in diapers and up pretty significantly in feminine care. And the mix on diapers is really a tale of -- we're probably up almost two share points on the premium side of the business, but offset by declines in value, which we're deemphasizing a little bit in China, right now. So we feel good about the strategy in China and the progress we're making on the China business. And, overall, in China, I think, we were up strong double digits or mid-teens in the quarter on performance. And then the other areas, as we mentioned, I think, Brazil, I think, we were up in one category, even in one category and down in one category. But overall, I think, the story in Brazil is more about the category and the economy and the team is holding up well and pivoting accordingly. The other areas that we mentioned in the past, we are making pretty good progress in Peru. We've mentioned that's been an issue for us towards the second half of last year. We're making very strong progress with pretty significant share improvement -- sequential share improvement in our diaper business. But similar story to Brazil, the story is more the category there. The category was down about 10% in the quarter, which is the biggest drop, I think, perhaps, in Peru in 30 years. And so -- which has been a strong growth category for us for a long time. And that's all related to COVID. And I see really strongly improving brand performance. So, I know, I just threw a lot at you. I'll pause there and ask if you have any other follow-ups here.
Andrea Teixeira: No. That's great. Appreciate the color. And then on the e-commerce and all the capabilities that you're putting together, can you update us how it evolved since the first quarter to the second quarter? And what is your goal as you put more money behind those capabilities?
Mike Hsu: Yes. Well, I think, from the capability perspective, we've resourced teams. We've built out kind of an overall global approach and we've got leaders kind of in each of the four kind of core commercial capabilities that we've talked about. They report through Alison Lewis, our Chief Growth Officer. And so, we stood that up and now we're in the process of making the right investments, as I mentioned, in the tools, in adding talent, adding staff, or people who know how to do this stuff cold and then in driving the analytics, to help us to better decision-making.
Andrea Teixeira: And how much do you -- are you ready to share, like, how much it represents on your -- from your sales now in the second quarter and how much it grew, e-commerce globally?
Mike Hsu: I don't think we're ready to share that yet, but I'll pause and maybe I'll defer to Paul here.
Paul Alexander: Yes. Mike, I can take that. So, Andrea, on a year-to-date basis, from what we can see, we would say sales via e-commerce or an omni-channel perspective would be, growing at 30% across the company.
Andrea Teixeira: Okay. Thats helpful. Thank you.
Paul Alexander: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Olivia Tong with Bank of America.
Olivia Tong: Thanks.
Paul Alexander: Hi, Olivia.
Olivia Tong: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. I hope you guys are doing well. Want to ask you about cost savings. FORCE and the other restructuring savings were quite a bit better than -- your expectations are quite a bit better than your January expectations. So, are these new projects that have absolutely nothing to do with the pandemic? Or are these savings that came -- that have come out because the efficiencies required to meet COVID-related demand? Because it sounded like, you pushed out some projects from the first half into the second half, some of the cost savings projects. So that's my first question. Thanks.
Maria Henry: Sure. Some of the benefit is COVID related, but let me talk both about FORCE and restructuring on FORCE. It was a very strong quarter and better than we were expecting and that's really coming from productivity in our manufacturing sites, as well as a step-up in expected savings associated with negotiated material pricing. On the productivity side, the reason I say some of it is COVID related is, as we've discussed before we did do some SKU rationalization. And with fewer SKUs to run, the output on our machines is much higher, so strong productivity there. And we also see less waste when we have fewer changeovers. When we talk about some of the COVID-related delays, which we mentioned back in April, those are going to impact the second half more than they did in the second quarter. So that's on FORCE. And then on restructuring, you get that same benefit on productivity. The assets that we have stood up as part of the restructuring program are running better than we expected. And again the delays that we had there on starting up those restructuring programs, as we can't get people into the mills with the travel restrictions and safety considerations, those will impact the second half more than the first half.
Olivia Tong: All right. Thank you. Can you talk a little bit about the -- you parse it out. What came just from COVID and potentially comes returns? Basically those are reinstated costs that go back in once things get better. And then the other thing is, just if you could talk through the flexibility in your manufacturing and distribution, particularly if a region sees a spike in cases and you do end up with cases in a plant that results in a -- obviously, lower productivity in a plant. Now, that we see cases rising in areas where you guys actually make stuff. So, what kind of plans do you have in place? What kind of flexibility do you have if a particular area shut down? And is there capacity in another region to ship from there? It's a little bit tough when it comes to tissue towel obviously and a couple of the other categories given these are things that don't typically move very long distances. Thanks.
Maria Henry: Sure, sure. I think the strong productivity gains that we had related to SKU rationalization, we wouldn't expect the level of rationalization that we're currently delivering in order to meet the elevated demand, but we also don't expect to go back to where we were. So, there should be some ongoing benefit from that as we look out longer term. Productivity and savings also are driven by higher volumes. Higher volumes have a lot of benefit across the P&L and cash flow. If you think about one of the elements of our FORCE savings program is the benefit from product design changes. And so, if we reduce the cost of producing a product, you've got the net savings and then that's multiplied by the volumes. So, when you've got higher volumes you have bigger savings. So, part of that goes as the volumes go on the way it shows up in our P&L. And on your other question on supply chain and inventories, we've done a few things to help ensure that we've got the supply to meet the customer and consumer demand. The supply chain team has taken a number of actions to move inventory closer to where the demand is coming from. We have also looked across the globe at where we have production capacity to help out where we are capacity constrained. As you note, that's more efficient on some of our products, particularly in the personal care area versus the tissue area. But on the tissue area, we're also getting some help from K-C de Mxico, which has been great. And the team has been actively working to qualify third-party suppliers to help us meet the high levels of demand.
Olivia Tong: That's super helpful. And then just one question, Mike on the personal care side of the business. So, can you just talk a little bit about the competitive environment and the balance you're looking for, as you try to drive market share growth, but of course thinking through what may become a more difficult macro environment as we go forward? What's your view in terms of -- it sounds like supply is now sort of pretty much caught up to demand. So what's your view on the promotional environment? Does it still stay suppressed, or does it actually come back as supply and production normalizes?
Mike Hsu: Yeah. I think we're on the personal care side, generally I think we're -- at this point, we haven't caught all the way up but we're getting closer, certainly closer than we are in tissue. I do think though the terms of competition in personal care are healthy at this point. In most markets they have turned, I would say to product quality and to advertising notably in China, which I think had been very price-sensitive for maybe the prior three years or so. I think there was a return to maybe a healthier competitive dynamic in the category in the sense of bringing more innovation and meeting consumers' needs in that dimension. I think -- and that's something that -- certainly our strategy, which is to take the high road, make better products and to bring more consumers into the category is, kind of, our focus versus trying to rent share. And so we're seeing that generally in most markets. Maybe there is a little bit of a competitive entry in Argentina and Brazil with some local competitors. But overall I would say generally in North America, China, Central and Eastern Europe, I think it's been -- we've been competing on innovation and marketing and I feel like that's healthy for the category.
Olivia Tong: Great. Thank you so much.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thank you, Olivia.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Mike Hsu: Good morning Jason.
Jason English: Thank you. Congratulations on the strong results this quarter and the strong results year-to-date. It's impressive particularly in context of the environment. I want to come back and just come back to the same line of question you were getting early in the call on the implicit guidance for the back half of the year, because I'm still left a bit befuddled. You've talked about currency and commodities netting neutral in the back half. You've got 210 to 260 of productivity still to come. You're expecting organic sales growth on both volume and price yet EBIT is going to be down $120 million to $220 million or so roughly in the back half of the year. You stack it up and it implies well north of $400 million of reinvestment in the business, and that's on top of the heavy investment that already came in the first half. There doesn't look to be a lot of evidence of you deferring expenses. SG&A is up 9% in the front half. So I think everyone's going to walk away saying, this is really conservative. They're not going to spend that much. And why would that conclusion be wrong? Like what are we missing? That's a huge chunk of money. Are there other offsets, or where will you spend such a big slug of dollars if that is the right figure?
Maria Henry: Yeah. Let me, kind of, go ahead and tick through it, and then I'll turn it over to Mike to talk more about the investments that we are making. If I look at currency commodity and price Jason, we had a meaningful benefit from that in the first half of the year and that will be a drag in the second half of the year. On price, as I mentioned, the year-over-year benefit from the 2019 pricing actions that we took has now materialized itself in the P&L. Input costs, inflation benefits are weighted to the first half. And while input costs are expected to stay relatively stable to maybe slightly inflationary in the back half when you look at the year-over-year comparison, you'll remember that input costs turned deflationary for us in the second half of last year. So when you look year-over-year, we don't have the benefits that we enjoyed in the P&L in the first half. We're getting lower benefit from volume mix. Our other manufacturing costs will continue to remain elevated, given the safety and sanitation protocols that we have in place. We talked about the step-up in advertising and capability investments and then we have lower savings from both the restructuring program and the FORCE program in the second half, so just to be clear on where we stand on those main drivers. And then I'll turn it back to Mike to comment on the investments.
Mike Hsu: Yes. I mean, I think it is  we do have significant investment plan. We feel like we have good opportunities to spend it on, as I mentioned, primarily digital advertising and then the capabilities that we talked about revenue growth management and digital marketing. But I think for me the other two things I'd mention is, there's still a lot of uncertainty in our back half. Part of it related as I mentioned in my remarks related to KCP. And I would say because of the April  or March, April, North America impact, I would probably say there's probably still a little more slowdown that we would expect in KCP planning for. And then there's a lot  still a lot of COVID-related uncertainty in developing and emerging markets, where we just saw kind of the beginning of that in the second quarter. And so there's two  really two impact aspects which is there's definitely investment but there's also we're  in our plans we're leaving ourselves some room to manage through some of the COVID-related issues that still exists that are still widely unknown.
Jason English: Okay. I understand that. Real quick on the elevated manufacturing costs because to me maybe that's the one thing that's missing from our bridge. When we look at the second quarter though there's not a lot of evidence and the gross margin expansion was heroic. And when I bridge it through with volume, price, the productivity and the input cost figures you gave, it kind of all fits. There's no sort of leakage despite what seems to be some decremental margins with just the business mix. So it doesn't look like there's a lot of elevated manufacturing costs in the second quarter. What was it? Like why wouldn't that same sort of margin build hold? Why would we start to see leakage on that sort of simple build in the back half of the year if that makes sense?
Maria Henry: Right. I think for the back half versus the first half on the  what we call other manufacturing costs, the drag will be relatively similar. And within other manufacturing costs that category is generally inflationary so that's not unusual. And it continued to be inflationary on the standard components including our investment in product improvements, which shows up in the form of on costs in the manufacturing part of the P&L and also regular labor rate inflation. What is new and related to COVID is that we have those cost increases related to the supply chain impacts around standardization and safety protocols that are elevating these. And then that's partially offset by fixed cost absorption from the stronger volumes but it's not completely offset.
Jason English: Okay. Thank you very much. Ill pass it on.
Mike Hsu: Thanks, Jason.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Wendy Nicholson with Citigroup.
Mike Hsu: Good morning, Wendy.
Wendy Nicholson: Hi. I know this has been a long call, so I want to make my questions really direct and short. And then simply on the professional business, that business we all expected I think to be weak. I'm wondering number one, what are you seeing in third quarter has just started. But what are your expectations for trends in that business in the third quarter, same type of volume decline better or worse? And can you remind us of the gross margin in that business? Is it above or below corporate average? Thanks.
Mike Hsu: Yeah. Maybe I'll have the trend. And maybe Paul or Maria if you could, the gross margin, I don't have that off the top of my head. But I think the, the trend I would say and given kind of the remarks we made Wendy would be, probably slightly worse than what we had in the second quarter, because of that the high orders that came at the end of March that were shipped in April. And so the run rate was probably a little -- a touch lower in North America than the 3% that we ended up in the quarter. That said  so, we'll have the core washroom business down, double-digits. We are making progress on our wipers. And as I mentioned, our new mask business. And so those will be offsets to the good.
Maria Henry: And Paul, I'm not sure about -- if we comment on gross margins. So I'm going to pass that to you.
Paul Alexander: Yeah. Thanks, Maria. So we don't provide specific numbers at the segment level on gross margins. What I would say is that, maybe not surprisingly margins for KCP would be in between personal care and consumer tissue. And they're pretty healthy overall.
Wendy Nicholson: And the reason I ask is because...
Mike Hsu: Hi Wendy my apologies.
Wendy Nicholson: Yeah. Yeah.
Mike Hsu: I'll just -- I'll apologize. The three of us are in separate rooms because of COVID. So normally if I started answering that Paul would slap me with a ruler, but he's not able to do that right now.
Wendy Nicholson: No problem. And the reason I ask is because that business in particular -- I mean obviously you saw a sharp -- shortfall in sales again which we expected. But your cost control, and the benefits of the gross margin, or the benefits of commodities really insulated your profits there. And so I'm wondering, just as we think about the second half and modeling, I assume that's a business that all of the investment spending, you're probably not going to spend quite as much from an investment spending perspective. So I would think that that's a business that could whatever, continue to kind of carry the day from a profitability perspective, simply given the commodity environment is still so favorable et cetera, et cetera. Is that a fair assumption? Sounds like, you've made significant cost cuts which have sort of restructured that business a little bit. Am I reading too much into that?
Mike Hsu: I think that one the team is doing an outstanding job managing the costs. But also they're doing an outstanding job pivoting to maybe what I think our -- Russ our president of that division would call kind of the essential to create healthier workplaces, right? It's now mission-critical to create a healthier workplace. And so, the notion that wipers and masks will become a bigger piece of the business, it has a positive mix effect, from a margin perspective.
Wendy Nicholson: Got it. And thank you so much.
Maria Henry: And that business is -- yeah. That business is also benefiting from the geographic mix component that we talked about, so I would call that out.
Wendy Nicholson: Fair enough. Thanks a lot.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thank you, Wendy.
Operator: Thank you. Speakers at this time, we have no further questioners in the queue.
Paul Alexander: Great. Well we appreciate all the questions. We'll close -- go ahead Mike.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Yeah. I just want to thank everybody for dialling in and joining us today. We remain very optimistic about our opportunities to generate long-term growth and create shareholder value. Our K-C 2022 strategies are working. And we see more opportunity for us to elevate and expand our categories. So thank you.
Paul Alexander: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes this morning's presentation. You may disconnect your phone lines. And thank you for joining us today.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-22 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience and holding. We now have your presenters in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of the presentation, we will open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to introduce our first presenter, Mr. Paul Alexander. Please go ahead, sir.
Paul Alexander: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clarks First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today, you will hear from Mike Hsu, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Maria Henry, our CFO. We have a presentation of today's materials in the Investors section of our website. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest quarterly report on Form 10-Q and our annual report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. Lastly, we'll be referring to adjusted results, which exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. That release has further information about these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Michael Hsu: Thank you, Paul. Good morning, everyone. We joined you today during an unprecedented time, and we hope all our stakeholders are staying healthy and safe. The COVID-19 crisis is severely affecting individuals and society at large, and it's forcing companies like ours to adapt to overcome near-term operating challenges and uncertainty. Kimberly-Clarks vision is to provide the world with essentials for a better life and we know our consumers are counting on us now more than ever to fulfill that vision. We take this responsibility seriously and our teams are working around the clock to ensure our essential products get to our consumers who depend on us. The K-C Foundation and our brands have launched programs to support COVID-19 relief efforts. And thus far, we provided donations of more than $8 million to organizations, including UNICEF, the Red Cross, and the United Way. We are also donating millions and millions of our products to other organizations in need. Since the outbreak of COVID-19, we have taken decisive action to manage our business effectively through this crisis. We have three key operating priorities. Priority number one, protect the health and safety of our employees and our consumers. Throughout our 148-year history, this has never been more important than right now. We have taken aggressive action to protect our employees around the world, no matter where they work. That includes implementing extensive sanitization, quarantine, and social distance protocols in our manufacturing facilities, work-from-home policies, and of course, travel restrictions. We are also recognizing our manufacturing employees with well-deserved bonuses in appreciation of their efforts. Priority number two, proactively manage our global supply chain to ensure supply of our essential products to our consumers. Our supply chain teams are meeting multiple times each day to effectively navigate the dynamic environment. They are doing a great job in keeping our global supply chain largely operational, in many cases, delivering record output. We are running our assets flat out and greatly simplifying our assortment to improve product availability. We are working with raw material suppliers and distribution partners to ensure continuity and maximize deliveries. In some cases, we are incurring additional costs to keep the supply chain rolling. We have experienced some disruption, including temporary manufacturing slowdowns and shutdowns, but none have had material impact to date. The supply chain environment is dynamic and we expect ongoing challenges in the near-term. However, we are encouraged with our team's ability thus far to manage effectively in the current environment. Priority number three, prudently manage the business through near-term volatility, while continuing to strengthen the long-term health of Kimberly-Clark. We will continue to operate with a balanced perspective on both the top and bottom line as we assess both risk and opportunity. We will continue to invest in our products, our brands, and our commercial capabilities to maintain the near-term health of our business and position us for long-term success. That said, some investment in brand support, including promotion activity will be deferred temporarily because it isn't effective or appropriate in the current environment. We will also manage our discretionary overhead even more tightly. And as Maria will describe, we have taken additional steps to further strengthen our balance sheet and enhance our financial flexibility. While the environment continues to evolve rapidly, our teams are managing our priorities and our business well. I am extremely proud of our entire K-C team. I want to express sincere thanks for how they are fulfilling our vision. Maria will take you through the results of the quarter, but as you can see from the release, we are performing well, have a strong balance sheet, and are delivering solid cash flow. In a few minutes, I'll discuss the outlook and then open the call for your questions, but for now, I'll turn it over to Maria.
Maria Henry: Thanks Mike, and good morning, everyone. First, let me echo my comments and say that I hope everyone is staying healthy and safe during this global health crisis. I'd also like to thank our 40,000 employees for their incredible actions during this time period. I've never been more proud to work at this great company. How we are managing through this crisis is, of course, the most important thing right now, but I do want to spend a few minutes reviewing our results. Overall, first quarter results reflect both significant volume increases from consumer stock up as well as excellent execution by our teams. We generated strong cash flow and further strengthened our balance sheet. In addition, we continue to invest more in our business and our market share positions are in good shape. Let me cover some of the details of our results. First quarter net sales were $5 billion. That's up 8% year-on-year. Organic sales increased 11%, while currencies were a two point drag. Volumes were up 8%, including significant shipments to support consumer stock up related to the COVID-19 outbreak. That stock up occurred in all major geographies and benefited all three business segments, in particular consumer tissue. In addition, we were off to an excellent start to the year prior to the outbreak with good performance in several areas. That included premium-tier Huggies Diapers and adult care in North America, personal care in Asia broadly, including China and also in Eastern Europe. Net selling prices in the quarter were up 1% driven by increases taken last year. Overall, the pricing and promotion environment remained broadly constructive in the first quarter. Product mix improved 1%, reflecting our strategies to elevate our categories and drive trade up. Let me pause here and touch briefly on our market share positions. In North American consumer products, our first quarter market shares were up or even in five of eight categories year-on-year, and up or even in six of eight categories sequentially. In key D&E markets, in personal care, market shares were up or even year-on-year in Eastern Europe and China, and in most categories in Brazil. Shares were down in some other countries in Latin America, including Peru, although our position there was stable sequentially. Overall, our market shares are broadly healthy, which is a good place to be in this environment. Turning back to the financials. First quarter adjusted gross margin was 37.2%, up 370 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted gross profit increased 20%. We had a strong quarter on cost savings with total savings of $125 million from our FORCE and restructuring programs. Commodities were a benefit of $115 million, somewhat better than we expected. Other manufacturing costs were higher year-on-year. Foreign currencies were somewhat worse than we expected and reduced operating profit at a high single-digit rate. Between the line spending was up a 100 basis points as a percent of net sales, including a nice step up in advertising spending. Adjusted operating margin was 19.9%, up 250 basis points and adjusted operating profit grew 24%. The bottom line also benefited from a slightly lower tax rate, higher equity income and a lower share count. All-in-all, first quarter adjusted earnings per share were $2.13, up 28%. Now let's turn to cash flow restructuring in the balance sheet. Cash provided by operations was strong at $704 million compared to a soft quarter last year of $317 million. The year-on-year increase was driven by higher earnings and improved working capital. Capital spending was $352 million in the quarter, including significant activity related to our restructuring. Looking ahead, some of our near-term capital projects and restructuring activities will be temporarily delayed or reprioritized because of the complexities of managing in the current environment. We now expect that charges for a restructuring program will continue into 2021 rather than wrapping up at the end of this year. We also expect the charges for the total program will be towards the high end of our previous estimate. We expect that total restructuring savings will be consistent with our previous estimate, although it is possible that we won't hit our full target until sometime in 2022. On capital allocation, first quarter dividends and share repurchases totaled approximately $575 million. We are prudently managing and further strengthening our already strong balance sheet and liquidity position in this environment, and our liquidity overall remains robust. It is also our intention to maintain our A credit rating through this temporary period of uncertainty. We executed two long-term debt transactions in the quarter. The first was a $500 million 30-year bond offering that essentially pre-funded the $500 million of notes that will come due in August. In late March, we executed a second transaction. This one, a $750 million 10-year bond offering. That transaction enhanced our overall liquidity and flexibility and reduced our near-term need for commercial paper. We also continue to maintain two revolving credit facilities totaling $2.75 billion that we've never drawn upon. We are also temporarily suspending our share repurchase program for at least the remainder of the second quarter to provide additional flexibility. We will continue to monitor the uncertainty in the environment and we will give you another update on share repurchases in July. Longer-term, there has been no change in our capital allocation strategies. I will finish with some perspectives on the currency and commodity markets. We originally expected that currencies would reduce our net sales by one point this year. Using first quarter actuals and forward rates at the end of March, the headwind would be approximately 4% and rates remained volatile on a daily basis. For your benefit on a historical basis, the currency impact on our operating profit taking into account both translation and transaction effects has typically been two to three times the impact on our sales. In addition, our equity affiliate K-C to Mexico is facing many of the same uncertainties that we are, including a much weaker Mexican peso. Improving net realized revenue remains one of our strategies to offset currency headwinds, however, in this environment, much of a new incremental price realization will occur  much incremental price realization will occur in the near-term is more uncertain than normal. On the commodity front, forward-looking trends look favorable, although markets remain volatile and as usual cost changes could impact the promotion environment. Raw material markets that can be influenced by oil, including resin have started to move down some recently, although much less than the decline in oil, and where oil goes from here is certainly unclear. On pulp, recent industry forecast for North America eucalyptus market prices are in the lower half of the range we use to set our full-year plan in January, which was $900 to $975 per metric ton. So all-in-all, I am encouraged by our execution in the quarter, and our balance sheet, our business fundamentals, and our financial health are all strong. I'll now hand it back to Mike.
Michael Hsu: Okay. Thank you, Maria. Now I'll provide some forward-looking perspective. We are focused on ensuring business continuity and we are developing robust contingency plans to address a wide range of scenarios. I feel good about where we stand right now, but we are navigating a very dynamic environment. Due to the lack of visibility and uncertainty about the potential impact of that pandemic, including its potential effects on the global economy, our markets, and our supply chain were temporarily suspending our forward-looking guidance. Now, as the situation progresses and we get more visibility into the impact of the pandemic, we will resume guidance. Today, our teams have done an excellent job navigating through the volatility, however, the inherent unpredictability of the pandemic creates uncertainty and that makes it difficult for us to assess future outcomes with any precision. In addition, the volatility in currency, commodities and supply chain, there are effects on demand and I'll share some perspective on that right now. Our essential categories have historically performed well in times of economic turbulence. In consumer, our underlying momentum is solid and we are making strong progress on our strategic growth initiatives. We will continue to support our brands with innovation and marketing. Near-term innovation launches, include upgrades in Huggies in China, North America, and Brazil, Kotex in Eastern Europe, and Poise and Depend in North America. Consumption in the first quarter ran ahead of shipments and as a result, we expect retailers will rebuild inventory and that will see additional volume in the second quarter, and we are seeing that play out thus far in April. We expect most, but not all of the demand increase from consumer stock up will reverse out later in the year. However, with more people at home and also paying closer attention to personal hygiene, it's likely that consumer tissue consumption will be higher during shelter in place periods. We are also closely monitoring pandemic and economic conditions in leading markets, including Latin America and evaluating how that could impact the health of our consumers and our categories. Now shifting to K-C Professional, demand was solid in the first quarter and boosted by stock up activity that occurred in March. Given the economic shock that's occurred and with much of the population staying at home, KCP is likely to face volume decline starting in the second quarter, that will persist until economic conditions returned to more normal levels. We are seeing early signs of that softness thus far in April. Impacted end-markets are likely to include, obviously, offices, travel and lodging, high-track accounts, including retail and manufacturing. Now I'd like to conclude with a few important messages. First, we are very confident in the strength, the resilience and the overall health of our company. We are navigating near-term uncertainty well and appreciate the commitment of our K-C strong team. We are managing prudently in the near-term and strongly believe in our ability to create long-term shareholder value. And that concludes our prepared remarks and we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time the floor is open for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Michael Hsu: Hey, Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: Thanks. Good morning. Hi. So two different things. One was first on K-C Professional. Just hoping, definitely a lot of people are looking to understand better sort of the mix of that business. Kind of how much exposure is roughly, let's call it, hospitality versus offices versus manufacturing, number one. Number two, kind of what your market shares are in K-C Professional versus in the consumer market? And then three, also thinking about the exposure there to more the cleaning product side of things, the wipers business, some of the safety businesses that you have in there. If you could talk a little bit about that, I think it'd be very helpful too. Thanks.
Michael Hsu: Yes. Thanks, Lauren. I'll point out, Paul, Maria and I were all in remote locations or separate locations. So this maybe a little clunky, and we may need to do logistics over the phone. But Lauren, regarding your question, overall we do expect some near-term volume decline in K-C Professional. However, I will say there's a long-term opportunity to serve a very important need as creating healthier workplaces and focus on hygiene becomes more important going forward. However, in the short-term, I would say the majority of our business is the washroom business. That's the largest part of our business. Overall, more than half of our business. And we expect that to be hit particularly hard by what I just mentioned, offices, which are  our early data shows that office use is down about 80%, where we can see that data through our Onvation products. Travel and lodging, significantly down. I think hotel occupancy is the latest data we saw, we're at 21% of capacity. And amazingly, ceded restaurant traffic was down a 100% globally in the latest week, so we could see. So there will be an impact there, but I will say we will see a commensurate or increases in our wipers business, our safety business, which does provide some PPE, and we're ready to make that pivot, and actually believe that we can do a better job helping employers create healthier workplaces.
Lauren Lieberman: And then right now in that wipers and safety business, I think on the QCP website, sort of talks about, we're doing our best to keep up with demand. So can you just tell us a little bit about, I think just the educational for people, what those PPE products are? If you are currently running full out on those businesses, what growth looks like there? Because again, Im just trying to fit together that order of magnitude of K-C Professional being down in the second quarter makes perfect sense, but how much, right? And we can all  if you give us the tools, we can try to come up with estimates on our own of what that looks like.
Michael Hsu: Yes. I may ask Paul to jump in, but I will say, maybe the bigger part of the business that we feel like we can expand right now is on the wiper side. And that's a great business for us and strong performing. And we're seeing that commensurate increase starting to come through now. On the safety side, it is a relatively small business for us. We don't produce any of the PPE masks or gloves directly. We have those co-packed. And so we are in a tight supply situation as everybody else in the world has. And so we expect that to grow over time. But in the near-term, we're in a tight supply situation. Paul, anything to add there?
Paul Alexander: Yes. Thanks, Mike. So Lauren and for everyone on the call just to level set on KCP's rough product exposure, about 65% is tissue-based products, about 20% is wipers. And then about 10% is  are these safety and scientific products that Mike mentioned. The safety and scientific products are primarily apparel and gloves with a little bit of eyewear as well. Masks are an insignificant part of the business.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, great. And then switching gears to being a bit more strategic and longer term. The mix  personal care mix, I think, was up three for D&E market, which was really sort of a notable number. And I was just hoping if you could talk a little bit about where that's coming from? Referring back to the goal to elevate the categories to bring innovation. So it just seems like there was sort of a step change in that happening in the D&E markets on personal care. So anything that you can offer there would be great.
Michael Hsu: Yes. Thank you, Lauren. And first of all, I'll say we remain committed to our K-C 2022 strategy. And that strategy is working very well. As Maria said, we felt like we got off to a very good start at the beginning of the quarter and then we saw the pronounced stock up effect that started occurring toward the end of March. So were very excited about our innovation and commercial programming. I think there's a lot of opportunity for us to continue to elevate our categories and also expand our markets or expand the categories in our markets as well. Maybe some of the big pockets, China, notably, I think the really the team there is doing an excellent job navigating both COVID-19 and delivering strong growth at the same time. We were out and the country was down or the  our business and our manufacturing was down for about three weeks. January, February, they were the first ones obviously to feel the effects, but we've been fully online since. Organic was up low-double digits in the quarter for China overall, with strong double-digit growth in femcare and mid single-digit growth in diapers. And the important thing about diapers is, and I'm very encouraged by the trend is I do believe the category is reverting back to competing on product performance. And we feel like we're well positioned. We saw strong share growth in the premium tiers and strong volume growth in the premium tiers. Still down a bit in value, but we're managing through that. Similarly, D&E in Central and Eastern Europe was up high teens. Brazil was up, I think, low-double digits as well. So we're seeing very good performance across our D&E markets. Notably, Lauren, I also would tell you, there was much less stock up behavior in the D&E market. So the China team would say there was none in our categories. I do think in Brazil, we saw a little bit in consumer tissue.
Lauren Lieberman: That's great. Thanks so much.
Paul Alexander: Thanks, Lauren.
Michael Hsu: Okay. Thanks, Lauren.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Hsu: Good morning, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey guys. Good morning. Hope you're all well.
Maria Henry: Hi, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: So Mike, can you just run us through a little more the decision to pull full-year guidance and suspend the share repurchases at least in Q2. I was just looking for a bit more clarity there. Is it more just that the external environment still unknown at this point that it doesn't make sense to have guidance? Or is there something specific internally as you look at the balance of the year that's causing concern versus the prior guidance? Obviously, we understand the consumer pantry deload, which you mentioned. So not all of that Q1 upside sort of flows through, but just trying to understand given you seem to have a pretty defensive portfolio on the EPS outlook side, what drove that decision? And then also with repurchases, you obviously seem to be in a pretty strong liquidity position. So just try to understand the motivation behind that.
Michael Hsu: Yes. Dara, it's a great question. It's definitely the former. I think, obviously, to date, our performance has been strong. We feel very good about that. We feel confident in our ability to manage in the current environment. However, I think there are a lot of unknowns and it's  as I said in my remarks, it really has to do with what the future path of the virus takes and what the commensurate impact is going to be. But maybe I'll let  I'll let Maria comment on maybe both the outlook and also what we're doing with share repurchase and all that. And then maybe I'll come back with some additional perspective at the end.
Maria Henry: Sure. On the guidance, our business is performing well and we're confident in our strategy and our plans that the volatility and uncertainty in this environment is meaningful. And nobody really knows at this point what will happen with the COVID-19 infection rate. I'm sure as you have, we been reading all kinds of epidemiological studies and looking at models and talking to outside folks to try to get some perspective on it. But the numbers range anywhere from 1% to 4% infection rates north of 50%. And it's just nobody really knows what this has in store for us and what the impacts will be. And as we think about that and model various scenarios for our business, an increased infection rate could potentially affect our supply chain, including worker availability, availability of supply, the depth and the length of the recession caused by the virus is unknown at this point. The length and significant impacts of social distancing. We don't know how long that will last post peak and that obviously affects the outlook for our professional business. And then currency and commodities have been very volatile. So with all of that, there's a wide range of scenarios that are potential here, and given that and the lack of certainty around any of those scenarios means we can't confidently provide you with an expected range for 2020 at this point. But we'll continue to monitor the environment when it stabilizes, we'll be in a better position to provide forward-looking guidance consistent with our past practices. Those same factors that led us to pull the guidance for the year weighed in on suspending buybacks. It's for all the same reasons. As you said, we are in a very strong liquidity position. I mentioned some of the stats in my prepared remarks. The suspension of the buybacks is really in line with the fact that overall we're prudently managing the business given the heightened level of uncertainty right now. We'll continue to monitor that quarter-by-quarter, we'll have more to say to you in July when hopefully we have more visibility both for the outlook for the year, what that could mean for our P&L and our cash flows. So I'd sum it up by saying, we are prudently managing overall the company in this period of uncertainty and that affects both our view on guidance and our view on the temporary suspension at least through the second quarter on our buyback program.
Michael Hsu: Yes. I'll follow-on, which is I think we are definitely encouraged by our start, even this tough environment notwithstanding. I think we're managing through this uncertainty effectively. As Maria mentioned, in our jobs, I don't think we ever felt like we would be arguing over epidemiological models and we are. And we're working through actually through 11 of them and they all have different assumptions. And now while that makes it difficult for us to call the business for this purpose, I will tell you from an operating perspective, we are using those models to predict outcomes to drive scenario planning and contingency plans for all of our operations around the world. And so we've got a great team, global team managing the COVID-19 crisis for us. And very thorough in terms of how we're thinking about it and very proactive about how we're applying learnings to how we take care of our employees and our consumers and keep operations rolling.
Dara Mohsenian: Great. That's helpful. And then if I can ask one other question. Just the promotional environment, you mentioned a pull back in promotion. It's obviously  there's a lot of traffic at stores and consumers aren't exactly price shopping as much right now. But as you look forward to the back half of the year when theoretically the social distancing restrictions and curious for your thoughts on the promotional environment. On the one hand, some of this consumer behavior probably lingers. On the other hand, assuming there's a consumer pantry deload, the volume situation is going to be tougher from a manufacturer standpoint. So just curious for your perspective on if this lower level of promotion is sticky or not? Or if there could be some ramp up as we look to the back half of the year? And then also in emerging markets with the FX pressure that you mentioned, would you anticipate pricing some of that away as you look out or is the consumer environment likely to limit the ability to take pricing in emerging markets? Thanks.
Michael Hsu: Yes. Dara, I think philosophically, I think we  again, I think I mentioned on the call last time, we prefer taking the high road, which is build markets and brands through innovation and advertising and grow the category overall. I'm not a huge fan of overpromoting categories. That said, we are seeing a reduction in promotions, mostly because demand is running ahead of supply. And so it doesn't make sense to be promoting when the shelves are not full at this point. So we are seeing some pair back. I would expect us to be in that kind of environment for the  into the second quarter. I think there will be a recessionary impact. Obviously, I think it will be pretty significant and maybe among the largest that we've seen in recent history. While consumers I think become more interested in value in those times, I'm not necessarily certain that that drives us to aggressively promoted environment. I wasn't here at the time, but I was managing a business that competed in the food categories. And the strategy was not promotion, it was more about explaining to consumers about the value of the products and the value of the brands. And at that business, we saw our best years during the recession. So I think we're well positioned for the recession. We're not a premium niche player, even though premiumization is our core strategy. We're not a niche player in premium. We cover most tiers and we're happy we do that and we want to serve consumers and meet consumers where their needs are and we're going to do that.
Dara Mohsenian: Great. That's helpful. And any color on emerging markets? Any more detail there on the strategies in emerging markets from a pricing perspective?
Michael Hsu: Yes. I think in some cases we will price and we have priced already to recover some or offset some of the FX issues. Although in some markets like, notably in Latin America, we are seeing more price controls put into place in the short-term given what's been going on with the pandemic. But in general, we will be taking price in some markets and we have already done that.
Dara Mohsenian: Okay. Thanks guys.
Michael Hsu: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets.
Nik Modi: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Michael Hsu: Good morning, Nik.
Nik Modi: Mike, Im just curious how the current situation has made you maybe possibly rethink feature engines of growth for Kimberly-Clark. And I'll ask this against the backdrop of Jeff Melucci taking over the responsibility to lead the business development team given his background in M&A. So any thoughts? I mean, obviously there are a lot of different categories that are showing their colors right now in terms of accelerated growth. Some of that would fit probably well with your portfolio over time. You have a good balance sheet. Asset prices are likely to get cheaper. So any context around that would be helpful.
Michael Hsu: Yes. Nik, we're committed to our K-C 2022 strategy. We love our categories. I think there's a lot of potential there, both in terms of how we elevate and premiumize our existing markets and also how we develop our markets and expand the categories in our markets over time. So for those reasons, we remain very excited about the strategy and I think it's working. I think maybe with the current situation with the pandemic, if it does create more opportunity or other opportunities for us to think about how we accelerate that, we're going to look at those. I can't tell you there's anything active on that radar right now, but Jeff is very experienced. As Maria always says, every quarter we're always actively looking at M&A. Certainly, I think our focus would be within our existing categories, and if it had a either a technology or a product, a brand that fit in very well or a geography or brought us into a geography or strengthen the position in the geography, that we would be very excited about it at the right value. And obviously, we're very disciplined. But we'll continue to look for those opportunities, and Jeff is very experienced. Maria, anything to add there?
Maria Henry: Yes. No. Well said.
Nik Modi: And then maybe Maria, this one is for you or Mike if you want  do you want to address it? I know you're not giving guidance, obviously it makes sense, but how should we think about pantry deloading? Because clearly, I mean, we saw what was going on in March. People loading up on a lot of your products. I know people are staying home more, but it's hard for me to imagine they're using it at the rate at which theyre buying it. So how should we think about that? I'm just kind of thinking about how we can think about the  consumers actually coming back and buying under normal purchasing cycle maybe two months from now or three months from now. So how do you guys think about that?
Michael Hsu: Yes. I'll start maybe and Maria. There will be a de-stock, right. So there was consumer pantry stocking. It definitely went into homes and not at retail. And I think there's maybe two effects, which is one, and I mentioned this in my remarks, we still will  with consumption running so far ahead of shipments, we will be looking to rebuild inventory or our customers will be looking to rebuild inventory in their systems. I also think in general, consumers will want to carry a bit more inventory on their own, so that's a second effect. So while there will be, I think, significant de-stocking, I think it will be lumpy. And the other reason why it will be lumpy is I don't think the stocking occurred evenly across our consumers. Meaning, it would be very easy to predict if every household bought 30% more. But I think what's happened is it's a fraction of households that have it. And so we will continue, I think, some households will be looking to build up their inventory or get their hands on more product, while others will be de-stocking. And for that reason, it's going to be a little more challenging in the call, and we're still working and sifting through the data there.
Nik Modi: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Olivia Tong with Bank of America.
Olivia Tong: Great. Thanks. Good morning. So a couple of questions around navigating these huge swings in demand. You mentioned you obviously didn't see much stock up yet in emerging markets, and there's just frankly covering not a lot of room to do that. So what are you planning for? Are you trying to run more capacity right now? Are they getting more in store? Like what changes have happened as the virus shifts there? And then secondly, just overarchingly what changes are you making along the supply chain to drive production right now, while also not overextending yourself? And then the reverse for professional, what are you doing to keep those facilities productive and how much repurposing can you do there? Thank you.
Michael Hsu: Yes. Olivia, I'll tell you our supply chain is executing very well and they've had a very disciplined approach to managing through the COVID-19. We've had a few sporadic outages that I mentioned, but really the focus right now is on increasing and driving our utilization on our throughput. And in general, I think, I mentioned in my remarks that in a lot of cases, we're achieving record output. What we've really done is significantly pared back the number of SKUs we are producing. We're just producing the large volume SKUs and that's given us more theoretical capacity and we're getting more output out than we ever have in a lot of locations. And so right now that is the focus and I will say, it's working and I think, you'll see us catch up to demand in the second quarter and made progress during the second quarter. Sorry, I missed probably the other part was around KCP.
Olivia Tong: Correct.
Michael Hsu: Yes. As we finished the first quarter with the demand that we saw in KCP, KCP was also running flat out as well. I think, at some point given kind of the relative shift, lower demand in professional as we mentioned and also increased demand on the consumer side, there will be an opportunity for us to shift some capacity to consumer and we're looking into that and working through that now.
Olivia Tong: Thanks. That's helpful. And then just on profit and margins as we go forward, two areas, just savings realization and advertising. Advertising business savings from FORCE actually accelerate pretty dramatically. And I assume a lot of that was related to obviously the sales surge and the leverage there. So as you think about the go-forward, how have your expectations of savings changed? Does it come in from here as sales normalized? Or are there incremental actions that you're taking because it sounds like they're pushing some of those projects out. So just your view on savings opportunity going forward. And then on advertising, you mentioned you raised advertising in Q1. I assume that's pre- COVID, and that comes off of a big increase in Q4 as well. So just if you could update us on your view on advertising against this backdrop?
Michael Hsu: Yes. Maybe I'll make the comment on the advertising and maybe ask Maria to talk a little bit more about the savings. But one, the headline, Olivia is we're going to continue to invest in our brands and our capability to grow the business. But we're going to just defer. What I would say is the, maybe the clearly demand generating marketing in the second quarter or parts of the second quarter until we have a better handle on and catch up a little bit to fulfilling the existing demand that's out there. So we feel really good about the quality of the innovation, the quality of our marketing, we're excited about the plans that we have this year. But as I mentioned, it doesn't make sense to over promote a category where there's not the full stock available on the shelf. And so for that reason, we're going to focus on ROI because it doesn't drive a big return. We will pair it back, but it's tough to watch right now. It's a temporary shift, and we want to continue to invest in the brands. Maria?
Maria Henry: Great. And on the cost savings side on FORCE, I'll start there. We had a good quarter with FORCE. It was in line with our expectations and we drove savings across all levers of that program. One of the noticeable things in the first quarter delivery is on our negotiated material price savings. Those are back in line with what they were historically is. Remember in 2019, those were lower than normal for reasons we've talked about extensively throughout last year. So good savings quarter on FORCE at $100 million that also compares to a light first quarter of FORCE savings in the first quarter of last year. As you recall, as we were working through some cost issues in our supply chain in North America. When I look forward, we should have a good full-year outcome with our FORCE savings. Although where we actually end up on that lever is less of a priority right now than it would be in normal times given all of the complexities that our supply chain is working through. Clearly the focus of the teams in our supply chain is producing product and getting that out to market to fulfill consumer demand and customer orders. And so how all of that plays out for FORCE for the year? We will have to see. In terms of the restructuring program, we did continue to make good progress on the restructuring program overall. We do expect delays on the implementation of some of the activity there, which is related directly to the impacts of the COVID-19 situation. If you think about that, there are travel restrictions as we all know, so we really can't get the people that we need to get to the places that we need to get them. As you can imagine, we've got very experienced engineering teams both in-house and with third parties that we work with. And right now those people cannot travel, and therefore, we're experiencing project delays. And the other factor there is, as I mentioned a minute ago, our supply chain teams are absolutely flat out, trying to meet the surge in demand for our products. And so all of thats leading to delays on the restructuring. We are working hard to have those delays go away, but when they'll go away and when we can get back into full swing on those projects in our supply chain is currently unknown. So how the restructuring savings will play out for 2020, I can't tell you at this point, but that's where we are.
Olivia Tong: Thank you.
Michael Hsu: Thanks, Olivia.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. And hope all is well. So follow-up on the consumption against the shipments. Internationally, you mentioned some of the stock up in Western Europe and Brazil tissue, but not much elsewhere. So are you likely just catching up with consumption and stock up from most places? And have you seen growth in diapers, for example, in South Korea in April, because I'm assuming there's not much of a stockpiling there because they were early to get the impact. And because they're very developed in ecommerce, perhaps, you know, that was fulfilled as they were going through the social distancing. And on ecommerce, how much did you grow this quarter globally, and how much it represents for you at this point? And just a couple of clarifications, Maria, do you expect gross margin to continue to expand as we find the first quarter, in particular, ex-commodities are coming in even better than anticipated and the mix will likely shift from tissue to diaper. So I'm assuming that's going to be a bit of a benefits for your margin. And some of the other  sorry, the three parts of the question that as you pivot some of the KCP production of paper into consumer tissue, which is obviously a great competitive advantage at this point. How much is your production capacity in tissue likely increasing with this initiative and also the simplification of SKUs? Thank you.
Michael Hsu: Yes. Maybe I'll start  Ill take through. I think the consumption effect, yes  largely the stock up effect Andrea was largely a D&E  sorry, a developed market phenomenon. So North America, Western Europe, Australia, New Zealand and Korea to some extent. In Korea that you're probed on. Yes, I would say less so in personal care, although I think there was some small effect. We definitely saw  we are excited to see improved diaper performance from our business and share growth in our diaper business. So even though I think the category trends remain down in Korea on infant and childcare, our diaper business put up very solid growth. And then we did see  earlier, it occurred more in February some stock up behavior in consumer tissue in Korea as well. But in general, yes, significant stock up impact across Western Europe, including the UK and North America, a little bit in Brazil and in Korea, New Zealand  Australia, New Zealand. With regard to ecommerce, I'll ask Paul if he has an all-up number. I don't have the all-up number. I will tell you, ecommerce, shipments and demand dramatically accelerated in the quarter. And if you've been reading the news, the consumer behavior has shifted to some degree pretty aggressively because of people not wanting to go out to stores. And so we're feeling that in our business. And I don't know, Paul, if you have  I don't have the overall number.
Paul Alexander: Yes. So a couple things for you, Andrea. Globally, ecommerce would be a low double-digit percentage of our sales. It was up very strong double-digits in the three biggest markets. So that would be, China, South Korea and the U.S. All of those markets accelerated compared to where they were last year. We actually don't have a global total just yet given that we're still early in the year, but I can confidently say in total it accelerated meaningfully.
Maria Henry: And I'll go ahead and comment on gross margin. Our gross margins were at 370 basis points year-on-year, and they were up 120 basis points sequentially in the first quarter. And the drivers around gross margin included the volume upside, the continued price realization that we talked about, our cost savings and the commodity deflation that we had in the quarter. That was offset to some extent by currencies. And if I look forward, commodities are trending better than we expected coming into the year and we provided the updated outlook on eucalyptus in the prepared comments. But currencies are trending worse also as we discussed. And on the price point, our net realized revenue or pricing lever is a key lever for us to help offset the negative impacts of currency in a typical environment. However, our ability to get priced in the near-term is more uncertain than the normal. And that uncertainty is around the economic health of the consumer. If you think about Latin America in particular, that's a clear risk. In this environment, there are potential societal and political uneasiness around taking price and increasing our price on some of our products during these times. And finally, a lot of currency challenges came from developed markets internationally, and in general, it's more difficult for us to raise prices in those countries. So how the effects of those three major factors that affect our gross margin will play out for the year, we'll have to see.
Andrea Teixeira: That is super helpful. Just on the follow-up on the capacity from KCP. Is that something that will increase your tissue capacity by 20%? Or should we expect that to be material for besides your SKU rationalization, your throughput increase? How should we thinking of issue going forward?
Michael Hsu: Yes. Maybe I'll ask Paul to jump in. I think we're still working through that. I mean, we definitely have the opportunity to shift some capacity. I don't know that I can pencil a number next to it. But Paul, I don't know if you thought about.
Paul Alexander: Yes. I mean, I would just add. It's not as simple as making decision and then go do it. There's a lot that will be involved if we do this, including different tissue technologies between the two business segments. So I think that for right now the message is, we're taking a look at it, and we'll  if there's an opportunity, we're certainly going to go after it. It had no impact on the first quarter though.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Michael Hsu: Okay. Thank you, Andrea.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Excellent. Thank you for spotting me in, and good morning, everyone. A couple of quick questions. First, Michael, you mentioned some of the headwinds that you expect to KCP to face going forward. I guess my question is why was it doing so well in the first quarter? You mentioned it was running flat out. What was driving the strength and do we have inventory issues to be cognizant about the business right now?
Michael Hsu: Yes. On that one, we did see a stock up effect on anything about tissue. And we're not exactly sure at this point, I think a lot of it went through to end user, and a lot of it went to distributors as well. But there was some pull through toward as we got toward the late in the quarter, particularly on washroom products. So strong demand, again, we obviously expect that to diminish as we move into the second quarter.
Jason English: Okay. And then I totally get the idea of some of this demand spike being stock up and likely to reverse, particularly on personal care where it's easy to understand the usage occasions don't really grow. I'm not as convinced on the consumer tissue side yet though. Can you give me a sense of how many usage occasions typically happen in-home versus out-of-home if you know that statistic?
Michael Hsu: Well, I don't have that off the top of my head, but I definitely  where your line of thinking, I agree with which is, look, consumers are going to be home more, and so there's many more occasions for them to interact with our brands then they traditionally would have. The other thing is, it's kind of  the KCP to consumers shift is an apples and oranges shift in the sense of KCP, the big horse products tend to be towels. And on the consumer side, the big horse tends to be bath tissue. And so there is a shift effect. Obviously, I think we have a good position in bath tissue on the consumer side that we like, and we're going to be ready to meet the consumers where they need us here.
Jason English: No. Totally, I get it's apples and oranges for you, but not for the industry. And it's hard to imagine that we aren't seeing actual at home consumer tissue consumption up at least 14%. I mean, arguably you could make arguments that should be up 50%, and that would be real demand, not just stock piling. And a different, but somewhat related question. You mentioned you're trying to divert some capacity of KCP towards consumer. I imagine some of your other competitors who are much more deeply tethered to the washroom side and the industrial side are working even harder and faster to do just that. Are you seeing any evidence of that shift and what risk is there that we get a bit of a glove coming? So a lot of in ground supply coming to the consumer side, I don't know, two, three, six months out, however long it takes to refit some of that stuff.
Michael Hsu: Again, I haven't seen any evidence of that thus far. I think certainly in the short-term given the supply situation in the market, maybe there has been a little more flexibility and some people looking to sell different products in the marketplace for consumer use. But in general, I think what Paul was talking about, which is our shifting capacity is to make Scott 1,000 or Scott products or Cottonelle products the right way when we make that shift and we're going to  and it'll have every bit the same quality that our consumers would expect. And so that's kind of the thought we're doing. I haven't seen any evidence of that shift as far from other suppliers, but certainly something we're going to keep watching.
Jason English: Okay. Very good. Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Michael Hsu: Thank you, Jason.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Powers with the Deutsche Bank.
Stephen Powers: Hope you're doing well. Thanks. Hey Mike, on the K-C strategy 2020, I guess my question here is around just how you're prioritizing investments that encompass that strategy. Are there capabilities that you think you can still make progress on in this environment or maybe take on more urgency versus others that need to be deferred or just seem a little bit less critical today versus even a few months ago. Can you just give some color there?
Michael Hsu: Yes. I think the capabilities are all critical for moving forward and they're foundational for consumer products good company. I mean, I'll just kind of walk you through and we're kind of using them all right now, right. Innovation, a big one. Marketing with a special emphasis on digital, the sales execution or in-market execution and revenue management. And so if you click through all those, I think they all have important effects for us this year. Innovation, we're seeing strong traction in China, Central and Eastern Europe, North America on our product launches. And so we want to continue those. Obviously, digital is kind of how we are competing, and it's really the lion's share of our media investment. And so we got to get better at that and continuously. I think if you think about this environment though a lot it does come down to in market execution and we're still seeing very strong execution locally, and that matters more when we're in a tight supply situation, the coordination there. And then lastly, the revenue management, I think that will be  I think thats an important capability and especially given what we might anticipate some recessionary impacts and what that might do to create pressure in the promotion or pricing environment and we are very glad we had that capability to help us manage through that in an effective way.
Maria Henry: Yes. I just add on there that, we came out of the gate strong as you would have expected in the first quarter and as we discussed our K-C 2022 strategies with you back in January. We executed that right out of the gate and you saw that come through in the numbers on between the lines spending with the advertising being up meaningfully in the quarter and also investment around the capability areas that Mike just described. We've already talked about how we see the advertising spend and trade spend in this environment. And then on the capability building activities, as you can imagine, again, with things like travel restrictions in place, some of the spend on those programs will take a pause here in the near-term, especially in the second quarter, just as people can't get to where they need to be in terms of some of the work that were planning to do there. So strong out of the gate in the first quarter completely in line with what we talked about in our growth strategy around K-C 2022, a bit of a pause given the restrictions here in the near-term. But as soon as we can turn those activities back on full speed, we remain fully committed to them and we certainly will do that.
Stephen Powers: Okay. That's great. And I guess second question, if I could, and you've talked a little bit about it, I just want to really hone in on it and be clear about how you're thinking about the expected trajectory of net price and mix realization through this cycle versus what we've all experienced in the past. Because it sounds like  because of input cost deflation and recessionary pressures, it sounds like you're saying we might see more trade down or net price givebacks promotion in developed markets. Just once you get through the surge demand, and while pricing will undoubtedly be sought after in D&E markets to offset FX, it sounds like you're preparing us to that we might see less than we might've expected based on past precedent. I don't want to put words in your mouth. I just want to run that back by you, and is that what I should have heard because I just want to take the
Michael Hsu: Yes. I think I probably am in a different place there. One, I would tell you that the pricing environment right now still remains broadly constructive. And in the current environment, we have dialed back significantly our promotion activity just given the demand environment. I think, in general, my preference is to drive category growth through innovation and advertising and to grow the overall categories. But we will stay close to what's happening in the marketplace and we're going to continue to be competitive. But it's not where I want to go. But I do think we have the capability to be very effective in a recessionary context. And I think we're well positioned in both cases with the right brands that offer value to the consumers. And when I say that, Steve, it's not necessarily price or promotion driven. And a lot of it I think will be communication or marketing relating to the value that our brands provide to consumers.
Stephen Powers: Okay. So in this moment, you're not leaning one way or the other, you're just leaving all options on the table being ready for it and we'll see what happens. That's the message.
Michael Hsu: Yes. And if I were to lead, again, I prefer in the high road, and I'd rather grow through innovation and brands.
Stephen Powers: Okay. That's clear. Thanks so much.
Michael Hsu: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Wendy Nicholson with Citigroup.
Wendy Nicholson: Hi. My first question has to do with the competitive environment and thinking strategically for the company. I would imagine that not only some of the competitors who supply private label to retailers, but also on the professional side are less well capitalized than you and Procter or GP, for example. So I'm wondering as you think about that, again, this goes back I think to sort of a strategic question. This could be a good opportunity to either expand your professional business, sign new contracts on the private label side. How do you think about that as opportunities maybe for outsized growth to sort of take advantage of some of your weaker competitors, if you will?
Michael Hsu: Yes. Well, I think  Wendy, I think maybe the general theme is certainly there's been some significant change in the overall environment and also the competitive environment. And so what we really want to do is pivot to where the opportunity is for us to fill better needs are. And certainly when you talk about K-C Professional, I think I mentioned the opportunity for us to provide healthier workplaces I think is a very big opportunity and for us to compete more effectively. I think we are starting to have very good conversations there. I think we're starting to see success, much more faster success in our towel business despite a lot of locations being closed for now, but in our towel business, and because they're healthier or safer than jet air dryers. And so we are making those types of moves, and we'll work through the other areas. We also feel like obviously we're stronger. We have a stronger balance sheet, better capitalized. And so there are some customers who recognize the value of doing that. And so we want to leverage that opportunity as well.
Wendy Nicholson: And do you think that, I mean as you think about what you've seen in the past from an economic perspective, if we are heading into a longer depressed economic environment, is private label something, I think, correct me if I'm wrong, but it's kind of 5% of your volumes at this point. Is that something that you would actually be interested in increasing? Or you kind of want to keep it more focused on the branded side?
Michael Hsu: Yes. I think we're certainly more focused on the branded side and thus far it's been a relatively small piece of our business. And certainly, Wendy, right now, with  given all what we got with our capacity limitations in the near-term, we're really focused on filling all the brand demand that we got right now.
Wendy Nicholson: Got it. And then last question just on feminine hygiene in the U.S. Your market shares are so much better across so many different categories, but feminine hygiene is one area at least in Nielsen data, so I recognize that might not tell the whole story. But that's the one area both on the pad and the tampon side, where you continue to lose a little bit of share. Do you think that is pricing? Is it branding? Is it innovation? What's the  and again, it may not be  if we had all outlet data or whatever, that might not be an accurate reflection, but what's going on in that business?
Michael Hsu: Yes. Wendy, in femcare in North America was up about high-single digits on volume, but were down about a point on share. So I think you're right on what you're pushing on. We have a great global brand positioning with our She Can global brand idea, and I think that's been working for us globally. I think we do have our team that is working to improve that execution in North America and also bring the right innovations to the market. And so we love the brand positioning, but we got to do a better job of executing that North America and the teams all over it.
Wendy Nicholson: Got it. Thanks so much.
Michael Hsu: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. And I hope you and your families are staying safe and healthy. Two unrelated questions. First one, Mike on the diaper business and the impact on birth rates from the recession in the U.S. So when we look back, we saw birth rates had begun to improve heading into the global financial crisis, and then we saw birth rates dip into the recession and they continued their decline. So I was curious if part of your planning process here, what your updated thoughts would be on the potential implications on birth rates from the recession and how that may inform your view for the category looking out not just over the next 12 months, but maybe over the next three to five years. And then unrelated on ecommerce, I would say, there's little debate that the adoption shift there has only accelerated given the nature of this recession. So I think it'd be helpful to get updated views on the company's market share positions in your biggest categories versus traditional retail, your margins in ecommerce versus traditional retail, and then maybe some comments on your positioning relative to private label? And that'll do it for me. Thank you for all that.
Michael Hsu: Yes. With regard to diapers, I think we did see some improvement in the birth rate in North America over the past year or so. Now just recognize Kevin, we lag a year. So I think it had been down for the previous few years, down about, I don't know, 2-ish percent. And I think maybe the most recent year, our expectation was it  for it to be down about a point. And the category, I think through the back half of last year and through the first couple months of this year, really was rebounding quite well, and I would say up almost mid-single digits or technically mid-single digits. So I think it was a nice rebound in the category. Obviously, the stock up effect really kind of affected that and got it up to double-digits in the latest quarter for the full quarter. But we are very excited about our diaper business globally.  And in particular in North America, we've got great products, we've got a significant product improvement coming and Huggies Snug & Dry. And we've got great products across premium and strong momentum in our premium business. And so, again, I think, I think Jason's point, and I wouldn't expect the pandemic to grow category consumption and diapers. So there's pronounced stock up effect. But I do think, we are seeing an improvement or expect to see some improvements in the birth rate. On ecommerce, right now, given the supply situation, I think, again, as Paul mentioned, very, very strong double-digit growth that we had in the quarter. The focus right now is getting the supply out there and we are allocating products to customers and making sure that we get the right products out to our customers. And so really, maybe the focus in the near-term is about getting supply ramped up and out there and increasing our capacity. So  and then I forgot the third question.
Kevin Grundy: It was all ecommerce related, Mike. It was not so much what's going on now because I realize there's a pantry load going on. So the sort of sell-through looks phenomenal. Selling it, of course, is very good as well. It's really, it's your market share positioning online relative to the traditional retail and your margins for online relative to traditional retail and even private label relative to traditional retail.
Michael Hsu: Yes. Well, I'll break that down to our three principal markets. So obviously, our biggest ecommerce markets are in the U.S., China and Korea. In China, well over 50% of our businesses in ecommerce, and we have a very strong ecommerce position there. Similarly in Korea, almost 90% of the diaper business is on ecommerce. And obviously were far and away the market share leader in Korea. And then in the U.S., I would say, across our categories overall, we're about fair share, although, however, we're probably a little ahead on consumer tissue and a little bit lighter on diapers, but we've been making progress there. In fact, I think we had a multiple share point increase last year on our online diaper shares. So we're making progress. With regard to margins, generally the way we price out particularly in North America, we price our customers, they're all on a similar program. So margins at the highest level tend to be about the same. There are going to be some differences because we do reflect advertising investment back to the customer because they are a customer. And so there will be some differences and it may appear that the margins maybe slightly lower, but that really reflects what we're doing, let's say, with Amazon media or Walmart media or those kinds of things.
Kevin Grundy: Thank you very much. Yes, that's fine. Mike, thank you very much.
Michael Hsu: Thanks Kevin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Strycula with UBS.
Steven Strycula: Hi, good morning. So want to go back to the BRIC countries and really focus in on the volume piece rather than the price mix piece. Particularly, I wanted to understand from a COVID situation more of just from a recessionary situation. So if we could piece those two pieces apart, would love to understand first. What are you seeing in the BRIC countries in terms of consumers ability to access your products because of some of those markets, maybe the retail stores aren't open, and how do you think about near-term demand being able to secure that? And then on the recessionary piece, do you think that volumetrically, some of these countries like in Latin America, China, and even India, that the business cannot just grow through a recessionary period based on what we know from 2008, 2009? And then I have a follow-up.
Michael Hsu: Yes. With regard to BRIC, maybe I'll have to talk through the different pieces just because we don't want them together. But I think the  with regard to China, I would say the business for us has been largely back online both figuratively and literally. And since we tend to have a big portion of our business sold online, I think sales have, I would say, resumed, if not normal levels, closer to normal levels. And we feel very good about that. And I think our team feels very bullish about how that market is performing and where the consumer is headed there. Brazil is still early to tell because I think the impact of  we've been experiencing the recessionary impact in Brazil for a while now. And then the pandemic is a more recent phenomenon there. There's a little bit of a lag of it affecting it there, but it's starting to have an impact. And that's why we did see some of the stock up behavior. I do think we are seeing continued strong demand in tissue. It's a little tough to see what was the stock up effect versus what was the normal pull through effect, but it was definitely elevated. And then on the personal care side, we did see demand soften a little bit. And again, weve been seeing that occur in the category over the last several quarters just based on the economic impacts. Let's see. BRIC  India, right now, we're strong double-digit growth and continue to have strong double-digit growth. But the more recent emphasis with COVID-19 now is making sure that we can maintain operational supply, and that's been a big focus. We were down for a period of time, while we were getting the right permits to operate as an essential business and we're back online now fully, but as you know or may read that, I think the COVID, were very concerned about the repercussions in the marketplace and the effect it's going to have on consumers. And so we're staying close to that. That said, we experienced strong double-digit growth in the quarter there. And then Russia or Central and Eastern Europe for us overall continues to perform very strongly. It was up high teens overall. Strong share growth in diapers and femcare in Russia last quarter, multiple share points in both. It turns out, I was in Ukraine and Uzbekistan and Russia right before we went on work from home. The markets are performing great. Ukraine, we've achieved share leadership. I think we're about a 40 share at this point, nearly a 60 share in Kazakhstan, and we feel very good about the marks. I don't know that I have a clear view on maybe the pandemic effect yet because I think that's still working its way through, but we're watching that very closely.
Steven Strycula: Thanks Mike. That was really helpful. And I have one quick follow-up and I'll pass it along. On the innovation slate for this year, how does the pandemic really impact that to certain products that may have been slotted or earmarked for March and April? Did those make it onto retail shelves? Or did maybe pieces of innovation slate get put into the back-to-school reset? Just help us understand what are you really excited about in the pipeline? Thank you.
Michael Hsu: Yes. I mean, as I mentioned, we've got a lot of innovation coming on diapers this year with both in North America and Snug & Dry. Our premium products are fantastic. China, we're launching  we feel like we already have the best diaper in the marketplace and we're launching a significant upgrade to that this month that the team is very excited about. We've got a significant innovation coming in Latin America  well, especially Brazil on diapers. So that's diapers, I'll come back to it. Femcare, we have pad improvements and great marketing plans around the world and also in our adult care business. So we have a lot of good innovation that I mentioned earlier. I think in terms of the phasing in general, especially in personal care, it is going as per plan with a couple exceptions, which is, in Latin America because what Maria mentioned, we've delayed, we don't have the ability to get engineers internationally into locations to install new equipment. And so some of the innovation that we had slated for launching that were going to launch in Brazil. We were also launching in other markets. We're delaying that just for executional reasons until we have access to the mills, and we don't  because we're prioritizing safety of our employees, we don't want people who are not traditionally going into the mill, going into the mill and creating a different  a germ environment, right. So it's not just for travel restrictions, but it's for safety restrictions also. And so we're consciously making some of those trade-offs. And so yes, net-net, we will delay some innovations, but it's more for executional reasons.
Steven Strycula: Understood. Thank you.
Michael Hsu: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: I'm all set. It was covered. Thank you so much.
Michael Hsu: Thanks, Lauren.
Paul Alexander: Thanks, Lauren.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we have no other questions in the queue.
Paul Alexander: All right. Well, we appreciate everyone's time and questions today, and we'll wrap up with a comment from Mike.
Michael Hsu: Thank you all for joining our call. We're really encouraged by our solid start to the year and our ability to manage through these challenging conditions. And while they're challenging, we're obviously realistic about our near-term challenge, but we remain very optimistic in our long-term potential. So thank you for joining us today.
Paul Alexander: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's presentation. You may disconnect your phone lines and thank you for joining us this morning.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-23 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience and holding. We now have our presenters in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of this morning's presentation, we will open the floor for questions. At that time, instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow if you would like to ask an audio question. It is now my pleasure to introduce today's first presenter, Mr. Paul Alexander.
Paul Alexander: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's year-end earnings conference call. With us today are Mike Hsu, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Maria Henry, our CFO. Here is the agenda for our call. Maria will begin with a review of full year 2019 results. Mike will then provide his perspectives on our results and the outlook for 2020. We will finish as usual with Q&A. We have a presentation of today's materials in the Investors section of our website. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. Finally, we will be referring to adjusted results and outlook, both excludes certain items described in this morning's news release. That release has further information about these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. Now, I will turn the call over to Maria.
Maria Henry: Thanks, Paul and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Let me start with the headlines on our full-year results. Organic sales increased 4% driven by higher net selling prices. We achieved strong margin improvements and bottom line growth while increasing our brand investments and we improved capital efficiency and returned significant cash to shareholders. Now let's cover the details of our results starting with sales. Full year net sales were $18.5 billion, that's even year-on-year and included a three point drag from currency rates. Organic sales were up 4%. Looking at the top line by geography, in North America organic sales in consumer products increased 3%. Within that Personal Care grew 4% with positive volumes, pricing and mix. Consumer Tissue grew 2% with selling prices up 7% and volumes down 5%. In KC Professional in North America, organic sales increased 3%, driven by higher prices in all major product categories. In developing and emerging markets, organic sales rose 6% that included about 2.5 points from Argentina. In terms of key Personal Care markets, organic sales increased 20% in Eastern Europe and high single-digits in Brazil, China, and ASEAN. Outside of Brazil and Argentina, we experienced increased volatility and soft results in Latin America, particularly in the second half of the year in Peru, Bolivia and Chile. In developed markets outside of North America, organic sales rose 1%. Moving on to profitability, full year adjusted gross margin was 35% up 180 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted gross profit increased 5%. We generated $425 million of cost savings from our FORCE and restructuring programs that was right in line with our initial target and slightly better than we expected in October. For 2020 we're targeting to deliver between $425 to $500 million in total cost savings and that includes $325 million to $375 million from FORCE. Commodities were a drag of $145 million in 2019, although they turned favorable in the back half of the year. Foreign currencies were also a headwind reducing operating profit at a high-single digit rate. For 2020 we expect commodities will be somewhat favorable mostly offset by currency headwinds, particularly in Latin America. Other manufacturing costs were also higher in 2019. Moving further down the P&L, between-the-line spending was up 90 basis points as a percent of sales. That included higher advertising spending, which was up 60 basis points. SG&A spending also increased and included higher incentive compensation along with capability building investments. Adjusted operating margin was 17.8%, up 80 basis points and adjusted operating profit grew 5%. Operating margins were up nicely in all three business segments, led by Consumer Tissue and secondarily KC Professional. The adjusted effective tax rate was in line with plan and a drag year-on-year, partially offset by higher equity income and a lower share count. In total, full year adjusted earnings per share were $6.89 up 4%. Our October guidance was for earnings of $6.75 to $6.90 and our original outlook last January was for earnings of $6.50 to $6.70. Now let's turn to cash flow and capital efficiency. Cash provided by operations was $2.7 billion down year-on-year as expected and driven by higher working capital. We expect a solid increase in cash flow this year, driven by higher earnings. Capital spending was $1.2 billion in 2019 in line with plan and up year-on-year due to supply chain restructuring projects. Spending will remain elevated in 2020 because of our restructuring. We improved adjusted return on invested capital by 70 basis points to 27.2% which is an all-time high. On capital allocation, dividends and share repurchases totaled $2.2 billion, that's the ninth consecutive year we've returned at least $2 billion to shareholders. We expect to return a similar level of cash to shareholders in 2020 and our Board has already approved our 48th consecutive annual dividend increase. Let me finish with a short update on our restructuring program. Overall, we've made significant progress as we close out the second year of this program. The implementation of our redesigned overhead organization has gone very well and we've already realized most of the total program SG&A savings. In terms of supply chain, activities continue to ramp up. We've announced 7 of the approximately 10 facilities that we expect to close or sell and we've taken action on 6 of those. In 2020 we will start up approximately 20 new assets globally, which is roughly twice the level of activity that we would have in a typical year. Looking at the key metrics, we're about 70% to 75% of the way through pre-tax charges and workforce reductions. Cash payments are about 65% complete and on saving we accelerated savings in both 2018 and 2019 and so far we've generated $300 million of savings compared to our total program target of $500 million to $550 million by the end of 2021. So overall, it was a very good year and I'm pleased that we delivered top and bottom line growth ahead of our plan, while we invested more in the business for the long term. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Hsu: Thank you, Maria. Good morning, everyone. Let me start by saying, I am encouraged by our results and the progress we made in the first year of executing K-C strategy 2022. On the top line organic sales were up 4% in '19 ahead of our original plan for 2% growth. Our team has maintained strong focus on price realization and executed their plans well throughout the year. As a result, pricing was up 4% and that's the highest realization we've achieved in a decade and it was necessary because of the multi-year inflation that we faced. Our strategy is to elevate our categories and drive trade up also helped us improve product mix by one point. While volumes were down 1% that was better than our original expectation because of strong end market execution, higher brand investment and less impact from price increases. Beyond sales, we delivered broad based margin improvements and above plan earnings. We continue to leverage our financial and capital discipline as we achieve significant cost savings, improved ROIC and return significant cash to shareholders. We also invested more in our brands and businesses in 2019. As Maria noted, we increased advertising spending by 60 basis points. Digital advertising is now about two-thirds of our working media mix and it's helping us target consumers more effectively and deploy our campaigns more quickly. We're leveraging our digital expertise and more businesses around the world and our marketing ROI is improving. Importantly, our digital strategy is helping us grow volumes and businesses like in Fem Care internationally, Diapers in Eastern Europe and Adult Care in North America. Now beyond advertising, we've also started to invest behind and focus more on improving our other commercial capabilities, including revenue management. We're taking a disciplined program management approach to this effort. This includes making sure we have the right tools, processes and resources so we can better leverage these growth capabilities. While it's still early days, we're making good progress and I expect more going forward. All in all, our teams have made excellent progress in 2019. And I'm proud of their accomplishments. Now I'll turn to our outlook for 2020. Our plan is consistent with our balanced approach to value creation includes higher growth investments and aligns with our K-C strategy 2022 financial objectives. On the topline, we're targeting organic sales growth of 2% and that's consistent with our medium-term objective and similar to our expectation for category growth. We expect selling prices, product mix and volumes to all improve in 2020. Pricing should be weighted for the front half of the year, while volume growth will likely be more weighted to the back half. We expect the promotion environment to be competitive but remain broadly constructive. We will continue to increase our growth investment in 2020 and that includes investment in digital marketing, in our commercial capabilities and in our products as part of our innovation agenda. In the first half, we will launch innovations in North America on Huggies, diapers and adult care along Cottonelle bathroom tissue. In D&E, we have several upgrades coming in personal care in key markets such as China, Eastern Europe and Latin America. We're confident in our growth investments and innovations will help us grow volume and improve product mix this year and improve share performance over time. Our investments will start right away in the first quarter while the benefit should build as the year progresses. We're targeting to grow adjusted operating profit 3% to 5% and on average, that implies 50 basis points of our operating margin expansion. Gross margin should increase more than that. On the bottom line, we're targeting adjusted earnings per share of 710 to 735. At the midpoint, that represents growth of 5% in line with our K-C strategy 2022 objective. Finally, as Mario said we expect to improve cash flow and return significant amounts of cash to shareholders. So in summary, I am encouraged by our progress in 2019 and our outlook for 2020. We're investing more in the business to drive long-term success and we're confident in our ability to deliver balanced and sustainable growth and create shareholder value. Now that concludes our prepared remarks and now we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: I guess, first thing is I'm struck by the 60 basis point increase in advertising spending and my model which goes back to dare I say 1997, that's the largest one-year increase in advertising in the company's history that goes back that far. So that coupled with the fact that you had $100 million of incremental SG&A in the fourth quarter and then looking ahead into next year, the implied reinvestment spend. So can you just talk about like are there areas where you feel like as a company you've been under-invested that it requires this much step up in spend, some of it's being supported by the fact that it's a benign input cost environment, but the plans that you'd laid out a year ago didn't contemplate the deflation that we're seeing. So I'm just kind of curious like the aggregate amount that's going back in, where you would say it's most focused and what it takes to start to see a return on that because the revenue guidance for 2020 while healthy doesn't seem to tie with the amount of money that's going back into the business?
Mike Hsu: Yes, I think there is a part of it - maybe there is a small part of it, which say, hey, we had a tough couple of years, and so we had trimmed back a little bit of A&CP. So part of that is restoring a bit of that. But the other part, I would tell you is, we feel really good about our stance on investment, and I think it really reflects, in our view, the quality that we have in our commercial programming for this year. And also I think the fact that the category conditions we think are very conducive to growth and I think that's a big change versus when we talked this time last year where we were uncertain about the marketplace and we still were launching new innovations and new commercial program. So we feel really good about that. I think consumer demand has been pretty darn resilient and the competitive environment has been - we would say broadly constructive and so that makes the conditions pretty - very good for growth. And then the commercial programming, we've got great innovation that launched in 2019 in North American Adult Care, in China in Diapers. We've got great innovation coming this year across Personal Care in multiple markets that we're very excited to support. And so we feel good about that, so a big chunk of it is increased investment in the product and ongoing and we have some good news coming. And then Importantly, I mentioned digital, which is about two-thirds of our overall advertising spend is being very productive for us and we feel really good about our campaigns and the content we have out there and our team's ability to manage it effectively at a higher ROI level. So that's the second area, and then commercial capability. And for us, I'll translate commercial capability it includes kind of the innovation process, it includes revenue growth management, it includes sales execution and then the digital aspect. And so all those areas we're investing and building our capability there.
Maria Henry: Yes, and Lauren, I chime in that we were up 200 basis points in the fourth quarter. We were also up in the third quarter. And if you recall, fourth quarter and the back half of 2018, we had particularly low spending between-the-lines, so I think the full year comparison is the best way to look at this. And for the full year, we're up 90 basis points, 60 basis points of that. With advertising, Mike mentioned the investment in commercial capabilities which ramped up toward the end of the year. And then the other thing I call out is incentive compensation which we've talked about before. This year, we over delivered on our plan and therefore had higher variable compensation. In last year, the opposite was true, we under delivered on our plan and therefore the variable compensation was lower. So you look at the year-on-year increase and that's an effect. And the last thing I'd point out there is the way that our plan was constructed back in January, we had planned for a ramp on between the lines spending in the second half and even more or so in the fourth quarter, just the way that timing of our programs in areas like IT, we're scheduled to execute.
Operator: Our next question comes from Olivia Tong with Bank of America.
Olivia Tong: Wanted to talk about the pricing contribution for fiscal '20, interesting to see that you're expecting to be positive. So is that price that's already in place that had yet to lap or more pricing that hasn't been introduced yet that you're putting in place or more a function of decisions you're making on promotional levels like you did on in China as you focus on revenue management?
Mike Hsu: Yes.
Olivia Tong: Has there been any - sorry and just any change in your promotional expectations for fiscal ' 20? Thanks.
Mike Hsu: No. Yeah. Thanks, Olivia. Yeah, I think broadly I'd say with the pricing environment 2019 was broadly constructive and we - our expectation is for it to remain still in 2020. We do have some pricing in our plan. I would say, a big chunk of that - the majority of that is carryover from actions we took in 2019, right and so you'll see most of that come through in the first half. And then we do have probably some pricing plan to address specific issues in specific markets where we've got some volatility in currencies or the economy. So that's that aspect. I think in the - the overall, I'd say not pricing in 2019, I think it was ahead of plan and the volume impact was less than plan. There were probably a few isolated hot spots and there are probably a few isolated hot spots now. Our teams are staying close to those situations and we're going to fine-tune our promotional plans as appropriate, but maybe the headline, I would say is, we're more focused on driving category growth and driving it the way that you would want us to do that by launching improved products and driving advertising. We'd rather I think earn our share and own our share through innovation and advertising instead of renting it through a promotion. And so I think right now our expectation is the environment should remain constructive.
Olivia Tong: And then just following up, obviously you've talked about China price promotion actions you've taken in the past, just your view on the market for D&E, Personal Care because it's nice to see the volume growth again, but the sales have decelerated a bit. So just if you could talk to that a little bit? Thanks.
Mike Hsu: Okay, Olivia just to be clear that was about China.
Olivia Tong: Yes. Specifically in China.
Mike Hsu: Yes. China, we're feeling very encouraged by our progress. We're up double digits behind really strong momentum on Fem Care and really an improving trends in the Diaper business. I'd say on the diaper side, really what's driving our improvement is really good innovation that's gaining a lot of traction with consumers in the marketplace. It has been to-date mostly launched in our premium tiers or Tier 5, 6, 7 and which is growing at a pretty good clip. I'd say we still have some issues on our lower tiers where we have - we look still little more softness there. We are expanding our innovation. We have more exciting innovation that we're launching this year and we're rolling that out across the business in Diapers and so we feel really good about our position. The birth rate has been down a little bit '19 versus '18, we expect to probably be flat to down a little bit in this year as well. But we still think there's plenty of developed market development opportunity in China and we're still very early I think in the life cycle of our categories in China.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: So I have a couple of three questions. One is on your comments about constructive pricing, we've - I asked this earlier this morning too, but we've kind of seen this movie before where there's sometimes of air pockets where pricing stay that combined rollover, so gross margins expand for this opportunity to invest in the category through advertising everything else which is what your plan is for the year. But again, having seen this before, you've seen it before as well. Often times a quarter from now, maybe two quarters from now you start seeing competition creep in from a pricing perspective and things - it'll get that worse not that it gets bad, it'll just get a little bit worse than the plan. So how are you confident that this movie is not going to end the same way or have the same competitive pressure picking up over the next little while here and tactically how much notice do you get about that?
Mike Hsu: Yes, I mean I - the scenario that you paint or that possibilities always exists. And I think the overall is, we're going to remain competitive in the marketplace and we'll be competitive on price. However, I think maybe the emphasis, Ali, for us is we feel really good about our innovation and we feel really good about our commercial, our marketing programs and so that's where we want to invest. And you may have covered categories that have commoditize I worked in categories that people seeing that commoditize over time and that's a dead end. And so for me, I think we want to take the high road and build our categories. We have - if you - our thesis say there's a lot of growth left in our categories in D&E and in elevating our categories in developed markets, but to do that you need to bring innovation and you need to get the consumer good reason to buy which is by creating more value for our products. So that's where our focus is. We will be, however, competitive, but the other factor on pricing. I'd say it's also, if you look at it, we're still above our 2017 cost levels. And so we're still - we still want our margins back to kind of where they are. We're now all the way back at it and to the extent that we would like them. And then the other side of it is that we are anticipating some pulp inflation in the back half of the year. So there is a lot of other factors going on, but our teams, I would say, have gotten sharper and more tuned with our revenue growth management capability to the market conditions. And so we'll stay close to it, but we're going to run the play which is the highroad play right now.
Ali Dibadj: I'm not - again I'm not questioning you guys, I just wonder others follow that same high road who are in more private label prone or smaller or more private or whatever. Okay. I guess we'll watch it. Second question of three is on free cash flow, it looks like certainly for the year, it was down quite a bit, a lot of that was CapEx driven. Could you talk a little bit about and Maria, if you could you talk a little bit about the drivers of free cash flow in 2019, how we should think about it for 2020 and in particular the CapEx as a percent of sales still looking perhaps elevated?
Maria Henry: Sure. The cash flow in the fourth quarter was actually strong at $924 million for the year. As you call out, operating cash flow was $2.7 billion and that's down from prior year. It's not - it's in line with our expectations. So it was a very plan for - as you know, we are funding the restructuring last year, this year and so we've got elevated expenses coming up on CapEx. The big driver on operating cash flow which we've talked about before is that we had a big shift in working capital, particularly around payables where in the fourth quarter of 2018, we had a very high inflow from working capital driven by payables timing. We basically had to pay that back out in the first quarter of 2019 and that affected operating cash flow for the year that was the big driver. Encouragingly though, Ali, when I look at our cash flow from operations, we were up nicely year-over-year in the second half of 2019. We were up about 10% and the trends on working capital are positive, but that was true both in the third quarter and the fourth quarter. I'd also call out related to that, our cash conversion cycle was 10 days for the year which was a day better than it was in the prior year and it was better than our expectations. In terms of CapEx, CapEx was elevated in 2019 and it will be elevated again in 2020 as we work through the restructuring. And as you recall, we said we'll main out the restructuring program that we were expecting incremental CapEx of $600 million to $700 million on that program. And so during the time of the supply chain activities which is '19 and '20 on restructuring on a percent of sales we've got a pretty high number, I think it was 6.5% of sales or something like that. But we did say that coming out of the restructuring, our expectation is that CapEx will be 4% to 5% of sales and that is down from our historical model of 4.5% to 5.5%. So a long answer, but I feel that the cash flow for the year was good and as expected CapEx. CapEx is in line with what we've been talking about as we execute on the restructuring.
Ali Dibadj: So it's still going to ramp down after 2020. Okay, that's very helpful. Thanks for indulge me for my last question. We talk about China with a question earlier, but just more broadly the emerging and developing markets for you only grew 3% that continues to be a slow down. I get the comp is tougher, but are there signs of improvement in that growth rate or should we continue to expect kind of again taking into account compares that we're talking about this low single-digit type of emerging market - emerging and developing market growth rate? Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Ali, I think we feel very good about our D&E performance. I know it's slowed down sequentially a little bit in the fourth quarter, but if you look at the key markets, Brazil continues to do very well, we would say excellent performance in a tough market. China, I think the trends are improving CE, as Maria pointed out, 20% growth on the year. So we feel good on our key markets. I think the big driver of the slowdown, if you look at the fourth quarter was one we're starting to cycle pricing in some key markets in Latin America, for example, in Brazil, I think our pricing in the front half was up double-digits and so we're starting to cycle that. And the other part of it is, as we mentioned, we've got some softness due to some macro issues and competitive issues in, what we would call, South Latin America which is, Peru, Bolivia and Chile and you're probably aware of what's going on there but there's a lot of social unrest which is actually affecting some of our categories, and so we're managing through that. We've got a great team, they're very experienced in kind of working through this and we've got very solid plans to address at least some of the competitive issues in those markets.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: My question is on [Technical Difficulty]
Mike Hsu: Andrea you're cutting up. We can barely hear you.
Andrea Teixeira: I'm sorry, I don't know if you could hear the question. So my question is on emerging markets. So with China growing double digits, I think you just mentioned Brazil doing well but lapping the double digits price increase. So is the other South of Latin America markets which I understand that is much smaller, what are you embedding in terms of deceleration for develop emerging into your guide or you just are expecting it to continue to be in the low-single digits into your 2%, so that obviously embeds the developed markets would be about 1%? So I would just want to kind of double clicking your separating emerging markets and developed markets? And then just a clarification question on the reinvestment question, so I understand that you were try - like you were saying like we have a lot of innovation, but according to our math, you're kind of reinvesting about $400 million on top of your base of SG&A and already invested about - you already increase around $170 million. So I understand the breakdown in assumptions, but if you can break into the large line items including compensation, R&G and advertisement into your guide, so that we can understand why it's kept into the mid-single digit growth?
Paul Alexander: Sure. This is Paul here, Andrea. There were several questions there. So I'll take the first one or two and then we'll pass the investment questions over to Mike and Maria. On the outlook for 2020 in developing and emerging markets, we don't have a hard and fast number to give you, there are several moving pieces in the business. But as Mike said, we're confident about the underlying trends in several of the markets. There is some increased volatility that we saw in the first - in the back half of 2019. We think that those have largely stabilized, but probably at a lower level. So as we enter 2020 that will be with us for a period of time. But overall, we would be looking to deliver solid organic growth in developing and emerging markets in 2020. In developed markets, in general, our expectation is unchanged from what we have been delivering over time, which is modest growth.
Maria Henry: And then on the between-the-lines outlook for 2020, we are expecting it to increase both in terms of dollars and as a percent of sales and that we expect to be driven by higher advertising as well as I'd say secondarily capability investments. Just as a reminder, there is a few other moving pieces in SG&A, we are expecting some modest benefits from restructuring in 2020, we'll have the benefit of incentive compensation normalization. And then going the other way, we'll have our normal labor and other cost inflation that run through SG&A. Beyond that, we're not providing a specific target for the level of increase, but we are interpreting that it will be a healthy level of increase.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: I wanted to come back to emerging markets because I'm having a hard time footing the narrative with the numbers. The 3 points organic, how much did Argentina add to that this quarter?
Mike Hsu: It was slightly less than two points.
Jason English: So we've got slightly north of 1 point is sort of underlying emerging market growth right now. And you're saying China is up double digits, Central Eastern Europe growing like '20s, Brazil strong. Is it the declines in the sort of non-core EMs or that substantial that there weighing you down or were the growth figures you are giving us for these other markets where they annualized and not just the quarter? Just having a hard time because I always view Brazil, Central and Eastern Europe and China is like chunky and if they're growing the EMs I thought it would do better. So I'm really having a hard time footing strength there but really no growth kind of in aggregate?
Mike Hsu: Yes. So again, I think it's as you postured which is good growth out of those markets and I think a continued growth and a little softness and what I would term our other Latin America was probably the big chunk of that. It's actually probably a little more substantial or when you add it all up, then you might think.
Maria Henry: And then also K-C Professional outside those North America has had lower numbers in the D&E markets than what we would have anticipated. And the same factors as we talked about with the volatility, but obviously when we get the total numbers that includes K-C P as well as the consumer business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wendy Nicholson with Citigroup.
Wendy Nicholson: Circling back on kind of a line of questioning about the international markets. We talked about the margin internationally before and I know there's just a lot of structural lower pricing and whatnot. But just in terms of - has a longer-term kind of over the next three to five years, how much will be international margin benefit from the restructuring and a lot of the restructuring you're doing is North America centered, but I'm just wondering how long will it be until we can see real margin improvement in those international markets? Thanks.
Mike Hsu: Yes, I mean. Well, I would say, we are planning for margin improvement over time and I think there's a couple of different things, one related to the restructuring which gets us to better and more common assets across the world, especially in Personal Care, so that's going to be one factor. But the other piece is our strategy to elevate our categories. And so we are going to see - we are expecting and planning for mixed premiumization and innovation that's going to drive more positive mix and margin over time. A good example of that would be China. We feel great that we've delivered substantial product improvement. Our gross margins are at record levels with that product improvement. So that's kind of a win-win innovation in our minds.
Paul Alexander: And Wendy, you'll be able to see our geographic disclosures when we publish our 10-K in February, but I can preview it to say that our international margins in total were up somewhat in 2019, despite the volatility and the currency headwinds.
Wendy Nicholson: So I'm just thinking obviously to the extent of focus is on accelerating the growth there for long as the margin gap is a significant as it is, it's actually a headwind to your margins. So I'm just trying to balance that as I think about it over the next few years, would love to see you grow faster outside the U.S., but obviously going to come at a cost if you can't ramp up those margins as well?
Maria Henry: Right.
Wendy Nicholson: Second question just back on the North American business. Are you surprised, I mean just given sort of the size of private label in some of your categories, we're surprised that we haven't seen more promotional aggression on part of private label? Do you think we should expect that in 2020? I mean I guess, we've been surprised not only because so many retailers are talking more about private label investments, but also in your categories, it seems like given the commodity environment we're at pretty unique opportunity for some of those private label guys to get more aggressive on pricing. So what's your take on that and is it just that consumers are really loyal to brands and innovation in your category all of a sudden or is that a legitimate threat as we look at 2020 and the cost environment?
Mike Hsu: Yes, I guess maybe the key thing for me is, in general, we're seeing a little increase in private label throughout '19 pricing particularly in Tissue has not moved up, right. And so maybe in some select pockets, but in general has not moved up at the same levels that the brands have. So that's one factor. I really don't expect and wouldn't think it would make sense to overly promote private label, mostly because of the reason that you probably surmised which is, I don't believe consumers drive retail choice or their choice of retail outlet by because of private label. I think the study after study that concludes that they make choices based on national brands and they - and that's what drives that behavior. And so I don't know that necessarily promoting on the private label side is a productive behavior. In fact, I would say, I have skin in the game here but I would suggest that if they drive the right national brand strategy, I think that will help grow the retail business more effectively.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Mike, I wanted to come back to the topic you were kind of dancing around I guess asking it different ways, but with respect to gross margin, so your performance was fantastic as was Procter's this morning. Still seeing some pricing benefit albeit one dissipating and commodity costs lower. So from a retailer's perspective and understanding the importance of brand. So we've been asking this from, okay what are Procter moves, what are private label moves or so forth on promotion. But from a retailer's perspective, why wouldn't they be coming back to you guys now to the manufacturers and asking for some of this to be dealt back through trade promotion. They never want to take a price increase, right. So now in the current environment, now why wouldn't - what's the risk that retailers sort of force the issue and lean on manufacturers to start dealing some of this back? And then I have a follow-up.
Mike Hsu: Yes, well I think, Kevin, again I still point out that we still had inflation in 2019. Our costs are still higher than they were in 2017. And so when we say this inflationary impact has been multiyear, our pricing hasn't - even hasn't fully recovered that, it's actually far from fully recovering that. So that's kind of my view from my chair on the pricing. On the other side of that, I think you'll need to talk to the retailers to get their views, but my personal side would be our discussions with retailers tend to be around how we're going to grow the category and that's what they're most interested in. As long as we've got the right plans with innovation and category support to drive category growth that's really kind of where their focus is and that's what - where most of our conversations are about these days.
Kevin Grundy: I'm bringing a quick follow-up to a question that was asked earlier. I think what investors, what analysts will try to figure out is the level of conservatism that's in your guidance versus how much investment whether that's advertising and marketing or other areas, excuse me, of OpEx that are there more sort of locked and loaded. Can you help us think about that, because in the absence of kind of putting some parameters around that, given the benefit that you're seeing from commodities, that you're seeing from FORCE, that you're seeing from Restructuring, it certainly looks conservative and it's hard to envision advertising and marketing stepping up to a level that's implied. So can you help us as best you can with the level of conservatism and flexibility maybe behind the competitive environment? Maybe kind of help us think about that? And that's it from me. Thank you.
Maria Henry: Sure. What I would say is I think that we've got a reasonable and balanced plan that we're shooting for in 2020 and we've shared with you the primary assumptions that go into that. What I can also tell you coming up on my fifth year here is that there are lot of variables that happen that we can't accurately predict as we go into a year. We've seen that happen on the downside a couple of years ago, a bit on the upside last year. And so as we go through the year we'll react to the environment that we're in, but there is potential volatility on the commodity side, there is potential volatility on the currency side. We've talked a lot about strong competition and competitive activity, so far in this call. So there is a lot of moving pieces and as we always do, we will make the decisions that we need to make during the year to deliver on the balanced model that we strive to achieve year-on-year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Strycula with UBS.
Steven Strycula: I've got a question for Mike and then a quick follow-up for Maria, Mike on your organic sales outlook for the full year, should we interpret that to mean that volume should improve from the rate it was in '19 or we should see absolute volume growth for the full year fiscal '20 and what specifically is driving that. I imagine you're going to say innovation. So how do we put the Diaper innovation in the context for 2020 relative to how the special delivery diapers for Huggies did in, call it, 2019?
Mike Hsu: Yes. The organic outlook is 2% and that really reflects our expectation for both the category and then obviously our performance as we cycle the pricing. The volume in our plan is absolute growth, again, we're expecting balanced growth from volume mix and still a little bit of pricing, Steve. Its innovation, I probably would say that the flip on volume is not going to be as daunting as you might perceive because, I would say, our underlying volume performance in 2019 was very good. And what I mean by that is obviously if you're going to take pricing you're going to have a negative volume effect in accordance to whatever you think your elasticity is. And so we saw that, but I do think we had really good underlying initiatives whether they were driving distribution and new categories and new markets in different countries or launching innovation and increasing advertising. We saw the volumes come underlying that offset most of or some of the price elasticity effect and actually more than we had anticipated. So we think we've got very - we had very good execution in 2019. And I don't think the effect in '19 was related to elasticity impacts were less than we expected, it was more related to execution of volume initiatives were better than we had expected. Did that help?
Steven Strycula: No it does. For Maria just quick follow-up to Ali's question, could you give an operating cash flow number of $2.7 billion in 2019 should that be a little better or a little worse in 2020. And then on the commodity piece, if it was $60 million deflationary in the fourth quarter, but the full year outlook is $50 million to $200 million. Can you help us think through what is basically baked into your commodity outlook assumption? Thank you.
Maria Henry: On cash from operations, we are expecting that to be up in 2020. And on Commodities, we are expecting fiber to start to pick up particularly in the back half of 2020 which is built into our assumption of the $50 million to 200 million for next year.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions in the queue.
Mike Hsu: Great. Well, we appreciate everyone's questions today and have a good day. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes this morning's presentation. You may disconnect your phone lines and thank you for joining us this morning.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-22 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience and holding. We now have your presenters in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of this morning's remarks, we will open the floor for questions. At that time, instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow if you would like to ask an audio question. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Paul Alexander.
Paul Alexander: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's third quarter earnings conference call. With us today are Mike Hsu, our Chief Executive Officer; and Maria Henry, our CFO. Here is the agenda for the call. Maria will begin with a review of third quarter results. Mike will then provide his perspectives on our results and the outlook. We will finish with Q&A. We have a presentation of today's materials in the Investors section of our website. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. Lastly, we will be referring to adjusted results and outlook, both exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. That release has further information about these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. And now, I will turn the call over to Maria.
Maria Henry: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining the call today. Let me start with the headlines for the quarter. Organic sales increased 4% driven by higher net selling prices. We achieved strong margin improvement and growth in adjusted earnings per share while increasing brand investment. And finally, we are on track with our overall capital plan and we continue to return cash to shareholders.  Now let's look at the details of our results starting with sales. Our third quarter net sales were $4.6 billion. That's up more than 1% versus year ago and increased the two point drag from currency rate. Organic sales were up 4%. Net selling price increased 4% and product mix improve one point while volume sale 1% . Mike will provide more color on our top line in just a few minutes.  Moving on to profitability, third quarter adjusted gross margin was 35.8%, up a strong 260 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted gross profit increased 9% with selling prices well ahead of currency headwinds. We generated solid total cost saving of $95 million from our course FORCE and Restructuring program. Year-to-date cost savings are now $300 million. And is more likely that full year saving will be towards the low end of our $400 million to $450 million target range. Within that, our Restructuring is expected to over deliver while FORCE savings are anticipated to be below plan. On FORCE, performance has been solid in most businesses this year. That said, we were below plan in North America for our supply chain is facing tight capacity and higher than expected demand. At the same time, they were executing our restructuring activities. Commodities turned favorable in the quarter, and were a modest benefit of $10 million. This is the first time in almost three years that we've seen commodity deflation. Other manufacturing costs also increased in the quarter compared to a relatively modest level last year.  Moving further down the P&L. Between-the-line spending was up 130 basis points as a percent of sales. That included higher advertising as we continue to invest more behind our brands particularly in digital marketing. SG&A expense also increased compared to a relatively low spending in the year ago quarter, and included higher incentive compensation expense. We're also starting to make investments to improve our commercial capabilities to drive future growth. Most of our investments for 2019 will occur in the fourth quarter. Foreign currencies were also a headwind in the quarter, reducing operating profit by a mid-single digit rate. All-in-all, adjusted profit was up 8%. Third quarter adjusted operating margin was 18.5%, up a 110 basis points versus year ago. On the bottom line, adjusted earnings per share were $1.84, up 8% year-on-year. A higher adjusted effective tax rate was essentially offset by higher equity incomes and a lower share count. Now let's look at cash flow and capital efficiency. Cash provided by operations in the third quarter was $886 million, compared to $692 million in the year ago quarter. As expected, this was a strong quarter including improved working capital and lower pension contributions. Capital spending was $298 million in the quarter. That's up versus last year driven by supply chain restructuring projects. We continue to allocate capital in shareholder friendly ways. Third quarter dividends and share repurchases total approximately $570 million and we expect the full-year amount will be $2.2 billion. Looking at our segment results. In Personal Care, organic sales were up 5%; net selling prices increased 3% and volumes and product mix were each up one point. Personal Care operating margins were 21.3%, up 60 basis points year-on-year. The improvement was driven by organic sales growth and cost savings. In Consumer Tissue, organic sales were up 3%; net selling prices increased 5% while volumes fell two points. Consumer Tissue operating margins were 17.8%, up 340 basis points versus year ago with significant benefits from higher pricing along with cost savings and modest economy deflation. In K-C Professional, organic sales grew 3%; selling prices rose more than 3% and product mix improved one point, while volumes were down 2%. K-C Professional operating margins of 21% were up 210 basis points versus prior year. The improvement was driven by higher net selling prices and cost savings. Overall, it was a strong quarter and I am pleased that we are in a position to raise our outlook while we invest in the business for the long term. I'll now turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Hsu: Thank you, Maria. Good morning, everyone. Let me start by saying, I'm pleased with our third quarter results. We achieved stronger improvement on organic sales margins and earnings per share. We continue to launch innovations, invest more on our brands and pursue our growth priorities. We also return significant cash to shareholders. As Maria just mentioned, we delivered 4% organic sales growth in the quarter. Our pricing initiatives are on track and driving our growth. We also continue to improve product mix which was up one point for the third consecutive quarter. Encouragingly, the pricing of promotion environment remains broadly constructive. Let me share some of the top-line highlights for the quarter starting in North America. Organic sales in consumer products increased 4% and within that organic sale rose 4% in Personal Care and 3% in Consumer Tissue. Growth in North America was driven by 4% higher selling prices led by Consumer Tissue. Mix was up point and led by Huggies diapers which included modest benefits from the launch of Huggies Special Delivery. Volumes were down one point overall. Adult care volumes were up double digits. Poise and Depend had strong momentum driven by product innovation, marketing investment and robust consumer demand. Baby and child care volumes were down mid-single digits compared to a mid-single digit increased last year. Results this year included softness on baby wipes and Huggies snug and dry diapers. In North America, K-C Professional organic sales increased 5% and growth was driven by continued strong price realization while category volumes remain sluggish. Now turning to developing in emerging markets, our performance was solid with organic sales growth of 5%. That included two points a growth from Argentina. Now in terms of our key personal care businesses, in China, organic sales were up mid-teens compared to a soft performance last year. Sales were up double digits in both diapers and femcare and in diapers, our net pricing was helped by reduced and more targeted promotional spending. In addition, innovations we launched on premium Huggies are delivering strong growth and improving mix. In femcare, our innovation and premiumization strategy supported by great digital marketing continue to deliver strong results. In ASEAN, organic sales rose high single digits led by Huggies in Vietnam. In Eastern Europe, organic sales increased high teens with healthy gains in volume and pricing. Growth was strong in both Huggies and Kotex reflecting excellent sales execution, winning innovation and strong marketing. In Brazil, organic sales were up mid-single digits compared to high teens growth last year, as we're starting to lap the price increases we took in 2018. We've also modestly increased promotion support to enhance our competitive position. Growth this quarter was relatively balanced between pricing and volume with volume growth led by adult care and feminine care. We experienced softer results in Latin America outside of Argentina and Brazil and that included Peru where sales were down in a challenging environment. And as a result, we've dialed back the price increase we took earlier this year and we've launched a value to your diaper. Overall, I am broadly encouraged by performance in D&E markets and remain optimistic about our future growth prospects. Finally, in developed markets outside North America organic sales were up 1% with solid performance in South Korea and Australia. Beyond sales, I'm pleased with the margin and cash flow improvement we delivered in the quarter. Our teams are working hard on both those fronts. Turning to the full year, we're raising our outlook on both the top and bottom line. Our revised organic sales growth target is 3% to 4% which compares favorably to our prior target of 3%. While we're up 4% year-to-date, the fourth quarter is our toughest quarterly comp of the year. That said, we expect a solid fourth quarter which should bring the full year well within the 3% to 4% range. On the bottom line, we're now targeting adjusted earnings per share of $6.75 to $6.90 that's $0.10 per share higher than our prior outlook. I'm pleased that we're increasing our outlook while we continue to invest for future success. I know many of you are starting to look ahead the next year and so I'll briefly comment on 2020. Our teams have recently started planning for next year. And in terms of the external operating environment we'll be operating in, we're encouraged with commodity cost trends. On the other hand, currencies remain volatile in recent forward rates imply headwinds to the next year, especially in Latin America. We'll continue to closely watch global economic conditions which in general suggest slower growth going forward. At this point, we're focused on building a robust plan for next year that's consistent with our balanced approach to value creation. One that includes higher growth investments in generally aligns with our K-C strategy 2022 financial objectives. As a reminder, those objectives are 1% to 3% growth in organic sales and mid-single digit growth in adjusted earnings per share. Certainly things could evolve in the next three months but in the broad terms that's how we're currently thinking about next year. We will provide our specific outlook in January. In summary, I'm encouraged by the progress we're making in 2019, while we invest more to enable longer term success. We're confident in our ability to deliver balanced a sustainable growth and create shareholder value. That concludes our prepared remarks and now we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Bonnie Herzog with Wells Fargo.
BonnieHerzog: Good morning. Hi. I have a question on pricing in the US. I guess I'd love to hear your outlook for pricing especially as you guys are starting to lap some of the price increases you've taken over the last year. So just like to hear from your perspective if you are concerned at all that we might see pricing stagnate or even rollback, again given we're not seeing as much commodity pressures we saw last year or do you think you've got some pricing power to put through another modest increase later this year possibly early next year? Thanks.
MikeHsu: Yes. Bonnie, overall, I think your question was regarding North America specifically. Overall, obviously we're on track for this year. Volumes better than our plan which we feel good about where we are. I think we should going forward is there may not be as much list pricing extra given where the commodity environment is. We're not really seeing downward promotional pressure at this point. So I think though the category remains relatively stable, robust and consumer demand remains healthy. I think going forward whether or not there is list pricing being-- one of the things I mentioned in our K-C strategy 2022 is our kind of commercial capabilities as I'm calling them. One area which is revenue growth management and we're really emphasizing driving that revenue realization, whether that comes from list or it comes from trade efficiencies or price tax what I might say price pack changes .So those are areas I think we're going to continue to push globally to kind of drive revenue growth of whether or not there may be list pricing.
BonnieHerzog: Okay. So it's more revenue management and not a function of price mix. if I hear you correctly?
MikeHsu: Revenue mix, yes for sure.
BonnieHerzog: Yes, okay. And then if I may just ask a second one on, you're developing an emerging market growth. So it looks like it moderated a bit sequentially. So could you walk through the key drivers of this? And then separately most of the growth in you're developing in emerging markets, it still seems to be coming from pricing and really not from volume. So how much of this has been a response to FX headwinds and then do you expect volume growth to re-accelerate here, especially given your volume comps across the emerging markets should be relatively easy? Thanks.
MikeHsu: Yes. Bonnie, great question. We feel really great, very good about D&E growth. I think that demand remains robust. We are cycling our pricing that was pretty strong in the second half last year, particularly in Latin America. Just for reference, we're up 7% year-to-date in DNA, up five in a quarter and it's five consecutive quarter, quarters of mid to high single digit growth for us in DNA. So I think we feel very good about the progress we're making. We are seeing double-digit growth in multiple markets including Central and Eastern Europe. China now importantly on both diapers and femcare. Our ASEAN business was up high single digits. And Latin America overall was up high single digits. And even excluding a market like Argentina which has a lot of list pricing but Brazil in the quarter was up mid-single digits with volume up as well. And so I think we internally we have a lot of emphasis on driving volume. Certainly, we have some benefits from pricing this year, but we feel good about the innovation that we're launching this year that's getting traction. We feel great of our about our investments in advertising particularly on the digital side, which we continue to increase our investment in. And so part of the plan is you may not expect to have this level of pricing every year, but we are looking at drive and earn our growth going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Powers with the Deutsche Bank.
StevePowers: Thanks. Good morning. Hi. So to follow up on Bonnie's question ,the gross margin and commodification that you're seeing now is great as is the pricing resiliency. But as we look to next year especially with the market concerned about potential economic slowing as you had mentioned, Mike. Does this year's gross margin upside increase the odds at all of competitive activity in the year ahead? And how do you monitor that risk from where you sit?
MikeHsu: Yes. I think any prudent person would say that could happen. I would say largely I think we've said on previous calls, the commodity inflation that's occurred has been a multi-year effect. Multi-year impact and so we're only now recovering margins from where they were from a couple of years ago. So from our side I wouldn't expect us to be very aggressive on price points going forward. But certainly we'll want to be competitive. And then as we think about next year, I think we do believe commodities are stabilizing a bit and maybe we'll be less of a factor for next year. But we still expect to see some modest pricing carryover effects from this year into next year, at least in the beginning.
StevePowers: Okay. Great. And then as this quarter began, you welcomed Alison Lewis aboard as Chief Growth Officer. Can you talk a bit more about her role and her mandate and how perhaps her presence is expected to influence the planning process as you plot out 2020?
MikeHsu: Yes. We're really excited about Alison coming on board. We feel very fortunate to have her and she brings a wealth of experience from some great companies and has great background both innovation, marketing, digital spaces. And all the areas that we're trying to grow. She -- her title is Chief Growth Officer that encompasses our marketing and our commercial functions, which include kind of our global sales. We don't have -- it's not a global sales organization, but it's a kind of center of excellence that going to drive better sales capability, revenue growth management, and digital and in our innovation. So aside from that she's got that all the functions that you might attach to a CMO as well. So we feel great about it. She's bringing a lot of thinking that's I would say additive to kind of how we're thinking about things. And she's going to bring a lot of expertise and an insight. So great start, we're really excited about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
LaurenLieberman: Hi. Good morning. First thing I just wanted to follow up on was the mention of capacity constraints in North America. And do you just -- what business that's been in where that surprise has been? That's my first question.
MariaHenry: Yes. The North America system is running at very high capacity levels. And it is across the segments, Lauren, in the consumer business. The high capacity is or high utilization rates are one of the drivers that are affecting our FORCE cost savings in the quarter. Typically, you like to run it at very high capacity utilization, but it does limit your flexibility when volume comes in stronger than you anticipated. And so we're seeing some additional costs as the North America team looks to maintain high service levels, deliver on the volume that is coming in and that's one of the factors that's showing up with the lower FORCE cost savings in the quarter.
LaurenLieberman: Okay. Great. And then I want to also follow up on D&E market because at least the way that we've been tracking it, it looks like where there was maybe a little bit of away disappointment in the quarter by my reckoning anyway was in KCP in the D&E markets because consumer tissue and personal care continued to be pretty solid performance as we've seen for several quarters now. But KCP slowed pretty materially being flat. So can you just talk a little bit about what's going on in that business? If this is sort of intentionally stepping away from major maybe lower margin business or if it's macro volatility and because that was I think more of a factor in the quarter than I would have expected. Thanks.
MikeHsu: Yes. Thanks, Lauren. Overall, I think we feel very good about KCP. I think it was real strong performance in North America, solid quarter overall, but D&E was about flat on organic for the quarter. I think nothing really systemic there. In fact, actually our leader there has a real emphasis on expanding D&E going forward. We feel like we have a lot of good growth opportunity. We've got a couple major projects to kind of dress a couple key markets for us which include Brazil and China for us. So I think we're very bullish about the D&E overall for KCP, but just a little softness in the quarter but nothing systemic there. We were really pleased with our 5% growth in North America which I would tell you is a great result in a market where category actually -- category demand is actually softened from what we can tell in the categories. So I think that the strategy of kind of elevating these categories with our premium products is working fairly well.
LaurenLieberman: Okay. Great. And then I wanted to also just talk a little bit about the longer term and reinvestment. Because you mentioned when you're talking about the sort of preliminary outlook or just conversation points around next year, you've got encouraged by commodities. Of course, the FX headwinds as we can all see higher growth investments which you've already spoken to and sort of articulating your vision and sort of long-term plan. And but I was curious if you talk about sort of maybe top three priorities for reinvestment? So degree of granular you can. Is it salesforce capabilities in the US? For example, but any kind of thought process around the top three priorities for investment and to what degree that's getting started like you said in the fourth quarter of this year and should start to see results as we go into 2020.
MikeHsu: Yes. Great question. Thanks for holding us accountable. I think the one, I'd say a couple things which is I think that things have changed a lot over the past for the course let's say 12 to 18 months. And I think we feel very good about reinvesting more in our businesses. A couple of key factors is certainly I think you mentioned in your note this morning which is the market environments much more conducive to investment, given kind of the competitive environment, I think it's giving an opportunity from marketing innovation to breathe. And so we're finding that investments we are making in marketing are more productive. Investments we're making innovation are more productive. So that's probably the first big thing. And so certainly if you follow that line of logic then one key area for us is to invest more in digital, which is very high return for us. We're making a lot of progress there. And we're up in our capability. I'd say it's multiple markets and not only kind of our high kind of e-commerce markets, a more broadly overall across markets.  Second, we are investing in capability. I talked a lot about with Bonnie about revenue growth management. A very important capability for us, helped us realize all this pricing this year. But if there's not as much list pricing going forward it becomes a little harder. And so we have to up the capability of the organization. We've been investing this year in training and development and tools to help our organization do that. And then the third key area is the product investments. And that's kind of the lifeblood of our business is that innovation we feel very positive about the innovation that we've been launching. The 5D core diaper in China is doing very, very well. We just launched special delivery although it's just gaining distribution now. So it's too early to tell, but we're very excited about the prospects for that in our business. And so I think those are probably the three big areas. And then when I might add is I mentioned in my prepared remarks a couple hotspots in areas that we want to address to improve our share performance. I mentioned Peru in our prepared remarks. Snug & Dry, North America just as always you're going to have some businesses. They're going to need a little bit more work or investment and those are some targets for us.
LaurenLieberman: Okay. And is there just as you're looking forward, is there any reason-- you're talking in a fairly conservative way I would think around the commodity environment. And tailwind should be material as we go into next year at least on pulp. So does anything you can offer as to why that might not be the case?
MariaHenry: Yes. I think it's too early to give a confirmed outlook on 2020, Lauren, there. We look at the forward curves in addition to looking at the spot rates. We've seen some estimates that have commodities above where spot is today. But we'll have to wait and see. And we'll give you our perspective when we get to January.
MikeHsu: And, Lauren, if I would just build on that briefly. Some of the things that are not quite as visible in the marketplace, but where we're experiencing pretty good levels of the inflation this year includes local costs in Latin America just as businesses like ours are raising prices, our suppliers are also raising prices. And that's a factor in the results this year. Where that is next year we'll see, we'll give you our perspective in January. And then also distribution costs continue to run higher year-over-year this year both in Latin America and really globally around the world. So where that ends up again will give you a better visibility in January but those are two factors that are certainly inflationary this year that you may not see fully.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. 
JasonEnglish: Hey, good morning, folks. Thank you for taking my question. I want to come back to is Lauren's question on the capacity tightness. And, Maria, your answer, you mentioned that it's both tissue and personal care. I love to understand more what's going on in tissue because your volume has been down 2% in 2017 in North America; 2% in 2018, tracking down 5% year-to-date. So in context to the sort of multiyear volume erosion what's led to capacity tightness in that network? And the second sort of derivative question is, is this really just a byproduct of your reorganization and how many plants that you've targeted right I think there's eight maybe that you've announced or identified. How many of those sit within the North America tissue network?
MariaHenry: Sure. They are very related, Jason, on the tissue side of the house as we've been executing changes to get pricing into the market that is one of the factors that is driving the utilization rates and the capacity within our tissue plant to execute against the volume demand. The Restructuring is also a major factor in what's happening in the supply chain in North America as we execute some facility shutdowns. We re standing up additional capacity in various places across the network. So if you think about everything that's moving in North America with the pricing changes that we're making, the restructuring activities that we have going on; the innovations that we have going into the market there, there's a lot going on right now in the North America Network and obviously executing the restructuring with excellence and expeditiously is a high priority for a business. In terms of the plant closures, we've announced seven of approximately 10 that we intend to close. One of them is our Fullerton operation, which is a tissue manufacturing facility out in California for North America.
MikeHsu: Yes. And just to pile on, Jason. So as Maria said, we like, we prefer to run at high utilization. And it doesn't leave you a whole lot of wiggle room in your base date. and then when you're working through a restructuring, you are building inventory to kind of move the tissue asset or move production over. At the same time, when volume is a little bit better than your plan to kind of add to a triple witching event. And so we got a great team. I would say these are not systemic issues. But we're just putting a lot of challenges on them and we'll work through it. I would tell you that some of these cost issues, they're not going to be systemic. But they do reflect some of the operational difficulties that you might have.
JasonEnglish: That's helpful. One follow-on just to help me consider understand how the restructuring fits in with all this. You step back and it's been a little surprising for us to see you and not defending market share a bit more aggressively in tissue. But then you mentioned your tie-down capacity and you're actually working to shut down more capacity. Is there a concerted effort here to actually shrink your tissue business volumetrically to get to a more profitable base going forward?
MariaHenry: No. There isn't. What -- the net result will be that we continue to have strong capacity in the tissue business. The more productive assets are the assets that we will be continuing to run and some of the less productive assets are the ones that will be taking out of the system. But overall, we are not looking to reduce volume in our tissue business.
MikeHsu: Yes. Jason, our teams would be really upset with us if we told them to shrink share a little bit. So we recognize actually share this year is probably one of the areas we really want to improve on. That's one of the reasons why we want to reinvest. So we're a little light in some areas and we'll work on our way back there. And that's why we want to make some of the investments we are making.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
AndreaTeixeira: Hi. Good morning. How are you? So I wanted to go back to 2020 initial guide. So it seems to me and your stock obviously is getting impacted now when you say you gave the initial outlook of I think the long-term is 1% to 3% organic growth. And correct me if I'm wrong if that changed with you are changed now to the 4%. And the mid-single digit EPS seems to me a bit conservative given that you're going to be lapping all these challenges in commodities. And you inflected, as a matter of fact you inflected the commodities finally this quarter. So me -- I understand when you're coming from the price increase, but the price increase it was about like 100 bps or something in some of the areas. So I was just wondering if you can kind of unpack that long-term and why giving us that outlook if you're still moving - still looking at the commodities. And how the commodities will play out for next year? So I just wanted to, if you can unpack both the top line and the bottom line. Thank you.
MikeHsu: Yes. Andrea, I think we came out in January with under K-C strategy 2022 kind of targets for us which we said organically was 1% to 3% and mid single digits on organic and then mid-single digits on the EPS line. And so we just put those out in January. We still think those are the right ones for us. We recognized that we had a little benefit with some commodity easing perhaps this year. But on a long-term basis, we still see the fundamentals of our business kind of tracking toward that. And so we are working towards that and that's how we're thinking about our plan. Certainly next year we think commodities are less of a factor. But we still have some FX issues particularly in Latin America. And we'll be working through those. So that's how we think about 2020. I don't know, Maria, you want to add anything to that. 
MariaHenry: Yes, no. I think that's right and the midterm algorithms that we discussed with K-C 2022 on the top line is also informed by what we're expecting for the market growth rate and is reflective of that.
AndreaTeixeira: Sorry if we can go back to China, if I can squeeze that commentary on baby diapers and also the commentary on incontinence. like if you can talk to us like how that is inflecting and how you're seeing that thing out into 2020?
MikeHsu: Sorry, Andrea, about diapers and incontinence --
MariaHenry: In China.
AndreaTeixeira: Yes. In China, yes. 
MikeHsu: Yes. Overall, I'd say diapers, we're excited about our 5D diaper, and it's off to a very good start. Overall, I think in China right now shares overall flat. I'd say we're growing at a strong pace, double-digit rate and the value in the premium tiers and then down a bit in the value tiers which is aligned with our strategy. But we think one of the key things about China we're saying is I think the terms of competition of a game is shifting back to innovation, which I think is important and good in the market in which consumers want a better product.  We feel like we have very good products and if not the best products that are in the market there. So we feel great about that. Adult incontinence for us is still a huge opportunity. It's a relatively small category in China, but I think ripe for development and we're increasing our focus there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein. 
AliDibadj: Hey, guys. So I want to go back to a couple things. One is around the cost savings efforts and it's really rare to see you go to the lower end of any cost savings plan like you're doing FORCE even more broadly. And to Jason's question, I think it was around the implications of perhaps, I think you are getting to consumer tissue volumes down and still having capacity issues i.e. maybe you've gone too far at least my interpretation of the subtext there. How do you get comfortable that perhaps the cost savings and the shutting down the plants from the restructuring or anything else just isn't going too far and you might have kind of pushed a little bit. I know it's a question we've asked all of us for many, many years but this is really the -- a really big sign here particularly given the tissue volumes are down. And in that area you're running it too high of a capacity.
MariaHenry: Yes. I think, overall, we think that the plans that we have and that we're executing on the restructuring are completely appropriate, Ali. I think that working through a restructuring of this size at the same time that there are a lot of other factors going on in the supply chain network is certainly not an easy task. So as we get through the execution period on the supply chain restructuring. It's not totally surprising that there are some challenges around flexibility. And that's what you're seeing here. In terms of the savings, I think the total savings are solid and when you look at the details of it, our teams are delivering on savings from product optimization, savings from productivity and waste improvements. We talked about coming into the year that on the savings front, we would have lower negotiated price savings associated with our long-term contract. So that's been flowing through the numbers this year. The other thing I say is that the numbers outside of North America where we've been talking about some supply chain challenges are strong on FORCE. So good savings across the globe and the challenges that we're having in North America with the high utilization rates just mean that we're incurring more costs to meet stronger volumes than we anticipated, maintain the service levels and so that's what's really going on. I think importantly, we still see lots of opportunity for productivity in our supply chain. And so we're working through a lot of things this year with a lot of moving pieces. We're focused on getting that restructuring executed and on the personal care side, we'll be adding some capacity into the network and that will catch things up on the North America side of the house. But overall the teams are doing a good job executing it. There continues to be strong opportunity in the supply chain. And I think when we have completed the restructuring program, we're going to be in a good place.
MikeHsu: Yes. And overall I think restructuring, Ali, I'd say we're moving out of higher-cost locations into more efficient locations that will deliver low, total deliver cost lower.
AliDibadj: Okay. So just a playback so I'm dead clear on this. You anticipated more than a negative for volume and consumer tissue in North America. So some more worse than that and that's why you have this capacity constraint. And as we go forward FORCE and cost savings we should be very surprised if there's a slowdown in that pace in 2020 or beyond. Is that the right playback?
MariaHenry: But I haven't given any numbers specifically for 2020 but what I will tell you is that there continues to be opportunity for additional productivity out of our global supply chain.
AliDibadj: Okay. Thank you. And then on pricing just two vectors on that. Would love your guidance historical perspective on what happens to pricing when commodities look like they're doing what they're doing now. Certainly my perspective from outside in view is it's not just a possibility but it's a likelihood that the pricing comes down, particularly in tissue perhaps a little bit less than diapers in North America. So love your perspective there and then secondly on pricing. The word that everybody is using and certainly used over the past several months is premiumization in the whole industry. But I always find your guide is sense of this is really useful in the lens for the whole industry which is how should we think about premiumization in a world between North America where the consumer may actually be slowing down again over the next few years. And does that raise risk profiles of a lot of Kimberly-Clark and other companies as such.
MikeHsu: Yes. I mean, Ali, I think you know, we're very focused on having the right value proposition. And so I do personally believe premiumization is the path that a company like ours needs to take globally. I think certainly holds in a core market like the US, but certainly D&E and many D&E markets are ready for that too. But we're going to keep our sharp eye on kind of having the right value proposition for the consumer. And so therefore for us premiumization means we're going to earn it by making the products perform better or do more for the consumer. So that's the first part of it. I'd say with regard to the first part of your question and when the commodities ease, I'd say part maybe the first part is that this has been a multiyear issue. And so we're still well above kind of some of the commodity levels that we were a couple years ago. And so and still recovering the margins. That said in the past and I've been around long enough seven years now. long enough to see couple cycles of this. And we have seen a little bit more promoted activity when you get some long-term deflation. I'd say we're prepared for that. I mean one of the areas in our revenue growth management initiative is we have invested in tools, the capability to let us pick kind of the more efficient events and trade optimization and promotion optimization is a key word for us inside the halls here. And so we'll work through that. But I think we're prepared in either scenario, but right now I think we're seeing pricing and promotion relatively stable in the marketplace right now.
AliDibadj: And you're not seeing any incremental questions being raised by retailers for the industry or across the board given perhaps their greater desire for margin in these categories?
MikeHsu: I would say no more than the typical.
AliDibadj: Okay. 
MariaHenry: Yes. I just add that while we're all pleased that pulp is deflationary in the quarter. The full year 2019 pulp cost outlook is still above 2017's level and frankly all other years since 2010 with the exception of 2018. So we are happy with the trend but it's still an elevated level.
Operator: Our next question comes from Olivia Tong with Bank of America. 
OliviaTong: Great. Thanks. I want to talk a lot about specifically about D&E about pricing. Because it sort of feels a little bit like you're knocking on the upper limit that the market can handle on pricing. So can you talk about the outlook there and your overall outlook for D&E going forward?
MikeHsu: Yes. I think primarily biggest factor in D&E this quarter was we're starting to cycle or laugh our pricing that we had in Latin America last year. I mean this time last year we launched increasing prices, high single, low double digits and brought that forward being in this year. I think we've rolled over our pricing in a market like Brazil right now. And so you're starting to see that. So I think last quarter in Brazil our organic was up teens, this quarter is up mid-single digits. Still a good number with volume up, but certainly cycling the pricing. And I don't know that we will have cycled the upper limit. There are a lot of factors in play including the FX cost. The inflation internal in the market and the wage inflation that occurs like in a market like Argentina. So I don't think I'll judge on whether we're at a limit or not. But I do think we have cycled a lot of the pricing that we had planned this year. We don't have a lot more going forward for the balance of this year. Olivia?
OliviaTong: I am here. So appreciate the answer but just in terms of the offset maybe volume increasing. Is there innovation coming to market or there are other things? Is it -- usually in the second half you've got a little bit more of an innovation heavy period, so just kind of understanding what's coming down the pipe for D&E.
MikeHsu: Yes. I think we feel good about what's been in the marketplace and overall for the year, I'd say with the levels of pricing that we have, our volumes overall have been a bit stronger in a market like Brazil with volumes up with pricing last quarter of teens. I think that's a very good result. A lot of that was an artifact of a few things which is one great in market execution. We're expanding distribution on key brands; expanding our presence on key items. And so I think that's driving very good results. We're really growing and expanding the adult care category. The femcare category and the femcare category in Brazil into more geographies. And I think we're up double digits in those categories. And so we're really excited about that progress. Similarly, like in CEE, I'd say it's a combination of innovation and market execution and marketing. This driving high teens organic growth including volume. China, similarly the innovations working in our 5D diaper. We saw return to growth last quarter. It's accelerated this quarter. So overall I think the teams are doing -- been doing a very good job in D&E and are driving the volume with disciplined market execution, innovation and good marketing.
OliviaTong: Got it. If I can turn to pulp, obviously, that market is now --the prices there are stabilizing a bit. So could you lock-in more than you typically would at this point in the year in terms of the price on pulp? And what kind of visibility do you have on the cost outlook for yourself in 2020?
MariaHenry: Yes. I would remind you that as part of pulp price management strategy, we look to negotiate contracts that are generally a year in term. And we look closely at how we do that and we look at a combination of mechanisms. We consider floors and ceilings. We consider fixed pricing and we balance out how much we look to basically have a hedge on the pricing going into the following year and how much we want to leave flexibility to take advantage of the spot market. So we're working through all of those things. I don't have any specific thing to share with you on how we're thinking about that next for 2020 but when we provide our outlook in January, it'll be reflective of how we land on that. But obviously, we have visibility to spot market and the forward rate curves.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Strycula with UBS.
SteveStrycula: Hi, good morning. So quick clarification question. Can you quantify what Argentina was as an impact for --to the global comp in the quarter? And then I have a follow up question for Maria. 
MikeHsu: Yes, Steve, it was about two points of our total developing and emerging markets growth, and D&E is about 30% of companys sales.
SteveStrycula: Okay, super helpful. And then Maria, just to kind of piggyback on that last question, if we just assume spot rates just hold where they are for like the next 18 months, so we don't assume it better or worse. Should we think about the fourth quarter being the maximum flow through from call like pulp deflation or should we actually expect that to build further next year as we think about some of these contracts being reset on an annual basis? And then I have one last question for Mike.
MariaHenry: Sure. In terms of this year's outlook, our outlook for 2019 is generally aligned with the spot market. And then for next year, as I mentioned earlier, it -- the forecasts are still moving it, Some forecasts have the outlook for next year above spot and there's a lot of factors that are still moving around. So I hate to keep going back to this. But we'll have more to say on that in January, as we continue to lock down our mechanisms for our pulp size into next year.
SteveStrycula: Okay. I appreciate that. And then, Mike, fundamentally a lots going right for you this year or for the broader team rather. And one of the few things you mentioned on the call where you would say there's an opportunity for improvement in 2020 is maybe selectively some pockets of market share. Would you kind of comment on your top priorities from like category comp, product or category country combination for next year? And what do you think is like the mechanism of delivery in the form of reinvestment that we need to see to kind of jumpstart the shared trends in this category, country combinations? Thank you. 
MikeHsu: Yes. Maybe, Steve, great question. I think maybe the caveat or precursor is, we're right in the middle of our plans for 2020 right now. So I actually haven't even seen kind of the detailed role of a 2020 for us yet. Although, I'd say if you look at our business, Ill start with North America. Overall, I think our shares a little soft than we like this year, although we are seeing sequential progress this quarter. I think the team is feeling very good about the progress they're making especially with the innovation and the marketing plans that they have.  So to see an ongoing improvement in North America is a top priority. Certainly we -- usually, we don't get very far into the call before we start talking about China. It remains our biggest growth opportunity, both in the near term and the long term. We're really excited about I think that the progress that the team has made. So our investments in both the product especially in diapers, and then the marketing side, both in diapers and especially in femcare, digital marketing, I think is working really well for us and I think that's really important. I think we've had great growth in Central and Eastern Europe both either double digit growth, whether it's in the 20s, or the high teens for a couple years now, and we feel great about that. So that's continues to be a high priority.  Latin America, as we talked about, I think the Brazil team is doing a great job executing. We have a couple pockets in Latin America, which are important markets for us like Peru that I mentioned, that we're seeing a little increased competition. And so we're going to make sure that we have the right product offering in that market to be competitive and strengthen our position in that marketplace.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
KevinGrundy: Hey. Thanks. Good morning, Mike. Good morning, Maria. So just to kind of build on the last question. Mike, I'm not sure if you can say much more. But if the question relates to innovation pipeline and adequacy of investments, so when we spoke with you earlier this year and you took over leadership of the company, the comments were you weren't comfortable resetting earnings kind of for the sake of resetting earnings in the absence of having the right sort of innovation pipeline to spend behind. But kind of building on this, we've had a lot of conversations around sort of a lack of satisfaction with your market share trends in the US. Where do you kind of stand now? I mean what is the satisfaction with current investment levels for the company broadly? And then kind of marrying that up with the higher growth investments, in your slides you kind of gave us a few data points qualitatively at least between FX and commodities. And then you did include their higher growth investments looking at the next year. How should we be thinking about that? Is there potential for acceleration relative to what we've seen? And then I have a follow-up.
MikeHsu: Yes. I think we've been working on what I would say the commercial capability development of which innovation is a key area. The four pockets that I'll talk about. Innovation, digital, marketing overall but digital especially, revenue growth management and then selling capability or in-market execution. So those are our big four. I will tell you I feel very good about the progress we're making globally across the enterprise in these areas. One of the areas I do think we're making progress is on the innovation front. And I think we're starting to see our team's work much more effectively together across markets to leverage our enterprise scale on technology. And I think that's hitting the market or is going to affect what we're doing in the market. Some of the 5D line that we saw in China was developed by other parts of the world. The Huggies Special delivery that we just launched in North America was jointly developed between Korea, China, Brazil and the US team. And so we're starting to see more of that activity. So suffice it to say we want bigger, more impactful innovation with our consumers. And you'll see more of that going forward. And then in terms of the investment, it's just to support that. Whether it's in the product cost or it's in the marketing of that product. And be more aggressive and how we market that. I think those are areas that we're going to want to invest in. And then the last area and it coincides with our market execution capability pillars. We want to play a bigger hand in developing categories. And we're seeing more of that I think I mentioned in Brazil, we're seeing double, high double-digit growth in adult care and baby wipes. And that's because of a concerted effort by the team in Latin America to focus on geographies and categories and expand the development of those categories. And so you'll see more of that investment going forward as well.
KevinGrundy: Mike, it sounds like -- it feels like you believe the company can execute on that and still deliver on the company's long-term EPS algorithm. I didn't detect anything that suggests an outsized investment would be needed. Is that fair? 
MikeHsu: Yes. I think that's been our stance since I think our January meeting which is, that's why we set forth these medium-term targets that would one to three top and mid single digit bottom and at the same time we would create the funds and room necessary for us to drive some of the investment that we think we need to do to improve the share position of our brand for he long term and then also build the categories in kind of the big opportunities that we have in D&E for the long term.
KevinGrundy: Okay. That's helpful. One quick follow-up. The net revenue management which you've spoken a lot about, that's a big number. I understand it approaches the company's cost of goods sold in terms of absolute dollars. Is that something you will ever put a number on for investors in terms of the opportunity in over what period of time you think it can be realized?
MikeHsu: Well, I was about to say something but Maria shaking her head. So --[Multiple Speakers] I'm just kidding. We're not ready to put a number on that it probably, they're probably not yet-- not at this point.  End of Q&A
Operator: Our next question comes from Caroline Levy with Macquarie. At this time, we have no other questions in the queue. 
Paul Alexander: All right. So, Caroline, if you're not there, we appreciate everyone's questions today. And we'll wrap up with a quick comment from, Mike. 
Mike Hsu: Okay. Well, we're very pleased with our results this year. We have a strong quarter and we feel very good about the performance thus far this year. And we're very optimistic about our growth prospects for the future, both in the near term and the long term. And our plan is to deliver balanced and sustainable value creation. So thank you guys very much.
Paul Alexander: Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes this morning's presentation. You may disconnect your phone lines. And thank you for joining us this morning.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-23 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience and holding. We now have your presenters in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of this morning's presentation, we will open the floor for questions. At that time, instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow if you would like to ask an audio question. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Paul Alexander.
Paul Alexander: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's second quarter earnings conference call. With us today are Mike Hsu, our Chief Executive Officer; and Maria Henry, our CFO. Here is the agenda for the call. Maria will begin with a review of second quarter results. After that, Mike will provide his perspectives on our results and the outlook for the full-year. We will finish with Q&A. We have a presentation of today's materials in the Investors section of our website. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. Lastly, we will be referring to adjusted results and outlook, which exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. That release has further information about these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. And now, I will turn the call over to Maria.
Maria Henry: Thanks, Paul, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining the call today. Let me start with the headlines for the quarter. Organic sales increased 5% driven by higher net selling prices. We achieved strong cost savings, margin improvements and growth in adjusted earnings per share. And finally, we are broadly on-track with our overall capital plan and we continue to return cash to shareholders. Now let's cover the details of our results starting with sales. Our second quarter net sales were $4.6 billion. That is even with a year-ago and includes a five-point drag from currency rates. Organic sales were up 5% compared to flat performance in the base period. Net selling prices increased 5% and product mix improved one point, while volumes fell slightly. Mike will provide some more color in our top-line in just a few minutes. Moving on to profitability. Second quarter adjusted gross margin was 34.6%, up 120 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted gross profit increased 3% [indiscernible]. We now expect full-year commodity inflation of $150 million to $250 million. On average that is $150 million lower than our previous estimate. The reduction is driven primarily by cost and secondarily other raw materials. Other manufacturing costs also increased in the quarter compared to a relatively modest level last year. These costs are expected to be a bit higher than we planned for, for the full-year. Moving further down the P&L, between the lines spending was up 90 basis points as a percent of sales. That included higher advertising as we are investing more behind our brands, particularly in digital. G&A expense also increased, driven by higher incentive compensation. For the full-year, because we have raised our sales and earnings outlook, we have also increased our incentive compensation estimate. The increase versus our original plan is equal to more than 1% of total operating profit. About half of that increase was reflected in our second quarter results. Foreign currencies were also a headwind in the quarter, reducing operating profit by a high-single digit rate. All in all, adjusted operating profit was up 2%. Second quarter adjusted operating margin was 17.2%, up 40 basis points versus a year-ago. That included broad-based margin improvements in all three business segments. On the bottom-line, adjusted earnings per share were $1.67, up 5% year-on-year. In addition to the higher operating profit, the bottom-line benefited from a slightly lower adjusted effective tax rate, higher equity income and a lower share count. Let's turn to cash flow and capital efficiency. Cash provided by operations in the second quarter was $609 million compared to $787 million in the year-ago quarter. The decrease was generally in line with our expectations and driven by higher tax payments and increased working capital. Capital spending was $253 million in the quarter.  As expected that is up versus last year, driven by supply chain restructuring projects. We continue to allocate capital in shareholder friendly ways. Second quarter dividends and share repurchases totaled $520 million and we continue to expect that full-year amount will be between $2 billion and $2.3 billion. Looking at our segment results, in Personal Care, organic sales were up 8%. Net selling prices increased 5% and volumes and product mix were each up one point. Personal Care operating margins were 21.2%, up 80 basis points year-on-year. The improvement was driven by organic sales growth and cost savings. In Consumer Tissue, organic sales were up 4%. Net selling prices increased 5% and product mix improved slightly, while volumes fell 2%. Consumer Tissue operating margins were 15%, up 90 basis points versus year-ago with significant benefits from higher pricing. In K-C Professional, organic sales grew 1%. Selling prices rose 3% and product mix improved a point [while volumes were down 3%. K-C Professional operating margins of 19.7% were up 50 basis points versus prior year. So all in all, we delivered very good results in the quarter while continuing to invest for future success. I will now turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thanks, Maria. Good morning, everyone. Let me start by saying we made excellent progress in the second quarter. We are executing our 2019 plan well with a strong focus on price realization to improve our margins. We are launching innovations investing more in our brands and pursuing growth priorities for longer term success. We are also continuing to return significant cash to shareholders. As Maria just mentioned, we delivered 5% organic sales growth in the second quarter and while that compares to a soft year-ago, this was our best performance in over three years. Our pricing initiatives are on-track. Our volumes are ahead of expectations both in terms of the impact from price increases and from our growth initiatives. We also continue to improve mix, which was up one point for the second consecutive quarter. Let me share some of the top-line highlights starting in North America. Organic sales in consumer products increased 5% compared to a 2-point decline last year. Year-to-date, organic sales were up 3%, which is likely a better reflection of our ongoing performance. Growth in the quarter was driven by 4% higher selling prices. Our pricing plans are on-track. Volumes in North America were up slightly overall. Adult care volumes were up high-single digits and we recently launched innovations on both Poise and Depend to keep that momentum going. Earlier this month, we launched Huggies Special Delivery, our new super premium diaper. Special Delivery uses the best of our technology from around the world. This is our softest diaper. It's made with plant-based materials and provides ultimate skin comfort. It's also premium priced and a great example of our elevate the core strategy in action. In North American consumer K-C Professional, organic sales increased 2%, driven by disciplined execution of our pricing initiatives. Turning to developing and emerging markets, organic sales rose 9% and that included 3.5 points of growth from Argentina, which is consistent with our plan. In terms of our key personal care businesses, in Brazil, organic sales were up double digits driven by higher selling prices. While category volumes remain sluggish, we are driving strong growth through disciplined market execution and focused expansion efforts in baby wipes and adult care. In China, organic sales were up double-digits compared to a soft performance last year. In diapers, our net price realization was helped by reduced and more targeted promotional spending. While Huggies total volumes were down, the product innovations we have launched are delivering growth in the premium end of our lineup and improving mix significantly. In fem care, we had another strong quarter and we are on-track to achieve 20%-plus organic growth for the third consecutive year. In ASEAN, organic sales rose about 10% with continued volume strength on Huggies diapers in Vietnam. In Eastern Europe, organic sales increased about 20%, driven by double-digit volume growth and positive pricing. Our momentum on both Huggies and Kotex reflects excellent sales execution, winning product innovation and great marketing. Finally, in developed markets outside North America, organic sales were up 1% with solid performance in South Korea and Australia. Beyond sales, I'm very encouraged with the margin improvement we have delivered while investing more in our business. Now turning to the full-year. We are raising our outlook on both the top and bottom-line. On the top-line, we are increasing our organic sales outlook to 3%, and that is one point higher than our original plan and driven by stronger volumes. On the bottom-line. We are now targeting adjusted earnings per share of $6.65 to $6.80, and that compares favorably to our prior outlook of $6.50 to $6.70. Our updated outlook reflects strong execution, the improving commodity environment and higher reinvestment levels. We are encouraged that the commodity outlook has gotten better, and that is especially true for pulp, which has retreated from all time high levels although costs remain elevated from a longer term perspective. We aren't expecting a significant increase in market promotion activity despite the improved commodity environment, but we will continue to closely monitor competitive activity. We are increasing growth investments in our brands and commercial capabilities to position us better for the long-term success. Brand investments include more digital advertising, digital continues to improve marketing ROI and help us grow in many parts of our business. We are also going to invest to improve our commercial capabilities, including revenue management, which is a focus of K-C Strategy 2022. Overall, we expect to bring some of the commodity benefits to the bottom-line while also reinvesting more for top-line growth. That is consistent with our balanced value creation model we outlined in K-C Strategy 2022. So in summary, we have made excellent progress in the first half. We are raising our full-year outlook and investing more for the long-term, and we are confident in our ability to create shareholder value. That concludes our prepared remarks. And now, we will be glad to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: Hey, guys. A few questions for me actually. One is on free cash flow. Maria, you mentioned that particularly on the working capital side, it was a planned change, but a pretty big reduction in free cash flow this year versus last year even if you try to adjust for some sense of restructuring. So I would love a sense of why that shouldn't worry us at all in terms of that trajectory, and what you think the trajectory looks like going forward on the free cash flow side.
Maria Henry: Sure. We said coming into the year that we were expecting operating cash flow to be down slightly year-on-year, and we still expect that. If you look at the quarter, the cash from operations of 609 was driven by higher cash taxes, and working capital was also a use of funds. So let me talk about both of those. On cash taxes, it really has to do with timing. You look at the first part of 2018, we were in an overpayment situation, and so we were paying out less cash taxes last year than what would be kind of a normalized level. This year we have the opposite. We have some catch-up payments that we had to make in the first half of this year and in the second quarter, and so that is what is going on with cash taxes. It just has to do with timing. I wouldn't call anything unusual out there. In terms of working capital, there is a number of factors. Our cash conversion days were 13, which compares to what was a very strong 11 days in 2018. And you'll recall that in the fourth quarter of last year, we had very strong cash flow benefits from working capital. We had very low cash conversion days. Part of that was driven by a higher payables balance, which got paid out in the first part of this year. In terms of working capital and cash conversion days, we are expecting and we are seeing inventory build around our execution on the restructuring programs. As we close down facilities or prepare to close down facilities and shut down lines and prepare to stand up new lines, we are building inventory so that we can maintain our service levels with customers, and we are seeing that. On the accounts receivable or DSO side, we have got in the second quarter some timing differences between the sales and collections, particularly with the quarter ending on a Sunday. So I would expect on the receivables side that to correct itself as we go through the remainder of the year. And finally, on payables, the team is executing some projects to get some benefits there, and that was a positive, helping to offset the drag on inventory and the timing differences on DSO. So it's a long answer, but I would expect for the second half that we will have stronger free cash flow and that, for the year, we will still be down little bit, Ali.
Ali Dibadj: Okay. Okay. A bit of improvement for me. Okay. I appreciate the confidence of answer and will keep watching it. A couple of other things. One is, I guess I was initially encouraged to see the emerging and developed markets growing 9% this quarter, saw China pricing a little bit better and start to ask the question of, oh gosh, are we back to kind of this high-single digit type growth rates sustainably in the emerging markets for Kimberly-Clark? But then, I saw that you mentioned Argentina with 3.5 points of that 9% growth, Mike. Brazil probably helped you out a little bit as well. China, it seems like you are investing a lot in that marketplace as well, hopefully on the volume side. So just that kind of perked my expectations and my hope to a return of improvement in Kimberly-Clark emerging in developed markets. Could you kind of right size our expectations on that on a sustainable basis, please?
Mike Hsu: Yes, Ali. Good point. I think I would say overall in D&E, we are very encouraged and we are making strong progress. That 9%, it's robust, and I would say it's the fourth consecutive quarter of accelerated performance. If you go back to the third quarter of last year, I think we were up 3%, then 4%, 7% in the first quarter and then 9% this quarter. And while Argentina is a chunk of that, about a little over 3 points, we are seeing improved performance across many of the markets. Obviously price mix is a big piece of it, but we are seeing certainly less volume impact from pricing from some of the significant pricing we have taken, for example, in Brazil and Argentina, less volume impact than we originally expected. And then, on the positive front, in other markets, I would say, CE continues to grow at a strong double-digit rate. We are seeing ASEAN growth at double-digits, and then China obviously returning to growth, certainly aided by pricing or maybe, said a different way, some reductions in promotion spending in China. But we are seeing a good volume growth in our premium tiers, and we are very encouraged by that progress.
Ali Dibadj: Okay. And just my last question may be a little bit of a broader question, the discourse around Kimberly-Clark among investors is that I think people generally understand that pricing has been pretty good because of commodity-driven pricing and the SKUs were better because P&G and GP and perhaps some of the competition in China was a little bit more stable. Brazil seems like it's getting a little bit better. Commodity costs were less than what we had anticipated, and all those things in kind of the Kimberly-Clark ecosystem are doing pretty well. But the challenge often in that discourse is, okay, so what is Kimberly-Clark itself doing? What was company-specific here that Kimberly-Clark is doing that could benefit it differentially besides cost savings in particular? I think we all appreciate that cost savings has been quite good. But it's kind of like the ecosystem's going in Kimberly's favor, but we are not quite sure what company specifics are happening here. So if you could help us, at least enlighten us on that, that'd be helpful. Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Yes, Ali. Great question. It's certainly, I think, one of the big things is the operating environment has improved, right. And I think that is significantly better than when we met maybe toward the end of January. And I think the consumer demand is healthier than it was then, and I would say our performance is better than it was then. One of the reasons why we are seeing less volume impact is not because elasticities are lower. In fact, as we do the analysis, the elasticities are pretty close to what we modeled. It is really more than market execution. And what we got is, I think, very strong innovation and new products coming out across, let's say, North America, particularly in Personal Care. We have got strong marketing in those markets as well driving an improvement consumption. I think, the China business I think is, we are in China for the long haul, and I think the team really believes in innovation there and I think the consumers following. And so, we are seeing strong growth in our premium tiers behind, we think, the best diaper in the marketplace right now. And so there is a lot going on there. And if you look at Latin America, double-digit pricing with almost minimal volume impact, it's not because there is low elasticity. It's because there is really strong innovation marketing and actually terrific sales execution.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks. Good morning. Just following on that, I think it's telling, Mike, how many times you just mentioned kind of terrific sales execution, and it feels like in some of your larger emerging markets, I'm curious to the degree to which I guess what is changed? So you alluded to, of course, better operating environment but the Kimberly-Clark specific piece, let's go back to maybe what was missing or not as strong over the last two to three years from a commercial execution standpoint, because I think that is a piece of the equation I'm still not grabbing onto and then it would be and so many markets at once that the executions driven have been like a step change. So anything further you could offer there would be great.
Mike Hsu: Yes, Lauren. I think it's a combination of factors I just mentioned, which is, I think, the operating environment has improved, in which I think the consumer can see the innovation and the product and the marketing and respond to it. And if you rewind a couple of years ago, it's tough to see innovation and advertising when you are going against a buy one get two free, right. So pouring advertising into a marketplace like that is not effective. But I think where the teams - and we always believe in elevating our categories or driving better product benefit by making the premium products worth it. And so I think we have got plenty of innovation across markets that I just mentioned that is taken a hold and getting the consumers' attention and we are encouraged by that response. And then obviously, I think all of us in CPG we all know when you have good innovation, it allows your sales force to execute much more effectively and get the shelf space you need, drive the promotions you need, and all that kind of behavior close with it. So I don't think there is a magic bullet there, but I would say that I think we all were focused on a disciplined way building our capabilities both in innovation, in digital, which is a big space for us for marketing, sales execution and revenue management. Those are the big capability areas we have been focusing on, and we are making a lot of progress.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, great. And then now with the commodity environment being more benign and even just with your outlook obviously for this year but even as we look forward to 2020, with that as a backdrop and thinking about the things you laid out as core to your tenure, investing in selling capabilities, marketing, digital, revenue management, there is data needs to get it at those sorts of activities, how are you thinking about the greater flexibility you may well have today versus what you thought six months ago and the reinvestment needs of the business, particularly the new Chief Growth Officer coming on who may have sort of a different perspective on what can be done with your suite of brands?
Mike Hsu: Yes, I mean - Lauren, we are very bullish on our categories both in the near-term and long-term and I think that comes back to kind of two of the core strategies we have, which is in big developed markets, elevating the core or premiumizing our categories by making the categories worth more to our consumers. And then of course we are still in the very early stages of development. So, I think maybe the commodities have been a little lower than we expected at the beginning of the year, that does give us the flexibility. I think, the - when you add up the operating environment, which I think is more conducive to growth and consumer demand is healthier than we have seen maybe in the past year or so, I think that gives us the confidence to invest. The other part of it is, we have talked about this back in January, which is I think our - with the innovation and the marketing initiatives and the sales initiatives working, that gives us more confidence to put more money behind that, and we are very excited about that.
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley. Ms. Mohsenian, your line may be on mute. You may unmute to ask your question.
Dara Mohsenian: mid-single-digit pricing in the last couple quarters, but that was predicated upon a much higher commodity environment than we are sitting at today. So, curious if you are seeing any initial signs in pickup and promotion from either branded label or branded competitors with the recent commodity pullback? And as you look going forward, you commented that you don't expect to see a significant increase in market promotion. What gives you confidence behind that, and that you won't have to dial back some of this pricing eventually?
Mike Hsu: Hey, Dara, I think we only got the last part of it, so I will try to answer it, but maybe you can push me if I'm not kind of going the direction you were asking for. But I think it was related to pricing and what the environment looks like. Right now, I would say, overall our pricing initiatives overall across globally are on-track, maybe a little more focused on North America, they are also on-track. Probably the big area for us was in North America Consumer Tissue. I think the pricing was up as we expected. The big difference was private label in general still has not moved, but we are still seeing good volume growth from our brands, and probably a little bit in excess of what we had planned. I think, at this point, we have not seen an uptick in maybe competitive promotional pricing. Don't expect it, mostly because this is a multi-year issue for us, and we have had commodity inflation at record highs. It's still at a very high level. And so, for us, we are not planning - our plans don't have high promotion intensity. We are really focused on marketing the innovation that we have, and driving the advertising. I will pause there, and maybe is that what you were looking for or something else?
Dara Mohsenian: Yes. That is helpful. And then, if I could just slip in a second question, the gap between North American reported results and the U.S. scanner data looked like it widened pretty significantly to a few hundred basis points. Was there some inventory build that retail, particularly with the innovations that you mentioned, or is that more just a function of very strong untracked channel growth? And maybe while we are on the subject, can you give us a bit of an update on e-commerce in the club channel, your sales growth and market share performance there? That'd be helpful.
Mike Hsu: Yes, a little different there. I think what we said in our commentary that maybe the plus 3% was probably a better - if you look at year-to-date, we are plus 3%. That is probably the best indication of where we think our business is right now. We did have a few differences, certainly non-measured for us is generally stronger than measured. So that is an ongoing refrain, and a good thing in some ways. Also we had some spending changes that affected net revenue realization. I recognize we are still - dialing back to your prior question, we are still dialing back our promotion intensity. And so that affected it. And then we did have some minor retail inventory changes, but we had those in a lot of quarters.
Dara Mohsenian: Okay. That is helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Wendy Nicholson with Citigroup.
Wendy Nicholson: Hi. Good morning. There was just a comment in the North America commentary in Personal Care that caught my eye, which was number one, that volumes were up high single digits in adult care. And I was curious what drove that because I know that is been obviously a very high margin area for you, but it's an area that is been under pressure. So is that category growth or is it innovation or more promotion that you doing? And then, similarly, volumes down mid-single digits in fem care in North America. What is the plan there? I know it's been - I mean, your Kotex restates that you did a few years ago was so successful. Are there any plans for a follow-up to that? What are your plans in fem care to get that business growing again? And I'm really focused on volumes, not pricing. Thanks.
Mike Hsu: Yes. We are making progress on adult care, Wendy, up high-single digit. I think the category is up somewhere - probably about mid single-digit in that range, and I think really it's about innovation and category messaging, category-building messaging that is gaining traction for us. Definitely our product enhancements that we launched last year are gaining traction, discrete sizing. We have got Fit-Flex on Depend is going out now, and then Poise Active, and those are all working pretty well for us. And then, we have got strong brand investment and more messaging that is more category-building. So I think those of the two things that are working in adult care. In fem care, it's a great category. We have got a great global franchise. We know we need to strengthen the performance of the brand in the U.S., and the team is focused on product enhancements and improving our messaging.
Wendy Nicholson: Perfect. Then just going back to your comment on pricing generally, I can't remember the last time companies like you got the benefit of favorable pricing and favorable commodity impact. It's just been a long time. Those usually work opposite. And so, just as you think about the current commodity environment, I know you said you don't expect promotional levels to increase, which, I hope that is the case, but that would strike me as a surprise. But as you look toward calendar '20, the pricing that you have taken, at what point in the cycle do you get to a point where you need to contemplate may be rolling back some of the price increases you have taken, particularly in categories where you still are struggling from a market share perspective. Why not be the aggressor there, if you will? Thanks.
Mike Hsu: Yes, I think, if you sit on this side of the phone, you have a memory like an elephant. So, last year, I think our commodity inflation was $500 million or $600 million more than our plan. And so, this year, it's a little more favorable but not even close to that. And so, again as I said, the commodity impact is a multi-year impact, and I think that is driving our behavior as we work to recover margins. And right now, I think, we are seeing in the retail environment consumer demand is healthy. I think, in this environment, consumers could be more responsive to innovation and marketing, and I think that is a bit more value-added for us and our competitors to grow the categories versus driving a doom cycle of promotion.
Wendy Nicholson: Fair enough. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Wells Fargo.
Bonnie Herzog: Alright. Thank you. Good morning. I actually had a follow-on question on private-label pricing, which has remained largely unchanged in some of your key track channel category such as diapers. So, just want to hear from you guys how concerned you are with private label choosing not to follow your pricing moves. And then, separately, could you comment on whether you are seeing any stepped-up competitive pressures from some of your online retail partners with their own private label offerings?
Mike Hsu: Yes. We are watching the private label pricing pretty closely. It hasn't moved notably in Consumer Tissue or specifically in the Bath category, or in diapers yet. I do think our brands are performing very well despite that. And I think that speaks to the iconic nature of Scott 1000, our new advertising and our product enhancements with Cottonelle, so we feel good about that direction, but it's something that we have got the keep a sharp eye on. Obviously we are a volume-sensitive business, and so while we may fine-tune our promotional plans to make sure we get the volumes that we need, we are going to manage this category - our role in the category very responsibly.
Bonnie Herzog: Alright. Thanks. And then just a second question for me on China. Could you drill down just a little further on your performance in that market? And it seems like volumes still seem to be under pressure, so just wanted to understand from you when we can see that turn positive or improves further.
Mike Hsu: Yes, OK. China, our biggest short-term opportunity and our biggest long-term opportunity, and I think the team is working in the right direction, which is making the investment in innovation. And we feel like we have the best diaper in the market right now. Organic was up double-digits with big contributions from both Diapers and Fem Care. In Diapers, we launched a breakthrough, what we call, our 5D diaper toward the end of - middle of last year, and we think that is the best in the market, and that is really fueling the gains. We are up significantly in the premium tiers, still down a bit in the value tiers, but we are managing through that. Some of that is conscious because we have chosen to dial back the promotional price points or raise our promotional price points. And so that drove some of the net price realization that we had in the category. But I would say, we are growing in the tiers that are very important to us, which is premium, and still declining a little bit in the value tiers. Bonnie?
Bonnie Herzog: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Cody Ross: Good morning, everybody. This is actually Cody on for Jason. Perhaps the biggest surprise to us was the 8% organic sales growth in Personal Care. Developing and emerging markets were led by price, which could be fleeting, but North America had a balanced contribution for the first time in many years. Can you provide more details and tell us what is driving this specifically? What you think your end-market growth is compared to what it was a quarter or two ago? How much market share do you think you are taking? And which categories are you seeing the most share gain in? And how sustainable do you think that is?
Mike Hsu: Yes, good point, Cody. I think we are very pleased with the balanced nature of the growth in North America Personal Care. I think organic was up 6%, and that was balanced between being up 3% in price and 3% in volume for us. And that really reflects, in our mind, strong product innovation and really strong end-market execution. In Diapers, we just launched - we got great innovation coming out, and we just launched Huggies Special Delivery, which is going to deliver ultimate skin comfort. And it's got a lot of features. And if you'll indulge me, our softest diaper delivers really trusted protection. It's got plant-based materials, free of parabens and other harsh chemicals, and hypoallergenic for baby's skin. So it's got a great product, great designs and packaging. And it's priced at a significant premium. And Cody, that is been a - it's really a good indicator or a good example of our elevate-the-core strategy in action. So we are excited about that. In adult care, likewise we have got, as I just mentioned earlier, a number of product enhancements in Depend and Poise, and those are both working - those are all working well in the market.
Cody Ross: Great. Thank you. My other question was your revised guidance calls for higher marketing spend and G&A costs. Can you just provide more details about your spending initiatives? What products is it behind? When should we expect it to hit? And then also, what caused you to increase your spending outlook? Was it just reinvesting the savings that you have from a lower commodity outlook?
Mike Hsu: Yes, Cody, it's a couple things. One, certainly the outlook had a piece of it, but it's also, given the robustness of consumer demand and I think the improving conditions in the operating environment, gives us the confidence to invest. And then, that said, some of the early returns from our innovation and our marketing thus far to date, I think, gives us more confidence to invest further. So the big areas, I think Maria mentioned - Digital is one big area for us that is working effectively for us in a lot of areas. It has strong ROIs, driving a lot of the parts of our business, what we would call direct digital marketing in North America Personal Care and Tissue. China, Fem, Diapers in Russia, I think we have got multiple markets. And then, from a capability perspective, we are also investing in people, process and tools to accelerate some of the capabilities that I outlined, including our end-market execution and our revenue growth management initiatives.
Cody Ross: Great. Thank you. And if I can just sneak in one housekeeping item, you guys have had strong cost savings so far year-to-date. Even if commodities should come below your outlook for about $150 million to $250 million, should we still expect you to hit that target range of $400 million to $450 million in savings?
Maria Henry: We are tracking well on our way to delivering the $400 million to $450 million savings this year. What I would say is the composition of that may be a bit different than what we were thinking. Our teams are delivering solid FORCE cost savings as they work to deliver productivity and cost reductions in our manufacturing operations. Our restructuring program is very much on-track. At the end of the day, it's possible that our FORCE savings for the year may come in a bit light, and our restructuring savings may come in a bit better than we had anticipated coming into the year. But in total, on the $400 million to $450 million combined savings, I think we are well on our way to deliver that.
Cody Ross: Great. Thank you very much. I will pass it along.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. Good morning. How are you? So I have two questions. First to Maria, on the new guidance, what are you assuming for pulp prices? And should we see commodities, I guess, the spot prices have been rolling over by more than anticipated. So, in your outlook, as we progress for the year and probably as you said in a multi-year effect, should we see the timing of these contracts finally having a bigger impact and the levels like being conservative on this guidance and the revised guidance is because you don't have visibility of how long it's going to linger these lower prices? And then, the second question is about China. So, you have an impressive quarter. So in the premium segment that is finally more than offset the near tier segment decline, is it sustained more or you are seeing or you are being able to increase the marketing in spite of these marketing spend that you alluded to for the fast-growing channels, including online and baby stores? Thank you.
Maria Henry: Alright. Why don't I start with the commodity outlook. I guess, a good place to start on commodities is just a reminder that commodities were inflationary in the quarter, and still a headwind for us in the second quarter to the tune of about 10% impact on our operating profit. But that said, they did come in a bit better than we expected. And while they were inflationary, it was the lowest level of inflation that we have seen in two years. So we are pleased with that. Costs on some of the resin-based materials as well as pulp and results of fiber all these versus our plan mostly in North America. We still do see inflation outside of North America, particularly in Latin America. Distribution costs are also continuing to run high. There is no change in our view on that, but they do continue to run high. On your question around the contracts, the contracts in general are negotiated annually. So I will remind you that we discussed the negotiations that we had coming out of 2017 when we got - I'm sorry, coming out of 2018 when we got on the call in January. So we have nothing new to report on that, and we will have to see where we land and where commodities are as we close out the calendar year and we get into our discussions with suppliers and set our contracts for next year. We will update you on where all of that lands in January. And then, the other thing I would comment on is that, in general, our outlook for commodity assumes that costs are relatively consistent with the recent spot prices, except for pulp, which is forecast to move down a bit further from here. So that is kind of what is going on with commodities.
Mike Hsu: Yes, OK. Andrea, and then on China, what I will tell you is, we are really encouraged by the progress the team is taking. Their strategy is to elevate the category by driving sustainable long-term growth. And I think, do we believe it's sustainable? I think that is our intent. And the way we are doing that is through product innovation that seems to be working very effectively in the marketplace. We have got a diaper that we launched toward the end of last year, middle of last year, the 5D diaper that is soft and flexible, breathable as much as any product out there except that the differences in the marketplace and while it's winning is that it protects better than the other products in the category, at least that is our perspective. And so that is getting traction in the premium tiers. But just to be clear, our volume in diapers was down in the quarter. It's just that it was growing significantly in the premium side of the business. That said, organic was up because of the volume differences and also because of some net pricing changes. So I think the business is heading in the right direction. We think the work that we are doing is to drive long-term sustainable growth.
Andrea Teixeira: That is helpful. Just on the follow-up with Maria, now I understand the contracts are one year set with suppliers, so can you kind of bridge to us because kind of last year was obviously a big hit. This year, what is your assumption for pulp embedded in your revised guidance?
Paul Alexander: Andrea, this is Paul. I would say, in general, there has been no change in how we forecast commodities. And so we are using the forecasters that you are doing well, including RECY and then we generally would line up with what they forecast.
Andrea Teixeira: And include the timing of the contracts, right? I'm assuming that they don't rollover the way your contracts roll, right? You can't have the spot prices because they're significantly lower now, but you can't embed it because of your contracts. Is that the way we should think?
Maria Henry: We have got both things that affect us, obviously with the market prices, and then as we have discussed, we also have contracts that affect what we report as commodity inflation for Kimberly-Clark. One you have visibility into, and the other one you don't.
Andrea Teixeira: Correct. Yes. But you are not ready to give us as you did in the past where you gave us exactly the price of the pulp at this point?
Maria Henry: If you are after what we are thinking in terms of our fiber commodity? What I would say is that, on eucalyptus, which is a major input for us on the fiber side, we have reduced our outlook range to $1,050 to $1,100 per metric ton, and that is down $75 per metric ton.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Olivia Tong with Bank of America.
Olivia Tong: Great. Thank you. Obviously, given your commentary around brand spend initiatives, a few questions there. Clearly that is helping support some of your pricing and mix initiatives. But when do you actually expect these initiatives to drive some improvement in volume? So that is the first question. And then second, just a little bit more around the new Huggies Special Delivery. Curious as to how you went about in terms of the thought process and the marketing around it because it's conveying a very different message versus what both you and your competitors have done in the past and it obviously stands up very dramatically on the shelf. So a little bit more color there would be helpful. Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Yes. On the brand investment, I think maybe the overall sale, Olivia, I think it has been working and that is a piece of the reason why it gives us the confidence to increase the investment in the back half. The example I will give you maybe is, if you talk about Brazil, pricing is up in the teens, volume is essentially a little bit less than flat. And so, while our assessment is, the elasticity has taken hold, but we have got a lot of other things going on that make that volume better than what the elasticity would've modeled, which is innovation. We have got growth initiatives on adult care and baby wipes that is getting very, very strong growth, and marketing behind those initiatives. And then, increased advertising spend or improved advertising on the diaper products. So, I think just kind of one example, but I think we have seen that and it's part of the reason why we have more confidence to spend more.
Paul Alexander: And then on Special Delivery, Mike?
Mike Hsu: Yes, Special Delivery, we are very excited about that. You can definitely see some different hands on the business. Very - maybe a contemporary look and feel. We have got a great young team on it that is kind of in tune with, I think, millennial mom and very well tested. The technology is terrific, it's a showcase of, I would say, maybe an enhanced approach from us, which is a partnership globally from a technology perspective. I mean, it takes the best of what we have been doing in North America, China, Korea and Latin America, and the team worked together to launch this product and we are very excited about all the features it has which is softness, skin protection, plant-based liner, a lot of free forms that make it more attractive to the consumer and then obviously the standout designs. Olivia?
Olivia Tong: Sorry, I was on mute. Just following up on Huggies Special Delivery, I know it's only been on shelf for a short time but any early color on retailer feedback so far? And did pipeline fill help at all in the quarter?
Mike Hsu: Yes, there is probably a little bit of pipeline, it's still relatively - we are still relatively early, so I wouldn't say the pipeline was huge and then again in the quarter. But retailer response has been very positive. I think they're very excited about obviously a look in the product quality and so got the expectations for Special Delivery. We are excited about it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Powers with the Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Hey, great. Thank you both. Just a quick follow-up on pulp. Maria, we have heard from others the idea of expected deflation from where we are now in the near-term followed by some level of tightening later in the year and into 2020. Is that your expectation as well or do you have an alternative view on where the underlying commodities trend?
Mike Hsu: That would be consistent with what we see and saying, Steve.
Steve Powers: Okay.
Mike Hsu: It's a little too early for us to talk about 2020 but we see those same forecast.
Steve Powers: Okay. Just to be clear, it's fair to assume that sort of embedded in the planning process?
Mike Hsu: Yes.
Maria Henry: Yes.
Steve Powers: Okay. Alright, great. And then, I guess, another follow-up on the reinvestments you are making above and beyond the incentive comp that you called out. It sounds like for the year it's mostly marketing with a bit more in people, processes and tools to further the ROIs you have been seeing and maybe counter some level of presumed competitive action as the industry benefits from costs. But Mike, in the past, we have also talked about Kimberly-Clark maybe being in a position to make some more assertive investments and assertive leading-edge investments in opportunity markets like India going forward, just a position in the company better for long-term growth. How are you thinking about that? Where do those types of initiatives rank in terms of the prioritization for future investment dollars?
Mike Hsu: Yes. Great question, Steve. And obviously, I think, as I mentioned earlier, I think what is changed over the past six months or so is the category conditions make investments, I think, more worthwhile or more productive, and we are seeing some of that across multiple markets. Most of the current investment that we are talking about for the second half is going into digital and capability building around revenue growth management and sales execution. So those are the near-term focus areas, but we do believe we have great opportunity to enhance our investment and categories, let's say, adult care globally, baby wipes, and then in markets like India. And so, working through those as a team, and I think we have got a lot of good opportunities to invest into and accelerate growth.
Steve Powers: Okay. I will pass it on. Thanks.
Mike Hsu: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Strycula with UBS.
Steve Strycula: Hi. Good morning and congrats on a good execution quarter.
Mike Hsu: Thanks, Steve.
Steve Strycula: So, a few quick questions. For Maria, I think I heard you say that on manufacturing expenses were going to be tracking a little bit higher than you expected versus the start of the year. What is driving it? I haven't heard a lot of other companies really speak to that.
Maria Henry: Sure. There is a number of items that affect what we call other manufacturing costs, which are general expenses that hit us in our manufacturing operations. They include things like fixed cost absorption, labor rate changes and inflation, product improvement investments and other one-time types of impacts such as write-offs or start-up costs associated with new equipment. It's not unusual that this is an inflationary area for us, but it is running a bit higher than we expected when we came into the year. Specifically, for the second quarter, we saw increases across all of those levers. We talked about our volumes being off a bit, which leads to fixed cost absorption impact. With our labor rates, all the inflation that we are seeing particularly out of Latin America affects the cost there. And then, one area which has a question on investment, one area where we are investing is in product improvement and we are investing there behind the innovations that we have been talking about. And those increased investments in product quality and improvements in innovation flowed through that line item. So that is what is going on there. And I would point to the fixed cost under absorption in the product investments as two of the drivers.
Steve Strycula: Okay. And as a follow up to that, if we think about the $150 million reduction to your initial inflation outlook. That is about $0.33 to earnings or 5 percentage points to EBIT dollars. And it feels like you are flowing through about a third of that to shareholders. So is it, Mike, that we just - this is a really good opportunity to address the wish list of things that you have that are actionable right now in the marketplace, including increasing on bonuses and why not out there or is this just conservatism as we think about the back half?
Mike Hsu: Yes, I mean, I you know, I think that our mass was somewhere between - flown through between a third to a half. But again, I think, part of it is the market opportunity and we think the conditions are good for us to invest. The brands are responding, and it's going to be productive for long-term health of the business. And so that is what we are doing that. Some of the comp stuff is more formulaic. Last year we were cutting comp and this year, it's just a math formula but it goes back up. So - but really the focus for us is about brand reinvestment in both, as Maria said, and products in the digital or in the marketing spending and then in some of the capability built.
Maria Henry: Yes. I think if you took compensation aside, it would look a bit more like two-thirds flowing through.
Steve Strycula: Okay. And to close out, Mike, can you just walk us through a few of the key geographies as to what is happening on the constant currency basis across Brazil, Argentina and China? Can you touch on at a high level on a few of them, just give us a little bit more texture as to what is happening in those markets?
Mike Hsu: Yes. Very solid growth. I think, in Brazil, double digit growth overall net selling price and mix were up in the teens. Volume was about down slightly, I would say, or almost even. Overall in Brazil, I think the market price has generally moved, although some local competitors have been lagging. The better expected than expected volume performance really is related to great execution. And when I say execution, it is the whole ball of wax, meaning it's the innovation, it's the marketing and then it's the selling. And all those things are working well for us. In addition, I think in a market like Brazil or Latin America more broadly, we have got very developed plans to expand kind of the categories in adult care and wipes and that is paying off this year. Argentina, I guess, I would say, high double digit organic growth. The volume decline was in the, I think, mid single digit level. So you could - again, you could chalk it up the same thing, which is I think the consumer has kind of reset their expectations for price, but also very strong end market execution of the teams to kind of reduce the volume impact that you would have expected from that level of pricing. So, Latin America, very strong performance from a revenue perspective. Central and Eastern Europe up almost 20% or a little bit over 20%, very strong performance in Ukraine and CIS. Russia continues to grow at a very good pace for us, although I will tell you, our share are little bit more under pressure there than we have experienced over the prior couple of years. But the formula there is also same thing, it'll be refrain innovation, marketing and greater in-market execution. ASEAN, up double digits. So we are feeling good about most of D&E markets.
Steve Strycula: Great, thank you.
Mike Hsu: Thanks, Stephen.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Caroline Levy with Macquarie Capital.
Caroline Levy: Good morning. Thank you so much. I have kind of a fun one first, which is, I was very surprised to see a black diaper package. Are young families no longer doing blue and pink for their babies, bedrooms and stuff? So if you could just talk about the logic behind black packaging?
Mike Hsu: Yes, Caroline, interesting, Yes. I was saying we have got some new hands on the business. I think that the team is attuned with kind of what millennial mom is looking for. The black packaging kind of is striking off the shelf. I will tell you, we have gotten strong retailer response to it. It is the first black packaging in the category and for us in the diaper category. Obviously, we have been black for a while in the fem care category. So, I think it's so far early returns I would say, even though it's too early to really say. But it's doing its job, which is it striking it's shelf. And it's got a great shelf impression. And I would say overall, a more contemporary look and feel. And I think we are trying to address millennial mom, and so far it seems like it's heading in the right direction.
Caroline Levy: Excellent. Thank you. So I wanted to just talk birth rates. I mean, I remember maybe a year-ago you are talking about a shocking decline in South Korea. We are reading about North America seeing birth rate declines. And yet you are able to put up some really good numbers despite that in some of your - in Sydney and North America. What do you think is going on and how do you deal with that as a long-term trend?
Mike Hsu: Yes. Still a decline, maybe a little less shocking than the numbers that you may recall. South Korea, I think a couple of years ago, it was a low double digit decline. I think this year it looks like maybe about a high single digit. So that is an improvement, but it's still down. And the driver in South Korea is slower family formation. I mean, in fact, marriages are still down. So, I think, that is when - that South Korea and North America similar birth rate has improved, but it's still down about in 2018 our estimates are down about 2%. And so, I think, in big developed markets, I think that is a trend that we have to deal with. And that is why you are seeing Huggies Special Delivery or some of the things we are trying to address. The big thing about Special Delivery is, it sells at a significant premium to all the other products in the category. And the reason we feel good about that, and it's pretty well tested, it's got a lot of benefits that consumers are looking for. And that falls in line with the strategy we are really driving, which is elevate the core, which is - you have got, in big developed markets, the way to grow them is to drive premiumization. But the only way to make premiumization work is if you make the products work more and worth paying that premium for and that is what we are trying to do.
Caroline Levy: Excellent. Thank you. And just regional pushback. I mean, you have talked about the fact that you haven't seen competitor dynamics change around the price increases. But I think there is quite a bit of fear that as retailers continue to try to compete with Amazon, they may come back to the manufacturers as costs come down and push back. Can you just address that? And this is history. Are you seeing anything different?
Mike Hsu: I don't know that we are seeing anything different. I think that is an ongoing issue, Caroline, in the industry. But it's also one that those of us who've been around for a long time have been dealing with for a long time. And so we are used to this dynamic and managing through it. I will say, like most retailers that we deal with, they're mostly interested in driving growth. And so, while they may not like pricing in some categories or some retailers, they do like growth. And so that is where we are focused on working with them and partnering on the right way to grow the category.
Caroline Levy: Got it. And just my last one, on K-C Professional, your Western Central Europe volume was down 8%. Can you just talk to what is going on there?
Mike Hsu: Yes. The biggest driver in KCP and I would say another solid quarter for K-C Professional organic overall was up 1% in North American developing in emerging markets were up 2%. I think the biggest thing is we are leading price in, you know, with our leadership position in KCP generally, not all markets have followed, but we feel like this is the right move for us and we recognize as a little stickiness competitively and there is going to be some volume impacts.
Caroline Levy: So you think that is temporary?
Mike Hsu: Yes. Well, we will see if it's temporary, but it's something that we are prepared to kind of deal with as we work through the year.
Paul Alexander: Caroline, I think what I would add to that is, focused on the net of price mix and volume, especially in that market. And if you do that across developed markets, we were down about 1%.
Caroline Levy: Got it, thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Good morning, everyone. Hey, Mike, congrats on a good result this quarter. Not to beat a dead horse, but I wanted to ask the question on the reinvestment a little bit differently. So the context, of course, company's results have not been when you have hoped over the past three years. So far so good first half of this year. But even, Mike, like as we look at the Nielsen data of market share trends, I suspect in the U.S. still not quite where you would hope. So the question is, as you are working through the quarter and thinking about how the business is progressing, what the guidance is going to be with pulp prices rolling over was there any thought to investing all of the upside to try to sustain the top-line, which arguably is going to drive the most value for shareholders over time? So the question is really around the adequacy of the reinvestment and how you were thinking about that because when we met with you early in the year, the thinking was, you were not going to do any sort of earnings reset because you didn't necessarily see the innovation pipeline sort of justifying it. So, sorry for going on a bit, but it's really around the adequacy of the reinvestment as you saw it and balancing that with the earnings flow through. And then, I have one follow up.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Kevin, I'm really glad you raised that. That is one area we have got to really focus on. And if there is one part of the quarter that we need to improve on is our share results, and we are a little bit behind what our expectations are. Part of that is related toward leading price or being first mover on price in a lot of our markets and categories. And so, we were in some ways expecting some share impact due to that. However, it's also a big reason why we wanted to drive this reinvestment here to shore up our share positions and make sure we are healthy for the long-term. I think we laid out on our Casey strategy 2022 that we are going to deliver our balanced value creation plan. And we think that this is an example of that.
Kevin Grundy: Okay. Alright. Fair enough, I can leave that, I guess. And then separately, you guys, of course, in tuck in M&A sort of picked up a bit here in the HPC space, particularly with an emphasis on personal care, largely skin care. Kimberly, of course, has not been very active on the M&A front in the past. And Mike, I think your commentary earlier was, we probably should not expect much of a change. I just wanted to kind of revisit that in the current environment. Is that still the course we should really sort of expect investment behind the business and returning cash to shareholders?
Mike Hsu: Yes, I don't think we would expect a significant change versus what we told you earlier this year. I mean, we like our categories. We still think there is a lot of growth potential in our categories, especially when you look at both our opportunity to elevate the categories and also to grow in D&E. However, we are going to continue to look at opportunities and we do that consistently. We have got a - it may not appear to be, but we have got a very active M&A and development team that is always looking at opportunities for us.
Kevin Grundy: Mike, would you care to comment just on what specific areas and or geographies?
Mike Hsu: Maybe I will pass for now, Kevin.
Kevin Grundy: Okay. I thought I would try. Alright. Thank you. Good luck.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we have no other questioners in the queue.
Paul Alexander: Alright. We appreciate everyone's questions today and thanks to the support from our shareholders. And we will speak with you next quarter. Thank you very much. Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that concludes this mornings presentation. You may disconnect your phone lines and thank you for joining us this morning.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-22 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience in holding. We now have your presenters in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today's presentation, we will open the floor for questions. At that time, instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question. It is now my pleasure to introduce today's first presenter, Mr. Paul Alexander.
Paul Alexander: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Mike Hsu, our Chief Executive Officer; and Maria Henry, our CFO. Heres the agenda for our call. Maria will start with a review of first quarter results. After that, Mike will provide his perspectives on our results and the outlook for the full year. We'll finish as usual with Q&A. We have a presentation of todays materials in the Investors section of our Web site. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. Finally, we'll be referring to adjusted results and outlook; both exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. That release has further information about these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. And now, I'll turn the call over to Maria.
Maria Henry: Thanks, Paul, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining the call. Let me start with the headlines for the quarter. Organic sales increased 3% driven by higher net selling prices. Adjusted operating profit and earnings per share were down low-single digits year-on-year. That said, we made solid progress with our margins compared to full year 2018 performance. Additionally, were on track with our overall capital plan and we continue to return cash to shareholders. Now lets cover the details of our results starting with sales. Our first quarter net sales were $4.6 billion. Thats down 2% year-on-year with a 5 point drag from currency rates. Organic sales were up 3% which is a good start relative to our full-year target for 2% growth. Net selling prices increased 4% and product mix improved 1% while volumes fell 2%. Mike will provide more color on our top line in just a few minutes. Moving on to profitability. First quarter adjusted gross margin was 33.5%, down 30 basis points year-on-year. First quarter adjusted operating margin was 17.4%, even with the year ago. Im encouraged that gross and operating margins were up 30 and 40 basis points, respectively, compared to full year 2018 levels. Commodities were a year-on-year drag of $135 million in the quarter. While that is still a meaningful amount, I was pleased to see market prices in North America for pulp, recycled fiber, and polymer fall a bit sequentially. Foreign currencies were also a headwind reducing operating profit by a low double-digit rate. Our focus on achieving higher net selling prices offset much of the commodity and currency headwinds we faced in the quarter. We also generated solid cost savings of $115 million. That includes $55 million of FORCE savings which was consistent with our plan, and $60 million of restructuring savings. On that, we continue to make good progress with our restructuring program. So far this year, weve announced the planned closure of two personal care facilities outside North America. Weve now announced 6 of the approximate 10 facilities that we intend to close or sell. Advertising spending was up in the quarter as we continue to support our brand. Even with that investment, total between-the-line spending was down 50 basis points to 16% of sales. The reduction was driven by our restructuring savings. Compared to the first quarter, I expect between-the-lines spending as a percent of sales to move up a bit for the full year. So all-in-all, adjusted operating profit was down 2%. On the bottom line, adjusted earnings per share were $1.66, down 3% year-on-year. That included an approximate 2% drag from a higher tax rate essentially offset by a lower share count. Lets turn to cash flow and capital efficiency. Cash provided by operations in the quarter was $317 million compared to $542 million in the year-ago quarter. The decrease was generally in line with our expectations and driven by higher working capital and restructuring payments. Capital spending was $316 million in the quarter. As expected, thats up from $189 million in the year-ago period and is driven by supply chain restructuring projects. We continue to allocate capital in shareholder friendly ways. First quarter dividends and share repurchases totaled $510 million, and we continue to expect the full year amount will be between $2 billion and $2.3 billion. Turning to our segments. In Personal Care, organic sales were up 5%. Net selling prices increased 2%, and volumes and product mix were each up more than a point. Personal Care operating margins were 21.3%, up 90 basis points year-on-year. The improvement was driven by organic sales growth and cost savings. In Consumer Tissue, organic sales were even with the year-ago period. Net selling prices increased 6% which was offset by lower volume. Consumer Tissue operating margins of 15.8% were even year-on-year. In K-C Professional, organic sales grew 3%. Selling prices rose 3% while a 1-point improvement in mix was offset by lower volumes. K-C Professional operating margins of 18.4% were down 60 basis points. Results were impacted by commodity inflation and currency headwinds, partially offset by higher pricing and cost savings. So all-in-all, were off to a solid start relative to our full year plan, and Im encouraged by our progress. Ill now turn the call over to Mike for his perspective on our results and outlook.
Michael Hsu: Thanks, Maria. Good morning, everyone. Im going to focus my comments on organic sales and our full year outlook and let me start by saying Im encouraged by our first quarter results. Were making strong progress realizing higher selling prices. Were launching innovations, investing in our brands and pursuing our growth priorities and were leveraging our strong financial discipline. As Maria just mentioned, we grew organic sales 3% in the first quarter which is a good start to the year. Overall, our pricing initiatives are on track and to date the impact on our volumes has been reasonable. Let me share some of the top line highlights for the quarter, starting with developed markets. Organic sales increased 1% in North American consumer products. In North American Personal Care, organic sales grew 3%. Volumes increased high-single digits in adult care with benefits from innovations, increased brand investment, and category growth. Volumes were up low-single digits across our baby and child care portfolio. In the first quarter, we increased selling prices on Pull-Ups training pants and premium Huggies diapers. Looking ahead, we have innovation on Poise pads coming this quarter and premium innovation on Huggies diapers that are going to hit the market this summer. In North American Consumer Tissue, organic sales were down 2% compared to a 5% increase last year that was driven by strong promotion activity. Net selling prices rose 7%. Our pricing plans are overall on track. Well continue to monitor the impact on our volumes and competitive activity, but we remain focused and confident on realizing the benefits of the price increases. In North American K-C Professional, organic sales increased 1% driven by solid price realization. Turning to developed markets outside North America, organic sales were up 1%. In South Korea, while our diaper business continues to be impacted by a lower birth rate, our other businesses are growing and offsetting that diaper categorys softness. We also had solid performance in Western and Central Europe in K-C Professional. In developing and emerging markets, organic sales rose 7% overall and that included nearly 3 points of growth from Argentina, which is consistent with our 2019 plan. In terms of our key Personal Care businesses, in Brazil, organic sales rose about 15% compared to a mid-single-digit increase in the base period. Growth was driven by higher selling prices while category volume remained sluggish. In China, organic sales were down high-single digits. Huggies diapers continues to be impacted by competitor price reductions that started last year. Nonetheless, volumes on our premium-tier Huggies were up driven by strong product innovation. In feminine care, we continue to grow at double-digit rates driven by our innovation, trade-up strategies and supported by strong digital marketing. In ASEAN, organic sales rose about 10% with the strength on Huggies diapers in Vietnam. Were rolling out improved Huggies in most ASEAN markets this year. In Eastern Europe, organic sales increased about 20% with volumes and selling prices both up nicely. Our momentum in this region reflects the combination of excellent sales execution, winning product innovation backed by great marketing. Were launching further innovations on Huggies and Kotex this year. While diapers remain our biggest business in D&E, Im pleased that in the first quarter we grew organic sales double digits in fem care, adult care and baby wipes. These businesses have strong growth opportunity and were making progress. Now in terms of digital marketing, were using digital on many of our brands to help us build one-to-one consumer relationships. Digital is improving our marketing ROI and helping us grow in markets like fem care in China and South Korea, diapers in Vietnam and adult care in North America. To summarize our top line, Im optimistic about our start to the year. We have more work to do and we continue to operate in a competitive environment. However, that said, Im encouraged with our progress thus far. Now moving beyond sales, Ill just build briefly on Marias comments about margins. While we need to make more progress, Im encouraged that first quarter performance was above our full year 2018 levels. Turning to the outlook. As we mentioned in this mornings new release, were confirming our previous outlook for 2019 which calls for 2% organic sales growth and adjusted earnings per share of $6.50 to $6.70. Were also maintaining the key planning assumptions we outlined in January. Our first quarter results has improved our earnings profile somewhat compared to our initial view of the year. That said, we still believe its more likely the earnings are going to be somewhat higher in the second half of the year compared to the first half. Our teams have a lot to execute over the next nine months and were going to continue to closely watch the overall environment. While we work to achieve our 2019 targets, well continue to pursue the longer-term balanced and sustainable growth opportunities that are all part of our K-C Strategy 2022. So in summary, were off to a solid start for the year, were confirming our full year outlook and were confident in our ability to create shareholder value. That concludes our prepared remarks. And now wed be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Hsu: Hi, Jason.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is actually Cody [ph] on for Jason today. How are you guys?
Michael Hsu: Hi, Cody. Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Can you provide us an update on your commodity outlook? Previously you stated 300 million to 400 million of inflation. Does that still hold? And can you also provide details by each commodity like you did last quarter?
Maria Henry: Sure. Cody, its Maria. On commodities, we had $135 million of headwinds in the quarter driven by pulp and other materials. That was slightly better than our expectations for the quarter with some relief on resin-based materials and recycled fibers. Distribution also remains inflationary in the quarter. We are holding our outlook at this point to $300 million to $400 million of inflation for the year. Its early in the year. Were just through the first quarter and while were encouraged by the North America market prices that have started to come down sequentially in areas like polymer, resin, eucalyptus, and recycled, it remains volatile and well have to see how this plays out. And as we think about the P&L impact of the commodity changes, we have to think about commodity inflation in relationship to price when we look at the P&L holistically. If I cover them kind of piece by piece, if we look at fiber with eucalyptus, it was down 1% year-on-year and down 4% sequentially. And were maintaining our outlook on eucalyptus for the year of 11.25 to 11.75 per metric ton for the full year average. On NBSK, we were up low teens year-on-year and we were down low-single digits sequentially. And when Im quoting these, Im quoting the market prices in North America for these commodities. And then on fluff, we were up or the market was up high-single digits year-on-year and down low-single digits sequentially. And on recycled fiber, those prices remained elevated. North America market was up more than 20%. However, it has fallen sequentially. It was down about 10% on recycled. In terms of the oil-based commodities that we have on polymer, the first quarter average price was down mid-teens versus a year ago. Were expecting a modest increase in price in the back half of the year for polymer, so well have to see what happens there. On super absorbent, we were or the market was up high-single digits versus year ago and relatively flat on a sequential basis. And finally, Ill point out that outside of North America, inflation continues to run at moderate levels particularly coming out of Latin America. So, were seeing some easing for the North America market prices. We still got inflation when you look at it outside of U.S. Its a very long answer. Hopefully that covers all the details you were looking for on what we think about what the markets are doing.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, thats very helpful. If I can sneak in one more question related to your commodity costs. Your initial FY '19 outlook assumed 400 million to 450 million cost savings with about 300 million to 325 million in FORCE. Does that still hold today? I assume it does based on your reiterated outlook. But if inflation proves to be less onerous than you initially thought, how should we think about your potential savings for FY '19 as the year progresses? Do you still expect to deliver at least 400 million in savings? Thank you and Ill pass it on.
Maria Henry: Yes, we do expect to continue to hold  to continue to deliver savings and we are holding our estimate in terms of the savings outlook for the year. I think that as you watch commodities and commodity inflation, the three to watch together are whats happening with currencies, commodities, and price when you think about the P&L, but the cost savings estimate remains unchanged.
Unidentified Analyst: And I just want to make sure thats unchanged even if commodities do roll over in greater force than we thought.
Maria Henry: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you very much.
Maria Henry: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks. Good morning. I want to talk to something, actually a little bit bigger picture was around innovation and news flow in the Personal Care categories, particularly in the U.S. I know Mike you mentioned that youve got innovation coming on Poise this quarter and something on Huggies over this summer. But I was just  I feel like the pace of activity in these categories has dramatically stepped up both from largest competitor, from Procter, but even from retailers and also all the upstart brands that seem to be gaining some traction. So could you just talk a little bit about how youre thinking about the right level of news flow and activity, your interest in kind of smaller brands in sort of natural organic, and any detail that you can offer on the Huggies innovation this summer would really be helpful? Thanks.
Michael Hsu: Okay. Thanks, Lauren. Maybe Ill start with the last one. I probably  Im not ready to share details on the launch this year. I will tell you its a premium Huggies diaper and thats kind of the general space, and its consistent with our overall strategy in Personal Care overall but especially in diapers which is we think there are opportunities for us to deliver improved benefits, especially on the dimensions of comfort, fit, protection, and all the things that you would expect. I think in terms of  the overall strategy really does highlight the need for more impactful innovation and we are ramping up our efforts. And I know we just kicked off our K-C Strategy 2022 approach with our team earlier this last quarter, rolled that out with our top executives, and then were now deploying regional teams and cross-functional teams around the world to kind of get after it. I would tell you though that while were just launching it now, weve been kind of working it for probably the past year or so, and so some of the things that youre seeing in market like some of the product launches or the launch were talking about in North America this summer are a product of some of the teams working over the past year to accelerate some of this opportunity. So overall, a big opportunity on innovation. I think with your question on natural and organic, it is  Id say North America right now its still probably a niche opportunity or a smaller one to two, three share type opportunity and something that were going to continue to look at. I think the question around small brands and big markets like North America is a really relevant question because we still keep tabs  Maria and I still keep tabs on the food side and we know what some of the smaller brands have done there. And so I think for us there is a question about whether theres an opportunity for us there and there may be. But were not ready to share details on that yet. We are doing a pretty good job on pursuing natural organic in our Korean business which thats a market where I think is one of the most sensitive about chemicals and contaminants of any market in the world and weve gotten a number of brands and theyre doing very, very well and more than just a couple share points.
Lauren Lieberman: Mike, is there a reason why you wouldnt have already done a sort of lift and shift them with some of the things youre pointing out with Korea, South Korea having long been a lead market for you guys in terms of innovation, in terms of market share to move quicker with taking kind of whats working there with a very, very discerning group of consumers and moving quicker to bring it to other markets to bring it to the U.S., for example?
Michael Hsu: Yes, great question. Definitely and I think thats the focus going forward was  I like your term faster lift and shift or well say adopt and apply, but thats part of it. And I think you will see some of that natural product flow into the U.S. perhaps in fem care later this  at some point. And then also I think this diaper that we  that I talked about thats coming out this summer in North America really is a joint Asia-Pac North America development and a feature kind of the new way were trying to work which is more collaboratively around the world.
Lauren Lieberman: Have you started to sell that into retail yet, because also its funny to see, right, theres news flow from Target, theres Walmart with Hello Bello, right. Theres just  the retailer  even Target today with not so much in diapers but I think it went into paper products, this new product launch that theyve announced today. They seem to be charting their own course in what may well be a niche opportunity, maybe its big but just curious of those conversations, how much they want to sort of go their own way versus opening up shelf space for you guys to be bringing some of this news flow in maybe a little bit again behind where theyve been themselves?
Michael Hsu: Yes, so on your first point we havent started selling this product in yet with customers which is why Im not sharing that many details on it right now. I will tell you though we do have the collaborative discussions with most of our major retailers or all of our major retailers and theyre still very receptive to big brands and big innovation. They are pursuing some other opportunities. But I think well work with them as partners kind of leading these categories.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. Ill pass it on and come back if Ive got the time. Thank you.
Michael Hsu: Thanks, Lauren.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nik Modi with RBC.
Michael Hsu: Hi, Nik.
Operator: One second, it looks like his line dropped. Give me just a moment.
Nik Modi: Hello.
Operator: All right. Nik, youre lines open.
Michael Hsu: Hi, Nik.
Nik Modi: Okay. Thank you. Hi. How are you? Sorry about that. I guess there was a nice over delivery at least relative to consensus this quarter and Mike I guess its a philosophical question as you think about your first year as CEO and when you think about the priorities, clearly given the level of disruption in the marketplace just generally across the CPG landscape, theres all this stuff to spend money on, right, capabilities, innovation, et cetera, et cetera. So Im just curious like on your thoughts on how you think about the goals for the year in terms of, hey, we can hit the high end of guidance, make commodity costs coming down or hey, look, theres a lot to spend. This is the first year. Lets go get it. I just was hoping you can give some guidance around how you think about that.
Michael Hsu: Well, I guess maybe my near-term focus is on delivering the midterm objectives we outlined in January, right. And I do think maybe  and this is maybe the company culture which is we want to deliver consistent, predictable and positive earnings growth and sales growth. So I think this quarter was a solid quarter for us and were encouraged by it, especially encouraged by the price realization and the margin improvement, but its a step along the way. I will point out, Nik, though I think a couple of bright spots for us on the quarter were we saw broad improvement across a broad range of markets all improving; the U.S., Brazil, Central/Eastern Europe, ASEAN, UK, Western Europe, India. So I think we got a lot of markets heading in the right direction, so thats a good thing. And then obviously with the pricing being on track, thats obviously helping the shape of our P&L.
Nik Modi: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: Hi, guys. So I have two questions on top line and then one on free cash flow. First from a Personal Care top line perspective, if you think about PCNA and then the Personal Care outside North America, so the developed markets together, it looks like the price mix flattish for NA and then down 3 for outside North America developed markets, so its negative on average. Volumes were good so Im not denying that and thats excellent. But I just was scratching my head a little bit in terms of price mix element there given whats happened to commodities obviously going up, given that youre spending on advertising, given that we hear everything about the competitive situation being more benign yet unable to take price in the Personal Care area in developed markets, but just wanted your perspective on that. Is that diagnostic fair, maybe comment about market share along the way? It just struck me as why not take more pricing in that area in particular?
Michael Hsu: Yes, probably Ali the biggest thing is maybe a bit of a lag on Personal Care in North America, thats probably the biggest mover and driver that we have which is were doing most of our pricing on diapers through a pack count change and that started rolling through at the end of the first quarter and its still rolling through now. And so we had a big rollover. It took a little time for us to get that lined up and so thats probably why youre not seeing as much price now. But that we expect will continue to improve as the year goes on.
Paul Alexander: And Ali, this is Paul and in developed markets outside North America, broadly speaking Id say there hasnt been a lot of pricing in the marketplace in Personal Care so this is Western and Central Europe, Australia and South Korea. The price declined in Q1, came primarily in South Korea where given the decline in the birth rate, there has been a bit of a pickup in everyone competing to pursue growth in a pie thats getting a little bit smaller over time. In terms of shares, you asked about in North America across diapers and pants combined or the mega category, if you will, our shares on an outlook basis are even year-on-year and that might be a little bit better than youre seeing in the tracked data because we continue to do strong in non-measured channels, including club and e-commerce.
Ali Dibadj: Okay, thats helpful. Thank you. And then on Consumer Tissue both North America and developed markets, almost the opposite question, right, where youre seeing very significant pricing, I get it because of the commodity costs but the elasticity looks a little bit tougher particularly North America, so the downtown and CT as we call it ONA or outside North America down about 3. Can you talk a little bit about how thats going to continue throughout the year? Is that kind of the right balance or do you think theyll be a better balance going forward?
Michael Hsu: Yes, I think maybe the first point is that with regard to Q1 we are cycling a pretty big set of events that we had in the plans last year. For reference I think our volume was up almost 10% in Tissue in North America first quarter last year and overall organic was up I think over 5%. And so we are cycling that. We took those promotions out of the plan this year. So its not that its a timing difference, its just out of the plan. And so I think the Q1 this year therefore in that effect, I would say right now the elasticity effect is probably as we predicted. We had a separate promo change that is as predicted and so overall were on. I think the one thing for us to watch out is overall I think the pricing is on track and the volume is in line with our expectations to date. The one thing we are keeping our eye on is I think some of the other private labels or some of the smaller brands have not  we havent seen the price move up yet and so its a little sticky on the upswing, so were keeping our eye on that. Well be ready to adjust our plans as necessary to make sure that we protect our share long term.
Ali Dibadj: Okay. And just my last question on the free cash flow point, you said in expectations that working capital was up. But I want to get a better sense of your free cash flow conversion here. It looked a little bit tougher what we should expect going forward for the year and kind of whats going to make that change? Thank you.
Maria Henry: Sure. On cash flow, it was down year-on-year for the first quarter. It was in line with what we expected. We had higher working capital and we had an increase in restructuring cash payments. In working capital thats really the big driver when you look at the numbers in the first quarter and there were a number of factors that went into that. On the payable side we had a stronger than expected finish to 2018 and those entire payables got paid out in the first quarter. On the receivable side we had a number of factors including the timing of the sales and also the higher level of sales and we ended the quarter on a Sunday, so we lose two days on collections which causes a run up in that balance. And then finally on inventories, as we expected, as we get into the supply chain portion of the restructuring program there are inventory build in advance of moving equipment or basically taking equipment offline. So we expected that to happen and we saw all of those factors play out in the first quarter. And for the year as we said in January we would expect cash from operations to be down slightly year-on-year.
Ali Dibadj: Okay. Thanks very much, guys.
Maria Henry: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Wells Fargo.
Bonnie Herzog: All right. Thank you. Good morning. I had a question on your full year organic sales growth guidance of 2% which actually implies a bit of a deceleration on the top line through the balance of the year but your comps do get easier in the next couple of quarters. So I guess I want to understand if we should interpret your guidance as maybe conservative or if theres something else that we should be aware of that could cause growth to moderate? And then Im just thinking about this in the context of you guys maybe lapping some of the higher promos you had last year.
Michael Hsu: Bonnie, maybe Ill start and maybe Maria can chime in. But were making solid progress but we still have plenty of work to do to make sure that we have a strong 2019. So while were encouraged with the start theres a lot we have ahead of us. I just said to Nik we have broad improvement across a lot of markets, were still in the early days of price and as I mentioned to Ali just now we are watching elasticity and alignment effects are kind of in line with our expectations, maybe even actually slightly better in D&E especially. The thing that we are watching now is competitive pricing, it does seem to be a little sticky on the way up and so were keeping our eye on that. So I wouldnt know  I think were calling it down the middle which is what we believe and 2% for us is a reasonable number. Weve got nine months to go. Theres a lot of work ahead for all of our teams.
Bonnie Herzog: Okay. And then if I could I just wanted to circle back on innovation with a couple of quick questions. First, your full innovation pipeline this year, would you characterize it as more back half weighted or do you think pretty evenly spread throughout the year as you roll out new products? And then second, curious how margin accretive some of the new innovation is and was that possibly a key driver behind the sequential improvement you saw in your margins during the quarter? And then what could we expect in the future? Thanks.
Michael Hsu: Yes, I think maybe a touch tilted to the back half but I would say overall fairly balanced, although I think the impact that were getting now is still from some of the benefits in innovation we launched last year. So we have an uptick, for example, in North American adult care where I think were up high single digits in the quarter organically. That was on the backs of innovation that we launched last year with this discrete sizing which has taken a little while to get traction in the marketplace but its getting that traction now. So I think we have a pretty robust innovation plan. Its balanced across quarters. In terms of the accretiveness, I dont have the exact number but I think the strategy is to elevate our categories where that means premiumizing our categories by making it worth it, so with premium innovation in general were aiming to move to a higher price point hopefully accretive.
Paul Alexander: And I think Bonnie that bares out if you look at the sales changes in the quarter, mix was up as a company one point and it was up essentially between half a point and a point in all three segments. So to Mikes strategy comment I think were making good early progress.
Bonnie Herzog: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Olivia Tong with Bank of America.
Olivia Tong: Great. Thanks. Good morning. I want to talk a little bit about marketing spend. You talked a lot about that last quarter and when we met in February and obviously you mentioned that it was up this quarter. So can you discuss some of the things that you did this quarter whether its tradition or digital, where is the lion share of the dollar spend going and then just a little bit of order of magnitude of the increase and from this point forward are you expecting it? Was Q1 sort of a high watermark and then it sort of normalizes from here or is it just a start and we should actually expect it to continue to increase as the year progresses? Thank you.
Maria Henry: Sure, Olivia, Ill start and then Mike can jump in. In terms of our advertising spend, on the P&L it was up in the first quarter and we have an expectation that for the full year it will also be up year-on-year. And that is encouraging because not only is it up but as we shift more of it to digital and as we continue our work to drive down the non-working portion of the advertising expense, the actual consumer impressions that were getting from that spend is up as well. And so good support behind the brands and the innovations. Mike, I dont know if you want to talk more about what were doing in advertising.
Michael Hsu: Yes. Olivia, I think maybe a couple of things which is one, overall Id say with a couple of key brands most notably in North American adult care and in diapers I think increased levels of brand investment overall and brand support. And then most specifically it is weighted to digital. And so some of the stuff that were seeing and the reasons why were growing faster perhaps in non-measured channels is the strong digital investments that were making in search and thats paying strong returns for us and doing very well. We also have pretty good content now that we feel good about in terms of the messaging were putting out there and were rolling out some new advertising on Cottonelle which I think is being right now very, very effective. So overall I think we feel good about kind of where we are. We know we can do better still, but looking forward to the progress.
Olivia Tong: And should we expect this to increase this year as you talked about the upcoming innovation both in adult care and Huggies?
Maria Henry: The benefit of innovations this year, is that the question? Youre kind of breaking up.
Olivia Tong: Im sorry. In terms of the increase in advertising, should we expect that to  Im sorry, within advertising, are we expecting to increase advertising as the year progresses especially as you fund or as you support innovation thats coming?
Maria Henry: Okay. As you know we only disclose the advertising number I think once a year and I dont want to get into how the quarters are going to flow. So suffice it to say that it was up on the P&L in the first quarter and we would expect for the whole year that it will be up also.
Olivia Tong: Got it. And then just lastly on pricing, can you talk about how much of the pricing benefit you would attribute to just straight list price increases related to commodities versus some of the things that youre working on with respect to trade efficiency and innovation?
Michael Hsu: Yes, I think thats an overall mix. I think in Q1 maybe  and I dont have an exact number but I would say the vast majority of it is some form of straight pricing whether its list or pack count changes. But I think those are probably the big buckets for us right now. Were making progress especially in North America on trade efficiency and we have some programs there. I dont know how much would show up in the P&L right now, but I know its a big priority for the organization and theyre doing a good job with it.
Olivia Tong: Great. Thank you.
Michael Hsu: Thanks, Olivia.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Michael Hsu: Hi, Andrea.
Andrea Teixeira: Hi. Good morning. So can you comment a little bit on the 15% organic growth in Brazil? I appreciate the detail. And it was driven by pricing and I believe you were lapping this price increase in the third quarter, just want to check that. So one of these competitors are now finally following or they are retrenching given the commodity pressures are finally easing now? And also a follow-up question for Maria on the cash flow. I appreciate the detail on the cash conversion side and the working capital. I was wondering if she can explain a little bit more of the CapEx and the timing aspects of it. Thank you.
Michael Hsu: Okay, Andrea, maybe Ill start with Brazil. First of all, the teams doing a great job down there and were experiencing strong growth in what I would characterize is a very challenging consumer environment. Our Personal Care organic volume was up as we said about 15%. Net selling prices were up double digits and volume was up low single digits, Andrea. So I think were not defying the laws of gravity there or elasticity there. I think the market pricing overall is generally moving in the right direction. But I would say theres a handful of local competitors that are lagging a little bit. The better than expected volume performance, however, is really a result of maybe great commercial execution which is strong sales execution, a great brand value proposition and good advertising I would say overall working together and thats what the team is doing. Its why building out commercial capability in our K-C Strategy 2022 is so important. Theres a number of markets that look like theyre defying the laws of elasticity but really it comes down to strong commercial execution and this was one of them.
Andrea Teixeira: I appreciate it.
Maria Henry: Go ahead, Andrea.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you, Maria. So I appreciate Mike when you said  in the initial comments I think you said sluggish, so I wasnt sure if it was negative. So youre saying volumes are still up in the low single digits in Brazil which is encouraging. Okay, perfect.
Michael Hsu: Andrea, the volume was down low single digit.
Andrea Teixeira: Down, okay.
Michael Hsu: Pricing was up double digits, pretty strong double digits and volume was down low single digits, but I would say way better than what the elasticity model would have said.
Andrea Teixeira: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Maria Henry: And then on CapEx at 316 million in the quarter, thats in line with our expectations and it reflects the supply chain portion of the restructuring program really kicking into gear this year. So we continue to expect 1.1 billion to 1.3 billion on CapEx for the year and you started seeing some of that come through in the first quarter.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you, Maria.
Maria Henry: Thank you.
Michael Hsu: Thanks, Andrea.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Thanks. I guess I wanted to start on U.S. Personal Care where the strength was really notable relative to at least what weve seen in scan data. So just maybe some comments on that and whether thats strengthen on track channels or whether thats an element of shipments running ahead of consumption, just how you saw the growth this quarter and how we should kind of think about that momentum going forward?
Michael Hsu: Steve, thanks for that question. Definitely I think strengthen in non-measured channels, overall the mega category was up about 2 points in the quarter. Our share overall as Paul mentioned was about flat. Huggies was up low single digits and I think thats really been driven by strong product performance and as we were just talking about increased brand investment and brand support. Growth was especially strong in non-measured channels and that for us is club and primarily e-comm and club. And its worth mentioning we got a very strong digital program in e-commerce across all our customers and I think thats really working a good effect right now. So were encouraged by the progress in Personal Care. Pull-Ups is up high single digits as well. Our adult care business is up high single digits and so its moving in the right direction.
Steve Powers: Okay, great. And then I guess my broader question was just to get you maybe Mike to expand a little bit more on how youre thinking about the medium term, the duration of K-C Strategy 2022, because building out this quarter as you say it sounds like  it looks like youre ahead of schedule. The tone today is deservedly very confident as a result. But on the other hand you called out you still have a lot of improvement initiatives underway, macro competitive conditions remain hard to call and stepping back year-over-year operating profits in dollar terms have yet to inflect positive. They should I agree as you move forward, but it just seems like the pricing which was great this quarter is tied to FX and cost inflation and if those come in lighter. How do you assess your ability to hold on to todays pricing and bank some of the productivity that you have underway in order to flow through better dollar-based bottom line results versus having to reinvest to sustain volume share versus competition? And Im not really so focused on next quarter, even this year but thinking really about what the evergreen model is over the course of that medium-term strategy?
Michael Hsu: I think Steve as I mentioned when we were together, Im really excited about the growth opportunities the company has ahead of it. And really for me the three big strategies of what I call elevate the core which is premiumizing our categories with value-added innovation or capturing the growth or leading the development of developing and emerging markets and then building this consumer digital relationship I think are really kind of robust growth opportunities that are really, really good for us. I think to accelerate our progress weve outlined a handful of capability areas that have to do with innovation or doing a better job on innovation, sales execution, our digital execution and also revenue growth management or pricing management. So those are four big planks. I would say one of the reasons why were encouraged with our progress in Q1 is were starting to build and improving in these four areas that I just outlined on the commercial capability and its starting to play through. I mentioned Brazil where our 15% organic is driven by pricing but its also driven by strong execution. Were seeing the same across ASEAN where weve got good double digit growth, price increasing but volume also going up. Central and Eastern Europe is doing the same thing. So I think overall its putting all these pieces together for us which is the core of the strategy and were going to stay focused on delivering consistent growth.
Steve Powers: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Herb Eppich: Hi. Good morning, guys. This is Herb Eppich on for Kevin. One quick one just on restructuring, so specifically 60 million in savings for the quarter and your outlook for 100 million to 125 million for the year. So savings has been building sequentially for the last couple of quarters but outlook assumes that this should slow. So is there anything we should be aware of, maybe any phasing or shifting into the first quarter? Any commentary there would be helpful. Thank you.
Maria Henry: Yes, we had 60 million in the quarter which is a good savings number for us. But youll recall that we had no savings in the first quarter of last year as the restructuring program was announced in January of last year and then it took some time to ramp up. If you look at the 60 in relationship to the expectation for the year of 100 million to 125 million, when we start to get into the second quarter we will be lapping quarters where we were building savings through 2018. And so thats really the driver.
Herb Eppich: Okay. Thats all. Thank you.
Michael Hsu: Thank you.
Paul Alexander: Okay. Thanks, Herb.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Strycula with UBS.
Steve Strycula: Hi. Good morning and congratulations on a good quarter.
Michael Hsu: Hi, Steve.
Steve Strycula: So I had a question, the last quarter you mentioned that there might be some lumpiness on the quarter-to-quarter trend and first quarter clearly came in well ahead of what a lot of the investment community was expecting. So is there any lumpiness you would be mindful of for like Q2 or like the balance of the year in terms of sell-in versus sell-out particularly as you start lapping some of the price increases that you phased in towards end of last year?
Maria Henry: Yes, Ill make a comment and then Mike can jump in. We dont give quarterly guidance but a few things that Id say keep in mind. We have some benefits in the first quarter with the Lunar New Year happening and we typically have a strong first quarter around that. As we move into the second quarter, Kleenex will be kind of out of season in terms of cold and flu. And then the final thing as Mike mentioned earlier, the pricing just went in on diapers here in the first quarter. So I think we havent seen how all of this is going to play out in our numbers and we commented that we expect the second half to be somewhat in relationship to the first half. So that kind of gives you a lot of different things to think about as you think about how youre going to layout your expectations on the quarters.
Steve Strycula: Okay, great. Mike a follow up for you. How should we think about  it seems like volume trends were generally better than what you were expecting. Did you guys have success in winning some planograms that were some key callouts youd want to shed light on? And then what key emerging markets if any would you say were sequentially the end market demand just improved quarter-on-quarter? Thank you.
Michael Hsu: Steve, I think maybe the second part first. I would say broadly across most markets demand improved versus where it was maybe last quarter. And so if you go through the markets, CE was up about strong double digits for us; ASEAN was up double digits; obviously Brazil we already mentioned; Argentina obviously a big number; India were up double digits as well; China fem care up another strong robust double digit quarter; China diapers obviously still down but I think improving sequentially behind our new product improvements. So I think across the broad array of markets improving. And I think in North America again improved commercial execution. There probably are some distribution changes here and there and I think we made some progress in some areas. But the other part of it is better product performance. And we have made improvements broadly across diapers, across adult care both on Depend and Poise. Poise is just shipping this quarter. Our Cottonelle bath tissue, Scott Comfort Plus is all gaining increased consumer traction. So were feeling good about kind of the innovation piece of the puzzle.
Steve Strycula: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge Research.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning. Thanks very much.
Michael Hsu: Hi, Jonathan.
Jonathan Feeney: You had a little drop in developing and emerging market volume in both Personal Care and Tissue, just the volume piece and I know there was a ton of pricing in there driven by commodities. But can you update us on the market level volume growth roughly in your developing and emerging market portfolio overall and was that a gain  a loss of volume share and who would pick up that volume share? Im looking at the demographics. It would seem to me there would be ongoing volume growth in those markets. Thanks.
Paul Alexander: Yes, Jonathan, maybe Ill start just to put the volume decline and a little bit of context and then Mike can give obviously more color. If you looked at across our total D&E line up and set aside China and Argentina, our volumes would have been up a little bit in the quarter which given the inflationary pricing environment we are all facing and consumers are facing, that was a pretty solid outcome.
Michael Hsu: Yes, so overall I think we feel good about where the markets are heading. We feel good about our commercial execution broadly across D&E and I think most of the volume declines were related to price changes.
Jonathan Feeney: So did others not  am I right that theres a little bit of share loss there and did others not take that pricing? Im just curious like what the competitive dynamics are in the wake of it.
Michael Hsu: Yes, I think its market by market but I would say as a general rule of thumb I would say the major branded competitors moved in line with us or some ahead of us and then you have some stickiness in local competitors or some of the smaller players. And so were keeping a sharp eye on that.
Jonathan Feeney: Very helpful. Thank you very much.
Michael Hsu: Okay.
Paul Alexander: Thanks, Jonathan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Michael Hsu: Hi, Ali.
Ali Dibadj: Hi. Thanks for the follow up. I just want to touch base on China in a little bit more detail. I know you put it in the prepared remarks and the PowerPoint, but can you give us just some more color about whats going on there from a pricing perspective? We clearly see the volumes as well. But thats been a hotspot recently. Just want to get an update please. Thank you.
Michael Hsu: Yes. Thanks, Ali. I would say in diapers pricing is kind of about where it was last quarter. So overall for us our premium Huggies is gaining traction behind the innovation that we talked about last quarter and our fem care continues the really strong momentum. Were really not satisfied with our performance yet but were making progress. Our Personal Care organic sales were down high single digit which is improvement versus the prior quarter. The competitive activity on price remains elevated. It remains kind of where pricing has been. But I think specifically in our teams view and my view is the consumers in that market are still looking for better solutions and our improved tier 5 and 6 diapers are gaining traction. They were up significantly in volume and up in value as well. And well be rolling out that technology that we put into that across other tiers and other channels this year. So were building for the long term and Im really feeling good about what the team is doing there.
Ali Dibadj: Thank you. But what do you think the competitive situation is looking like whether it be from the regional players there, Japanese in particular or from P&G?
Michael Hsu: Well, were still seeing pricing suppressed and then we are getting wind of some additional product introductions. We dont have visibility on everything yet. But obviously I think products and technology still matters a lot in China and thats what the consumers are looking for and thats why youre seeing the response in this in the premium tiers.
Ali Dibadj: Okay. Thanks very much.
Michael Hsu: Thanks, Ali.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Caroline Levy with Macquarie.
Caroline Levy: Thank you so much. A couple of things. How important is the roll price of oil which is up so much to the outlook for polymers?
Maria Henry: Yes, the price on oil has gone up and so when we think about our outlook on commodities, overall as I went through in the beginning of the call, 10 of our puts and takes on the fiber-based commodities and other material commodities, the oil prices definitely have us watching the market. The relationship between oil prices and the exact commodities that we buy has not been as correlated as of late as it had been historically, but it certainly does have us remaining cautious on the full year outlook for the oil-based derivative materials that were using. So its kind of mixed with the sequential improvements that were seeing in some areas, but with the oil run up were just keeping an eye on it.
Caroline Levy: Right. Thank you, Maria. And could you elaborate a little bit on the outlook for transport?
Maria Henry: Sure. Distribution costs were up. They continue to be inflationary for us. They were higher a year ago and distribution costs are a meaningful portion of our overall cost of sales and the outlook for the year assumes that we will have distribution inflation for the full year. But it hasnt changed from what our position was when we talked to you in January. And I should note the increases on distribution costs are global.
Michael Hsu: Yes. And the other note Ill make, Caroline, is that last quarter or at the end of fourth quarter of '18, we did have some additional expenses because of some distribution challenges. I think our team is making progress there and we are improving.
Caroline Levy: Thats great. Thank you. If I might, just a couple more. Could you comment on Mexico? It doesnt look like things have improved there in the way they have in Brazil, but maybe Im missing something. And then the last one would be to discuss your overall  how you think about development of private label, just whether you see it as a significant longer-term or medium-term threat and whether you would consider participating in it in any way?
Michael Hsu: Maybe the last one first, Caroline. We do do a bit of private label right now. Its not a strategic part of our business but it is in certain instances we will produce some private label. We generally dont have the capacity of taking on as a big strategic bet especially given the amounts of capital we got to put in generally I think is not necessarily a great return on our capital to invest in on that type of capacity. However, I will say were moderating it closely because especially in North America right now in bath tissue Id note that private label is up a bit and pricing has not moved upwards yet on a lot of private label, so were keeping a sharp eye on that. Well be able to adjust our plans if necessary.
Maria Henry: And then on Mexico were not going to comment because they havent released yet. But what I would say is if you look at equity company contributions its relatively flat year-on-year.
Caroline Levy: Yes, I saw that. Then if I might just sneak in one more on China. What percentage of your business there is premium, because I thought you largely only played premium but your total sales are still down?
Michael Hsu: Yes, the most two premium tiers for us, Caroline, are a little bit more than half our total Huggies diaper business.
Caroline Levy: Thanks so much.
Michael Hsu: Okay. Thanks, Caroline.
Maria Henry: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we have no further questioners in the queue.
Michael Hsu: All right. Well, we appreciate everyones questions today and we will speak with you next quarter. Thank you very much and have a great day. Bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes this mornings presentation. You may disconnect your phone lines and thank you for joining us this morning.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-23 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience and holding. We now have your presenters in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today's presentation, we will open the floor for questions. At that time, instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow if you'd like to ask an audio question. It is now my pleasure to introduce today's first presenter, Mr. Paul Alexander.
Paul Alexander: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's year-end earnings conference call. With us today are Mike Hsu, our Chief Executive Officer and Maria Henry, our CFO. This morning Maria will discuss our 2018 results and 2019 outlook. Mike will then talk about our medium term strategic priorities and financial objectives. Our remarks will be a little longer than normal this morning, but we'll finish as usual with Q&A. And we would ask each analyst to limit their questions to just a few, so we can get to everyone efficiently. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. Lastly, we'll be referring to adjusted results and outlook; both exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. That release has further information about these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. Now, I'll turn the call over to Maria.
Maria Henry: Thanks, Paul. Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining the call today. Let me start with the headlines on our full year results. We delivered 3% organic sales growth in the fourth quarter and a 1% increase for the full year consistent with our target. It was a challenging macro environment and our profitability was impacted by significant commodity inflation and currency volatility. Nonetheless, we delivered significant cost savings and achieved higher selling prices in the second half of the year and we improved capital efficiency and returned significant cash to shareholders. Now, let's take a look at the details of our results. Starting with sales, full year net sales were $18.5 billion, up 1%. Organic sales rose 1% and that included about 2 points of positive pricing in the second half of the year. Looking at the top-line by geography, in North America, organic sales in consumer products increased 1% that was driven by an increase of more than 1% in personal care including solid volume growth in baby care and adult care. In K-C Professional in North America, organic sales increased 3% driven by higher volumes in all major product categories. In developing an emerging market, organic sales rose 2%. In terms of key Personal Care markets, organic sales increased double digits in Eastern Europe and ASEAN and mid-single digits in Latin America, but fell low-teens in China. In developed markets outside of North America, organic sales rose 1%. Moving on to profitability, full year gross margin was 33.2%, down 270 basis points year-on-year. Commodities were drag of $795 million. That was an all-time high and well above our initial planning assumption coming into 2018 of $300 million to $400 million. Foreign currencies were also head winds. Those two factors combined reduced operating profit by high 20's percent. We delivered full year cost savings of $510 million including our FORCE and Restructuring program. Restructuring savings were $135 million well above our initial target of $50 million to $70 million. We made excellent progress in the first year of this program and we remain on track with our overall plan. While FORCE cost savings of $375 million were substantial, we did have a soft fourth quarter. Performance in the quarter included elevated transportation and distribution cost in North America particularly in Consumer Tissue, along with some higher manufacturing related operating costs. These factors are controllable for us and we will manage through them as we go through 2019. Moving down the P&L, between-the-lines spending fell 130 basis points as a percent of net sales, reflecting restructuring benefits tight management and discretionary spending and secondarily lower incentive compensation. Adjusted operating margin was 17%, down 140 basis points and adjusted operating profit fell 7%. Our adjusted effective tax rate in 2018 was 21% that was down significantly year-on-year and below our original plans. Full year adjusted earnings per share was $6.61, up 6% year-on-year and driven by the lower tax rate. Our October guidance was for earnings per share of $6.60 - $6.80. Now, let's turn to cash flow and capital efficiency. Cash provided by operations was $3 billion, up slightly year-on-year. We reduced working capital cash conversion cycle by five days and we improved adjusted return on invested capital by 240 basis points, ending the year at 26.5%. On capital allocation, dividends and share repurchases totaled $2.2 billion. That's the eighth consecutive year we've returned at least $2 billion to shareholders. Now, let me turn to our 2019 outlook. We expect the environment will remain challenging, although somewhat better than in 2018. We're targeting to deliver a solid improvement in our operating performance that includes higher organic sales growth compared to our 2018 performance and improved operating profit and margins. On the top-line, total sales are expected to decline 1% to 2% that includes an expected 3% to 4% headwind from currencies. We plan to grow organic sales by 2% that's similar to our expectation for overall market growth. We expect higher net selling prices of at least 3%. Our progress in the back half of 2018with price realization bodes well our 2019 plans. Given the overall level of pricing, we expect to achieve or planning for some negative volume impacts particularly in Consumer Tissue. We've a number of innovation launches in our plan and we'll support our brands with strong marketing programs. Moving beyond sales, we plan to grow adjusted operating profit by 1% to 4%. At the midpoint of our guidance targets that implies margin improvement of 70 basis points. On average, we expect commodities and currencies in total will be a headwind on operating profit of about 20%, including a high single digit drag from currency rates. We expect to offset much of that with higher pricing. We expect commodity inflation of $300 million to $400 million. That's much less than we experienced in 2018, which we believe represented a cyclical peak in terms of year-on-year headwinds. We're targeting to deliver $400 million to $450 million of total cost savings. That includes FORCE savings of $300 million to $325 million and Restructuring savings of $100 million to $125 million. Our FORCE target reflects lower value generated from our commodity contracts versus what we've achieved over the last couple of years. Outside of this, we expect strong performance on the other components of our FORCE program. In addition, supply chain related restructuring activities and savings will be ramping up in 2019. Overall, we continue to have high confidence in our ability to deliver healthy levels of supply chain savings going forward. We expect the adjusted effective tax rate will return to a more normal level and be between 23% and 25%. At the mid-point that represents a year-on-year earnings drag of about 3.5%. All-in-all, we're targeting full year adjusted earnings per share of $6.50 to $6.70, which at the mid-point is essentially even year-on-year. In terms of our earnings profile, we expect earnings will be higher in the second half of the year compared to the first half. That's primarily because of the expected timing of the net benefit from selling price increases. Finally, on cash flow and capital allocation, we expect cash provided by operations will be slightly below our strong performance in 2018. We expect to allocate between $2 billion and $2.3 billion to dividends and share repurchases. We plan to repurchase $600 million to $900 million of Kimberly-Clark stock, in addition for increasing our dividend by 3% that's our 47th consecutive annual increase in the dividend. Now let me hand the call over to Mike.
Michael Hsu: Thanks, Maria. Good morning everyone. Maria walked you through our results and 2019 outlook and while we aren't satisfied with our margin in 2018, I was encouraged with the following. We returned to delivering organic sales growth and improved net selling prices in the second half including strong fourth quarter performance. Our market share positions improved in about half of the 80 category country combinations that we track. We leveraged our financial discipline and we made excellent progress on our global restructure. Since this is my first earnings call as CEO, I'd like to tell you I'm excited about K-C's future. It's a great time to have the opportunity to lead this great company and it's a real honor. Our strategic priorities are to grow our portfolio by iconic brands, leverage our strong cost and financial discipline and allocate capital in value creating ways. We're calling this K-C Strategy 2022 and it's how we intend to deliver balanced sustainable growth and create shareholder value in what we assume will be a continued challenging environment. So let me outline a few thoughts. First, we'll continue to be lean on cost and be stewards of shareholders' capital. Those will always be hallmarks of Kimberly-Clark. Second, to drive top-line growth will sharpen and increase our focus on the consumer and better meet their needs that we've shown over the past few years. To do that we plan to develop and launch more meaningful innovation, increase investments in digital marketing and improve in store sales execution. While our commercial capabilities that drive the top-line are good, I believe we can make them great. We're launching internal initiatives in these areas to strengthen our capability just like we've made ongoing cost savings a superior capability. Now, let me spend the next few minutes describing our growth priorities. We intend to grow our portfolio of iconic brands in line with or slightly ahead of our categories. We're starting from a position of strength. We built some of the world's most well-known and trusted brands and we hold the number one or two market share position in 80 countries. Our objective is to maintain or improve our overall market share position especially in key categories. We have three main growth pillars and all of them are consumer centered. The first is to elevate core businesses. Improving the product experience, making our products more valuable and work more consumers is what I mean by elevating core businesses. We'll launch differentiated product innovation to drive growth in core markets. These innovations will be based on deep understanding of consumer insights. We'll deliver better performance and will drive trade off. You'll see some examples of that end market in 2019 including in baby care. Our upgraded and more standardized manufacturing footprint enabled by our global restructuring will help us bring our innovation pipeline to market more rapidly and more consistently around the world. Beyond innovation, we'll grow in core businesses by deploying category expanding marketing including in underpenetrated categories like adult incontinence and training pants that's how we built large and leading brands like Depend, Poise and Pull-Ups. Net revenue management will also help us grow core businesses. With more process discipline and more consistent utilization of tools, we can generate more revenue through pricing strategies, promotion effectiveness and product mix. Our second growth pillar is to accelerate Developing and Emerging markets with an emphasis on Personal Care and K-C Professional. D&E is about 30% of company revenue and while we had a lot of success here, D&E remains our largest growth opportunity because of the relatively low levels of category penetration and frequency. We have the resources and plans to achieve success going forward. For example, we'll invest to drive category development in diapers, it's a $35 billion incremental market opportunity if the average spending per baby goes from today's 15% of the US level to one third of the US level. We'll also invest in feminine care, adult care and baby wipes which all have significant penetration opportunities. Priority markets for us are in Personal Care of Latin America, China, Eastern Europe and ASEAN. We'll also book some early stage markets such as India and Africa, which are relatively smaller today, but have significant long-term potential. As in developed markets, we'll deploy our consumer insight based innovation model in D&E too. As part of our restructuring, we're moving more R&D resources in the local markets to enable better and faster innovation. We're using an adopt and deploy model for smaller markets. Beyond innovation we'll drive growth through stronger in store sales execution by optimizing distribution, pricing, shelving and merchandizing. We'll also deploy category building marketing campaigns and in-market activities to help develop these markets. In K-C Professional only 20% of the business is in D&E. We've significant whitespace opportunity as industrialization and economic development continue. Our near-term focus markets will include Latin America and China. Our third growth pillar is to drive digital marketing and e-commerce. Through digital we can build one-to-one consumer relationships, which will enable us to maximize lifetime value for our consumers. We'll invest even more in digital marketing and help us build those relationships. Today a digital is approximately half of our working medium mix and that percentage is growing. We'll deploy data-driven and compelling marketing with precision targeting to engage with consumers at the right time at the right content. We've gained deep experience with this approach including in China, South Korea and the US and plan to utilize it more globally to engage, acquire and retain consumers. Data-driven digital marketing and dynamic content development is helping us to improve consumer engagement, loyalty and ROI. In addition, e-commerce is an important and growing part of our business. This channel is growing double digits and it's about 10% of overall revenue. Our online shares in key countries are slightly ahead of or similar to our offline positions. Our products are well positioned versus environment because they have high recognition and consumer trust and they're also critical to help our customers grow since they're important traffic drivers. We plan to leverage our capabilities and attracting this of our brands to capture the opportunities that exist in e-commerce. Digital marketing and e-commerce also further enable our strategies to elevate core businesses and accelerate growth in D&E markets. We have a strong portfolio of brands, the right strategies and organization structure and a solid foundation to build on going forward. We also have significant opportunities to accelerate our capabilities to drive growth. We have pockets of excellence around the world and I expect us to drive more consistency globally and achieve a step change in capabilities overall. Our second strategic priority is to leverage our strong cost and financial discipline, to fund growth and improve margins. We have a strong legacy in this area and that's something that we expect to continue going forward. We'll drive ongoing supply chain productivity through our FORCE program. FORCE has generated savings of 3.4 billion over the last decade and we expect significant savings for years to come. We'll also continue to execute the 2018 restructuring program. This is the biggest restructuring in our history and it's making us leaner, stronger and faster. We'll rigorously control discretionary spending to help us sustain our top-tier SG&A cost structure and we'll drive down working capital with benefits from global supply chain initiatives and our improved manufacturing footprint. Our last strategic priority is to allocate capital in value creating ways and is very consistent with how we've operated historically. After we complete our restructuring, we'll target annual capital spending of 4% to 5% of net sales, down from our current target of 4.5% to 5%. We're planning to continue providing shareholders a top-tier dividend. We will evaluate M&A opportunities in a disciplined manner with a bias for tuck-in transactions in existing categories. M&A is not expected to be a significant part of our growth strategy. Finally, we plan to allocate healthy amounts of cash flow to share repurchases. Now, let me turn to our medium term financial objectives that come with K-C Strategy 2022. Our top-line objective is to grow sales and organic sales 1% to 3% annually. That assumes category growth in a range of 1% to 2% similar to recent conditions. Macro headwinds in Latin America, birth rate declines in South Korea and the US and price competition in China diapers, have all impacted category growth in the last few years. We believe these factors are largely cyclical and we'll focus on doing our part to drive these categories, but we also believe it's appropriate not to plan for much improvement right now. Depending on how our categories evolve and the success of our initiatives, we'll work to achieve the upper half of that 1 to 2 target range. On the bottom line our objective is to increase adjusted earnings per share mid single digits annually. We expect to grow operating profit 3% to 5%, on average that implies annual operating margin improvement of 30 basis points to 40 basis points. Our strategy is to increase gross margin somewhat faster and reinvest in advertising and marketing to fuel the top line. Ongoing share repurchases should also benefit EPS growth. In terms of capital efficiency, our objective is to at least maintain our top tier ROIC at its current level. Over the last 15 years, we've nearly doubled ROIC and it's currently more than 26%. We'll continue to be disciplined with our investment strategies, but we won't turn away value creating opportunities with attractive returns that may be below our overall average. Lastly, we're targeting to increase our dividend generally in line with our growth in adjusted earnings per share. Our payout ratio is in the low 60s and our yields about 3.5%. We continue to believe that a strong dividend is an important part of our investment proposition. I believe these medium term financial objectives are appropriate and realistic in the current environment. Longer term, we continue to have significant optimism about the potential of our categories and our business. Our categories are essential for consumers and have significant development opportunities. We have very strong brands that we're investing behind and we're focused on raising our game on key growth capabilities. This morning I've outlined the key components of our medium term strategy. We look forward to sharing more information with you and updating you on our progress as the year progresses. Overall, we're confident in our ability to create shareholder value through successful execution of our strategies. That concludes our prepared remarks and now we'll take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, the floor is now open for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, good morning, guys.
Maria Henry: Hi, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: So on the 2022 strategy changes, it was helpful to hear about the areas you're focused on and how you get there. I'm wondering what sort of the net level of incremental investment to attack the three strategic priorities you mentioned the core D&E and digital marketing and e-commerce. Is this sort of the strategy changes more the way you're structured or execute or should we assume there's an incremental level of investment behind them. And then on the other hand in terms of the cost savings that you mentioned, is there actual incremental cost savings you're announcing today or is this more executing on the prior programs you've announced?
Michael Hsu: Hey, Dara. Thanks for the question. I'll start with the first part, I would say, the overall game plan is, we do want to increase our overall investment behind brands, like to drive our advertising up, drive our in-market execution, investments up and also our digital marketing. But I do think that's why we've executed our restructuring. So, but the underlying premise of that restructuring is to create the room and the investment funds that we need to drive our business. Maybe from my perspective the bigger kind of notion of what needs to be different in terms of our going forward, one, I think you get the message, which is a big focus on the consumer and I think we have that opportunity to kind of raise our game in terms of how we approach the consumer and how we serve them. I think what we're trying to accomplish here is maybe emulating what we've done on cost transformation, which is we've been very systematic and put in a really robust management system to drive cost transformation and we're trying to bring the same approach to driving what we're calling commercial discipline, which is how we manage our innovation resources, our sales and marketing resources to drive growth And then on the cost savings question, Maria, do you want to take that one.
Maria Henry: Yeah, the cost savings, there was no new news there. It's the continuation of the restructuring program that we have announced and are executing and also that continued execution on our FORCE cost savings program.
Dara Mohsenian: Okay. That's helpful. And then on the 2019 outlook, the 350 million in input cost pressures. Can you detail some of the key underlying assumptions there that are embedded for oil and pulp prices? And it looks like A&P spending was up as a percent of sales in Q4 year-over-year. Would you anticipate that in 2019 also is that embedded in the guidance? Thanks.
Maria Henry: Sure. I'll take advertising first and then I'll kind of walk you through our commodities outlook. The advertising spend in the fourth quarter of '18 was higher than it was last year fourth quarter, but last year fourth quarter was low. So it was in line with our expectations and the year-over-year really has more to do with the trend that we saw last year. For the full year is relatively flat. Looking at next year, we do intend to fully support our brands and also the innovations that we put out into the market. So we'll see how the numbers shake out, but we will continue to be supportive there. Probably, I don't know if we're giving a specific number for advertising, but it continues to be a core focus of the strategy that Mike outlined. In terms of the commodities outlook that we have, I'll just comment for the fourth quarter you saw that that was one of the drivers that we mentioned on some pressure on the gross margin where commodities were up, fiber in general was flat to up sequentially in the fourth quarter for us, which put some pressure on gross margins. But if I look forward to 2019, I'll pick through a couple of the key commodities: on eucalyptus, we're expecting that to be down mid to high single digit; secondary fiber we're expecting to be up mid-teens; on the other key input costs, we're expecting polypropylene will be down mid-single digits and we're expecting super absorbent will be similar to what we saw in 2018. On crude oil, we're expecting it to be in the 50s, but it'll be down from $66 a barrel this year. But the correlation between crude oil and polypropylene and super absorbent has not proven to be strong in the last couple of years, which is why we see some differences there. In terms of some of our other fiber types, we're expecting those to be up in 2019 also. So 2019 commodities we expect to still be inflationary but not nearly as much as what we saw in 2018.
Michael Hsu: Dara, let me just tag on here. I would tell you, although, 2019 we plan to make solid progress, and I think you can see that and kind of the results that we're planning for, we're improving the organic growth and the overall shape of our P&L and so one of the things that we're encouraged about in our Q4 was that we saw the net selling price improvement that gives us confidence about our plans for 2019. We're also making a pretty significant improvement on our key growth prospects in 1% to 4% growth and that's 70 basis points margin expansion, so we're feeling better about that. Obviously, we're not delighted about EPS growth, but we do have those - the currency and tax drags.
Dara Mohsenian: Right. Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Michael Hsu: Thanks Dara.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Wendy Nicholson with Citi
Wendy Nicholson: Hi. Just first question, the organic sales increase that you're forecasting for '19 of 2%. Can you give us directionally personal care versus consumer tissue, what you expect for each of those segments?
Maria Henry: Yeah. We're not going to provide specific guidance by segment for 2019.
Wendy Nicholson: Okay. But more pricing I assume in consumer tissue. Is that a fair assumption?
Maria Henry: Yes, that is.
Wendy Nicholson: Okay. The second question, though, shifting gears just to the comment accelerating growth in D&E markets generally. And, Mike, I appreciate everything you went through in terms of reorganizing the business a little bit thinking about how to reinvest in the business. But if you look out over the next three years maybe, would you say those D&E markets, and I'm thinking a lot about China, but also about a market like Brazil and Mexico. Do you think the profit pool in your diaper and sun care business in those D&E markets is going up? It just seems the level of competition has intensified so much in those markets. I'm just wondering if you think as you accelerate growth whether that's going to mean margins actually contract. Thanks.
Michael Hsu: Yeah, Wendy thanks for that question. You know, one, you can tell, you know, we're very bullish on D&E, and I think that is the future - Why that is? I think what specifically your question there. You know, certainly, we're seeing pressure, competitive pressure in China and everybody is aware of that. And so - but our team's doing a great job, they're building a business to a win for the long haul. And that's on a market that the consumers still want to see premiumize, where they're still buying better performing products. And so we do need to work on a profit pool. We do need to continue to focus on our margins in China. Brazil, I think we are seeing improvement. For the quarter, we are up mid-teens, healthy growth in price, healthy growth in volume as well. And I think our team is doing a great job there. And what's really driving that is, they're being very disciplined on price management, cost management. But also a key component of the strategy going forward, this commercial discipline that I'm talking about is the sales execution is driving a big piece of our growth, because our pricing is actually up low double-digits in Brazil this year. And the volume is actually up and that's because of the execution. If I can - if I could just -
Wendy Nicholson: Just one question about pricing in Brazil, I'm sorry, is that for the overall business or is that just diapers? Or does that include sun care too?
Michael Hsu: Personal Care.
Wendy Nicholson: Got it. Okay, fine.
Michael Hsu: Yeah. And maybe just back to your original point, which is the options and I think - if I could just say my perspective is informed by kind of almost 30 years in and around this industry and having seen a lot of companies and worked in other companies that do it different ways. I'm really excited about opportunities going forward for a couple of different reasons, you know, first and foremost, the whitespace opportunity you just highlighted in D&E. I mean it's real for us, right? If I say, hey, it's going be 10 billion over this period or 50 billion, both numbers were probably right. There's a lot of growth inherent in our categories because of the low levels of development. So that's one big thing that I see, that's different that I've seen in other companies. The second thing is still even in developed markets in our categories, I really believe there's a lot of opportunities to expand our categories through what I call elevation which is what I mean by that as value added premiumization, right? And the fact that I think we can solve bigger problems or meet certain bigger unmet needs for our consumers in different ways and expand kind of the value that's available in the category and premiumize the category. So that's the second piece. And then I think we are in the third area this digital opportunity. We're approaching the Holy Grail territory of everything a marketer dreamed of. And it creates much more value in our categories because consumers use our products every day, they spend a lot of money on them and they're in these categories for a long, long-time. And so we're really moving fast on getting closer to our consumers and jumping on the digital train.
Wendy Nicholson: Got it. That's helpful. Thank you very much.
Michael Hsu: Thanks Wendy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: Hi, guys, so I have three questions. One is, besides that there's almost tradition of a rebase when a new CEO starts. Congrats by the way, Mike. Why is this the right time to give the 2022 outlook, because we've already seen several years of a little bit challenging results. Is there anything you see in the consumer just recently or competition or retailers that really prompted you to say okay, gosh, we need to reset between now and 2022. And then also why is it just a 2022, why not be a long-term guidance as well?
Michael Hsu: Okay. Yeah. Ali, I guess saw the rebase term I don't know if my team would feel that way and that - it's a rebase. I do think we're working hard even on our 2019 numbers I think to make the progress we're making both on the organic and the operating profit side. But I will say, these are mid-term targets and we're saying, hey, over the next four years or so and they really reflect what we're seeing in the marketplace and our expectation of market conditions. I definitely believe that our - we've got long - way to long-term growth potential in our categories and definitely believe also that as leaders we play a significant role in driving the category to realize that and that's what the strategies we're talking about in K-C 2022 are all about. However, given some of the uncertainty we're seeing this environment, I don't think it's prudent to go out longer than that four years at this point. So that's kind of why we're steering this direction here.
Ali Dibadj: Okay. And that's helpful. Then within that, you know, under the umbrella of prudence or not prudence, you talked about a 30 basis points to 40 basis points on your prepared remarks, average operating margin enhancement over the next three years, four years and higher than that on gross margin. Can you talk a little bit about what the drivers for that are? Are you just keeping commodities flat? Do you have new gross margin improvement buckets? And then if your operating margin is actually improving 30 basis points to 40 basis points over the next few years, the ROIC stays flat. That would suggests that your invested capital turns are getting worse or certainly not improving and sounds like they're getting worse. Is that more CapEx need for innovation? Is that more - less efficient rollout of assets in emerging the markets? I mean what is it that's driving ROIC also?
Michael Hsu: Yeah. So maybe, Ali, I'll start and then maybe Maria you could -
Maria Henry: Yeah, sure.
Michael Hsu: But the - maybe the first part is operating margin improvement, one, obviously, our FORCE program. And maybe a soft year '19, I think people understand because of the commodity, in fact, notwithstanding, we do have plans to continue to raise our game on FORCE and our overall cost savings approach. And then importantly, I think the strategy that we're talking about here K-C 2022, we do intend to premiumize our business and that will drive margin and mix. And then the other thing that you and I have talked about in the past is net revenue management is being much more important part of our strategy going forward. So we're expecting to see a step forward this year with getting list prices but we're also have opportunities to be a little more strategic on price to drive the trial we want or the trade up we want or the mix that we want. And then we have a big opportunity, I would liken it to a FORCE cost savings opportunity in terms of how we think about our trade spending and how we get much more efficient in it. And then maybe the analogy I'll give you is, we've made a lot of improvement in OEE over the years and I think we have that similar opportunity in trade.
Maria Henry: Yeah. And then I - we'd like to see the gross margin go a little bit ahead so that we also have some more room for investment in the key areas that keep the flywheel going on the top line growth. And so that kind of algorithm makes sense to us. On ROIC, the big driver there for the next couple of years, Ali, is the investment in the restructuring program. We talked about the fact that we're expecting between $600 million and $700 million of incremental CapEx as we execute that program. And in 2018, we did a great job on the restructuring, a lot of what you saw was on the SG&A side of the house. So 80% of the savings this year were really coming from there and we're kind of getting going in earnest on the supply chain part of that program as we're moving into 2019. So the incremental CapEx will be there on the asset base. From the restructuring, we'll also affect our ability to drive working capital improvements. So while we've got programs to improve working capital in both the areas of inventory and payable. As you can imagine as we're standing up new assets or taking out assets that are currently existing, we expect that we'll have inventory builds around that to make sure that we can deliver on customer expectations without service interruption, while we're moving assets around. So there'll be pressure on both of those things, which is why there's a more muted outlook on ROIC. And at 26.5, if you benchmark us, we're at clearly in a top-tier level and as Mike said in his comments, we aren't going to hesitate to invest in value creating opportunities that come our way even if they're dilutive.
Ali Dibadj: Okay. That's helpful. And just my third question will be more of a 2019 tax. I guess, we've been hearing from a lot of retailers trying to skinny down their suppliers, the number of suppliers, including in baby care and really trying to go to one in private label in some instances even. Could you talk a little bit about your shelf space expectations for 2019 at some of the major retailers actually in the U.S. but perhaps even in Europe?
Michael Hsu: Yeah, Ali, I think that's a great question. I think maybe what we are seeing that in some pockets and maybe in some of the smaller retailers, but in our plan right now we are planning to grow distribution overall. And so that's a focus for us. And you probably know as well as anybody else is that distribution tends to be one of the largest drivers of share, so that's a big focus area for us, not just in the U.S. but globally
Ali Dibadj: Okay. Thanks very much guys.
Michael Hsu: Thanks, Ali.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Wells Fargo.
Bonnie Herzog: All right. Thank you, good morning.
Michael Hsu: Good morning, Bonnie.
Bonnie Herzog: My first question - Good morning, I just had a quick question regarding your medium term organic top line growth target of 1% to 3%. Curious if you guys are expecting that to be a better bounce between pricing and volume than maybe what you're seeing now?
Michael Hsu: Yeah, for sure Bonnie and I think and embedded in that is not just list pricing but as I mentioned earlier when I was talking with Ali was net revenue management for us which includes list price, I would call strategic price pack architecture, right. And also the third bucket is trade spend efficiency.
Bonnie Herzog: Okay. And then my second question is on promotional spending. And in looking at the track channel data, it looks like you guys have pulled back on promos and few categories I guess in the last few months. So curious if that is, in fact, true. And then if so does this suggest in general terms that you think the promotional environment is becoming more rational or if this is just something more strategic from your and you're making a conscious decision to possibly sacrifice some market share right now in order to support your margins.
Michael Hsu: Yes. Great observation and one I would say is yes, you can see in our behavior which is faced with the big inflation we're seeing particularly in North America, we're making the right choices I think to the drive the business in the direction we need to make. And if you recall maybe two years ago, 18 months ago, we were dialing up promotion because of some of the competition. I don't know that I would - write the businesses or the categories being more rationale, but I do think the market is focused on right now or at least has a similar focus as us, which is recovering some of the cost inflation and making sure that our margins are protected. That said, and so specifically if you look hard at North American family care, I mean, pricing overall organic was up 2, price was up 6 and then we had a little bit of volume about of about 4 points and that was planned. And we said I think in the prior call that we're going be down back our promotion activity in the fourth quarter. I will tell you that just as a heads up, we don't give quarterly guidance on organic, but I will tell you there probably is going be some lumpiness in terms of our organic or our price realization, because we got higher price realization in the fourth quarter in North America because of that promotion pullback. And if you'll think about take a look at Q1 in family care, I think we had a 9% volume growth last year in family care because of additional promotion activity, which we'll be scaling back this year.
Bonnie Herzog: Okay. Very helpful. Thank you.
Michael Hsu: One additional and I'll say Bonnie is that underlying it especially in bath and towels in North America, the underlying base trends are very healthy and head in the right direction behind some of the inflation we're going.
Bonnie Herzog: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Maria Henry: Hi, Jason.
Jason English: Hey, Maria. Hey, Michael. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking my question. And Happy New Year and congrats on officially taking the reins. A few different questions here and I'll try to bang through them. First, Maria, the FORCE savings I appreciate, why you're expecting so a smaller number this year. Can you give us a sense of the FORCE savings you've achieved in the last year or maybe last two years? How much of it was really sort of structural in nature into the structure reducing the cost base and how much of it was just buying better than the markets?
Maria Henry: Yeah, we do provide the specific details of each, but I can tell you that we generated significant value from what we call negotiated material savings, which is the value that we get from basically buying better than the market to use your words. And as I look forward to 2019, that is the portion of the FORCE cost savings that will be lower than it has been in the couple - in the last couple of years. As our contracts reset, we still have value from those contracts, which is positive but the value of the contracts compared to what we had in 2018 is lower. And so that's what's affecting the FORCE number. The other components of our FORCE program all have healthy levels of activities and savings associated with those for 2019.
Jason English: And if spot prices were to rollover or weaken from the current levels or your planning assumptions. Is it fair to assume that your FORCE savings will be dragged down with it?
Maria Henry: It's - spot prices move lower. What I would tell you is that a portion of our buy we have short term contracts, which help provide stability in our forecast, but we don't have coverage on 100% of our buy. So it will show up in the numbers. It won't necessarily have a big impact on the FORCE cost savings number.
Jason English: That's helpful. Thank you. And last question, tissue margins have come in substantially for understandable reasons. I think you've lost over 400 basis points over the last couple of years, but we finished despite 5% price growth this quarter, we finished at the weakest margin level we've seen in a number of years. As we think about medium term, what is the sustainable margin level for that business in your view? Is there a path back to peaks we've seen before or given we've kind of finished on a weak note. Are we still trying to settle in to a lower and more durable margin structure for that business?
Maria Henry: Yeah, I'll comment and then Mike feel free to chime in. I'll comment on the tissue margins in the fourth quarter just to emphasize the point from the remarks that not only did we see inflation and I kind of talked about which of the commodities we saw inflation in the fourth quarter, but the execution challenges that we had in the fourth quarter, which led to lower FORCE cost savings. One of the biggest areas that was affected by that was North America tissue and there what happened is the mix of the orders that came in at a brand pack level was different than what we expected. And so we didn't necessarily have the right products in the right places to get an efficient distribution to meet the customer demands that we had higher logistics costs as we had a lot of inter milling shipments in the Consumer Tissue business and we also lost the opportunity on the productivity side on manufacturing as we are running product on some assets that aren't optimized for necessarily for those products. So the Consumer Tissue business particularly in North America had some additional expenses in the fourth quarter and that really weighted down on the margins. Mike, you want to talk about longer-term how we see tissue.
Michael Hsu: Yeah, just a comment on the fourth quarter Jason, I work closely with that team in North America family care for a long time and they're a great team. And the trick of that business is, and I said it's like driving an 18 wheeler that needs a turn like a Ferrari, right? So it's a big business and I think what happened is that we got a little out of sync in terms of where our inventory was and where it needed to be for customers and that added some additional cost, and then we had some equipment issues. So I think I'm confident that team is going to get it back and may take a quarter or two to kind of get back on that right path. But we'll address the operational issues. We've always said overall on tissue, we want these margins we expect to be in the mid to high teens. We're still kind of on the Harris edge [ph] of that - that number right now, but I think we will make progress because, one, we will get back some of these operational issues. The team is very focused on price realization. And, again, the strategy is to elevate these categories and that kind of means premiumize through value added innovation and that's where our focus is
Jason English: Got it, very helpful, thank you guys.
Maria Henry: Thanks Jason.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Stephen Powers: Hey, good morning. So I just want to try to unpack next year's guidance a little bit more if I could and maybe tie back Mike to the 2022 objectives, because the forecast calls for net sales to be down 1 to 2, profits to be up 1 to 4, despite inflation and the FX headwinds, which I think Maria you cited as a 20% headwind in the profits. And to just understand the cost savings you have lined up, which basically looked poised to offset the base commodity inflation and some translation effects, just seems as I'm doing the math that the forecast is dependent a good deal if not entirely on net price realization and it really doesn't seem to allow for a lot of reinvestment behind those early strategy 2022 initiatives like e-commerce and marketing and end market investments. And I guess I'm just trying to just test is that fair. I know you cited a plan to invest in digital marketing next year and I get that and I view that positively, but do you have room to net invest in overall marketing next year and also make this right you need to an e-commerce and changing structure in markets like China just the math just feels tight and I just want some perspective on that. Thanks.
Michael Hsu: Yeah, Steve it's - definitely pricing is a key component of our plan for 2019 and a critical plan maker for us, but however we also do have. Investment up in terms of our advertising A&CP mix and also importantly we're shifting more to digital which is more productive for us, so we got all those elements on it and Maria is there anything you want to add to that?
Maria Henry: Yeah I think the - and if you just think the puts and takes on the out - the outlook for next year we've got currency up as a headwind, we have input cost inflation, we're expecting to get strong pricing against the two of those, so if you look at the full year 2018 for the combination of currency commodity price that was a mid 20's drag on operating profit. With the pricing that we're putting in place for next year, we'd expect that to be - have very strong coverage. So maybe the combination of that looks more like more singles on operating profit and then we have the benefit of the restructuring saving coming into the P&L. We've got the FORCE cost savings coming into the P&L and when you kind of put all that together that's how we get to our change in operating profit.
Stephen Powers: Okay, okay. So I guess within that then what - it sounds like you don't see much risk, but I guess you know how do you handicap the risk of the pricing pull through that you're expecting - you're just not coming through just given the competitive backdrop. And then if I can tack on one more question then I'll pass it on, but focusing in on China. Mike, I know you stated that you like what the team is doing in terms of positioning the business for the future, but if you took a snapshot today you're clearly losing some ground just given what you reports versus what P&G reports today. So I guess what's the plan there or the building blocks of the plan and what should we be thinking about in terms of the cost and time to achieve future success? Thanks.
Michael Hsu: Okay. Yeah, thanks. Thanks Steve. Yeah, let me just go back to your first one on the pricing. We are feeling good about our price plans and I think the Q4 was an indicator that kind of we're on the right track right now and we have pretty significant plans throughout 19', most of them have been announced and worked through with customers and so that's one part. Second is, generally I would say the market is responding in a similar fashion not everybody yet, but we're seeing the market move broadly. So I think we do have confidence in terms of the pricing. The second part China, one is, I guess I'll highlight, performance overall for the quarter and it was - I think we mentioned it, similar Q3. You're right, it continues to be a very, very competitive market and we're not satisfied with our performance, but the team is building for the long-term. And really I will tell you that the area where we're losing run a little bit is in the lower tiers our tier 3. You know where we are actually growing is on our tier 5 and tier 6, where we have launched really, really good and important innovation that really focuses on premiumization of the category and I think we're having good consumer response to it. It's growing, the tier 5 year, tier 4 - 6 share. Although, I would tell you that the response is probably a bit muted because of all the price activity that's in the marketplace, but we feel great about that. And the plan for this year is, we are rolling that technology out more broadly across our line and across various channels throughout China and so that's our focus. And really the strategy is, it's a market that really want to premiumize, consumers are trading up and the reason we're seeing price competition is I believe it's more driven by the manufacturers pulling the price down and so we're still seeing the consumer movement in that direction and that's our focus.
Stephen Powers: Okay, thank you.
Michael Hsu: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Olivia Tong with Bank of America.
Olivia Tong: Thanks, I just want to go back to FORCE given, the savings came in and sort of your expectation and that was the case last quarter too, so last quarter you talked about some of the pulp pricing arrangements that you had in fiscal 18' that won't repeat. So could you talk about what's the delta there fiscal 19' versus fiscal 18'? And then relative to your expectations, where the specific buckets for FORCE fell short beyond the pulp dynamic. And then I have [indiscernible]. And then. Back.
Maria Henry: Okay the - so a couple of things in there on - first on the delta, as you can picture kind of how this works. If you think about where we were coming into 2018 and where everyone thought commodities would go that was the negotiating environment as we entered into 2018 and then you fast forward to as they have contracts come up at the end of the year and we're negotiating as we go into 2019, we're in a very different environment. So the 2018 contracts that we had negotiated had significant value to us given how much commodities rose and the steepness of the curve. When you look at where we are going into 19', when we clearly pretend to be able to call the market, the intuition would say that we've got to be at a pretty high point in terms of commodity prices and so it's a different environment as they've contracts reset. So the value of the contract is lower for us in 19' than it was in 18'. We're not going to provide specific amounts, but that affects that negotiated material price portion of our FORCE cost savings which is why 2019 will be lower than what it's been in the last couple of couple of years. For what we saw in 2018 in the fourth quarter with FORCE being lower it was not on negotiated material prices, it was more on the operating components of FORCE and in particular it was on the area of productivity and the area of logistics. So with all of the intermingling shipments I talked about in the North America tissue business that's what drove the lower real life savings in the fourth quarter.
Olivia Tong: Got it and are you back to normal levels there at this point?
Maria Henry: We are not, we are on it. I'll take a controllable issue over an uncontrollable issue any day and the issues that we had in the fourth quarter are controllable issues. So we are very confident in our supply chain capabilities and in our opportunities. The teams are on the challenges that we saw, they're working through them. We will we will get those resolved, they won't necessarily get resolved immediately or within the first quarter, but they absolutely will get resolved.
Olivia Tong: Got it, okay and then for fiscal 19' just by segment you talked to some of the issues in consumer tissue which makes sense, but are you expecting margin expansion in each of the divisions in fiscal 19'?
Michael Hsu: Olivia, could you repeat, it was cutting in and out so I could hear the second part of your question?
Olivia Tong: Sorry, just what I was asking is - on margin expectations you obviously talked about the total company, but by segment Consumer Tissue, Personal Care and Professional, are you expecting margin expansion in all of those in each division for fiscal 19'?
Michael Hsu: Yeah, Olivia, I'll remind you, we don't give guidance at the segment level, but you can imagine given the overall company targets that we've talked about all three segments have margin improvement from center for further objectives for next year.
Olivia Tong: Got it, thank you.
Maria Henry: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Thanks, good morning. I just wanted to go back to earlier someone had mentioned that in the same math that sort of the outlook medium term let alone 19' doesn't imply tremendous incremental reinvestment in the business which Mike you pretty specifically also talked about. What I was curious about though is where you stand on the capability building. So analytics, what exists in house today in terms of getting going on this greater trust on revenue realization or the highly targeted one-to-one marketing e-commerce. There's a - these things sound great, but it does sound like it costs money and requires different skill sets than may be available to you in house today. So if you could just comment on where you are on being able to execute versus having the aspiration of these big things that kind of enhance the model going forward.
Michael Hsu: Yeah Lauren, great question. One, I will tell you just to be clear, we're just standing up initiatives in all these areas now, however, the basis of why we have defined these as critical ones for us, I mean I think you get the consumer opportunity and why we need to do it. I think the reason why we stand them up this way is because we've made progress in different areas and you know historically we have been a bit more decentralized as an operating model and that served us well is enable us to be very nimble, but what happens is when you do that as you end up developing pockets of excellence. And so what I will tell you, in North America we're a little ahead I think on the revenue management side. We've six sigma like tools that we've been developing over the past year or so on trade efficiency, on price pack and we've got some other tools that we're developing in other markets, but I think the big opportunity for us is to standardize and roll them out more consistently across markets, so that's one big area. I think the other - in a similar way is this digital and we've got really, really good pockets of excellence and that's in the markets that you really want them in which is the big e-commerce markets like China, South Korea and the US. And just to give you an example, I think our China team - I think we've multiplied our marketing ROIs, we've gone to a fully digital spend in feminine care and mostly digital spend in baby care in China. The ROIs are a multiple of what our traditional ROIs are. One of the key drivers of that is that we've got what I think Paul would say dynamic content creation, which means we are putting out new content every day. And the China team I was with earlier last year and they were saying, well back in the old days in e-commerce the saying was you had to be 996 which meant you work 9 am to 9 pm, six days a week. And they said well, now it's the 007 right, midnight to midnight, 7 days a week and they said that's never been more exciting and I think and that's because they're really seeing value in what they're doing and that's driving the business. We're doing similar things in the US and I was talking to one of our e-commerce managers the other day and they're running through AI generated content creation a 100 and some odd campaigns a day, right. It's very, very specifically targeted against very specific segments. So I think we're really moving, moving really fast and we're excited about that, but I think the opportunity and through this process-process to level up around the world and bring all those capabilities to the same level.
Maria Henry: Yeah and I comment more into - I just put some context that when we were contemplating our restructuring program back in 2017 and looking at ways to create value in our business, we had two things that we saw. We saw the opportunity to structurally lower the cost of our business, but importantly the need to do that so that we would have the investment room to invest in capabilities to unlock the opportunities that we saw for growth. So as we put that restructuring program together, we had both of those things in mind. You didn't necessarily see everything play out that way in 2018 given that we had the unexpected run on commodities and also currencies going against us, which put some pressure on the numbers, but moving forward especially as Mike's coming in and outlining the detailed strategies. The point of that restructuring program was to shift costs from less useful places and put it to more useful places and a big part of that was around finding the capabilities that we need to unlock the opportunities that we have.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay and if I could just ask one more question on revenue realization because I think revenue realization has been something that - that's been talked about for a decade probably at K-C, but in this sort of next iteration, one thing I'm wondering about is, how this relates to the competition right? It's sort of one thing to say we want to look within our portfolio and see whether the opportunity to be more strategic, but obviously the categories in which you compete particularly in the developed markets where there's perhaps less of a market growth opportunity and even arguably like in a China today with the declining birth rates and so on. Revenue realization also - the interplay is what's the competition doing, right. So how is that factoring into your thought process that pursuing greater revenue realization is maybe all that realistic that being more productive with your trade is something that's entirely within your control.
Michael Hsu: Yeah, definitely a true statement Lauren, which is - especially if you're talking about list price changes, right, a lot of that depends on the retail environment and what competition is doing and we recognize that. I do think in terms of pack - price pack architecture or thinking about how we set pricing, we rather call waterfall pricing more effectively I think is a little bit more within our control and certainly well, trade spending there's competitive constraints there as well, but the thing about it is, it's like lean six sigma. There's a huge range of variation in how we spend our funds event-to-event and there's a big opportunity for us to get better. And it's just like running any asset in a mill perhaps even more complex because the reason why there continues to be opportunity and companies - I have been working on trade efficiency for 20 years now and I've done it in a lot of places and the reason why the opportunity continues to exist is it always will exist because our business is really spread out meaning anytime you're spending billions of dollars through tens of thousands of people who sell to hundreds of thousands of people it's complex and because of that complexity things are not optimal - tough to optimize in that complexity. And so we're talking about here is taking the next step and bringing systems and process and metrics and measures to drive more efficiency here.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, alright, great. Thank you so much.
Michael Hsu: Thanks Lauren.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you, so - just for squeezing me in. So the first question is on the progression of the pricing initiatives. From the last calls you were planning to increase prices for Scott in Kleenex in the first quarter and second quarter of respectively. Are you still keeping this plan and if so what has been the reception and is that being accompanied by increase of promotions and compounding, which explain how conservative you've been with the 2019 guidance? And my second question is, you've got into FORCE back in turn 18' established a total target of 1.5 billion in four years starting in 2018. So it sounds like you aren't taking that target down based on your comment to Ali and just in the short-term and to your answer to Jason and Olivia, so what do you think should drive acceleration for 2020 and 2021. Thank you.
Michael Hsu: Yeah Andrew, so I'll start with the pricing one and maybe Maria will come back on the FORCE. Yeah, I think the pricing in North America I think your questions relates to family cares is on track and I think the plans that we have are largely in place right now. Again, some of the impact that you saw in fourth quarter was related to desheeting we've done in bath tissue maybe in the, I think in the middle of 2018 and also from - a little inflated because of merchandising pullback. I'll remind you, most of our list price changes are going in the first quarter or right now by through the end of the first quarter of this year. So that still will come through and right now we have positive vacations [ph] and most customers are aware and where our plans are working there.
Maria Henry: Yeah and on the FORCE target, we did not change the $1.5 billion target that we have. We're still working against that target. In terms of where the savings come from, we would expect that - the savings come from all of the four categories that make up our FORCE program. Negotiate a material price beyond next year should continue to be a factor for us, the productivity in our manufacturing operations as we continue to drive out waste the way that we engineer our product to cost optimize them and then overall costs across the supply chain system including logistics are all areas where we see opportunities. And it's a reminder we've got a global supply chain organization that has been running a very comprehensive program now for a couple of years that we built up our capabilities and we continue to see opportunities there that we believe we've got the capabilities to deliver upon in the next few years.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you.
Michael Hsu: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets.
Nik Modi: Yeah, thanks a lot for squeezing me in. Just two quick questions Mike, you indicated M&A is not going to be a big part of, at least your vision right now, just curious what that means for Kimberly would they ever be interested in you know getting into new pillar of growth, a new category just want some more perspective around that if you can provide any context? Thanks.
Michael Hsu: Yeah, thanks Nick. One, I'll say hey, overall I like our portfolio on three business segments that we operate in. They're large, essential and profitable categories and as we said in the past, we believe there's very strong synergies in how we buy, make, sell and ship and so better together. That said, we will pursue opportunities to improve our portfolio and right now rather than maybe new categories, maybe the focus for me would be in opportunities that might enhance or leverage our geographic scale in a market, a new technology capability or a new commercial capability that's going to accelerate us either in revenue management perhaps or this digital world that we're talking about and then up - and then last it might be to reduce exposure to unattractive markets that were markets that we might be attractive right or perhaps volatility to them, so that's kind of how we're thinking about it right now.
Nik Modi: Great, thanks a lot.
Michael Hsu: Thanks, Nik.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Hey thanks, good morning everyone.
Michael Hsu: Good morning.
Kevin Grundy: First, a quick one Maria, just on the tax rate, what's driving the acceleration in fiscal 19' and then a little bit of a broader question just to come back to the quarter and sort of understand some of the moving parts here and potential implications on the outlook for fiscal 19'. So we talked - I'm not asking to revisit the Consumer Tissue issue, we spoke a lot about that and some of the shortfall on FORCE savings, but I think I'm kind of sitting here looking at the 3% pricing in the quarter relatively strong or sales relatively consensus yet significant gross margin miss relative to where the street was and while we spoke a lot about Consumer Tissue, Personal Care margins also down about 200 basis points year-over-year. So anything else that you can sort of fill in here to help us better understand some of the moving parts in the quarter and some of the margin shortfall, anything else you'd highlight besides that tissue business in North America and the FORCE saving, just want to make sure I have my head around this and how much of this is going to linger into the first half of the year? Thank you.
Maria Henry: Sure. On the tax rate the tax guidance that we gave for next year is not only for next year, but it's kind of what we see is our tax rate in the environment as it is. What I would call out is that in 2018 we had some favorability on the tax rate from some settlements and from some tax planning opportunities that we had just as the US tax reform all settled out but we accrued some benefits better than what we were expecting in 2018. To get to our tax rate if you think about at a normal level of 23% to 26, about two thirds of our statutory incomes in the US and there we've got the 21% rate. Outside of the US combined, our tax rate is in the upper 20's and then we've got a couple of points coming from state taxes and if you run all that math you'd get a normalized tax rate in the guidance range that we provided. In terms of the fourth quarter from our expectations, I'll make a on a couple of comments and Mike chime in. First is our expectation, the challenge that we had was on the gross margin level and we've certainly talked about the issues related to the execution in the FORCE number, but also I'd comment that commodity inflation was strong in the fourth quarter and up sequentially. So there was additional pressure on commodities versus what we were expecting in the fourth quarter.
Michael Hsu: Yeah, maybe and maybe the important thing I think about the fourth quarter Kevin is, one is I think broadly speaking across most markets with one or two notable exceptions, I think the businesses is improving and getting healthier and importantly the consumer has proven to be very, very resilient. So in North America organic was up 3 in the quarter, you can see that, but personal care up mid single digits and our infant child care business low double digit - mid single digits as well and for child care being up the double digits. We got double digit growth broadly across D&E markets, Brazil, CEE, ASEAN, India were all up double digits and up in share in most of those markets. So I think we are seeing broad improvement and I think that gives us some confidence in our 2019 outlook.
Kevin Grundy: Okay, thank you very much, good luck.
Michael Hsu: Thank you.
Maria Henry: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Strycula with UBS.
Steve Strycula: Hi Mike, congrats on the - on your on your new post. Question for you [ph], wanted to see if you could speak a little bit more about your 2019 gross margin outlook, particularly how should we think about the timing of the year maybe midyear for a commodity being favorable to you guys that would be helpful and then what are your preliminary impressions on trade expense for the year.
Maria Henry: Sure. A couple comments, when I was talking earlier about what we're expecting on 2019 inflation I didn't mention distribution and distribution will be inflationary next year to the tune of double digits. I think North America carrier rates are expected to be up around 10% and in the spot market will be even much higher than that as we as we go into 2019. And then in terms of how things flow, I think we indicated that we're expecting stronger performance in the second half versus the first half as a number of factors play out. One, would be and expectation on commodity inflation, but even more so on - at the phasing of our pricing coming into the market and therefore into our P&L. There's a couple of areas on commodities where in the in the last month or so we've seen indications that some of the pressure will come off as the demand in China softens and there's some indication potentially of some inventory over there as well that as things work through in the first quarter we would expect some relief in a couple of areas versus where we were in the back half of the of the fourth quarter particularly in the area of fiber. Paul, if you have to say anything else just in terms of the phasing on commodities for next year.
Paul Alexander: No, I think that that's about right Maria. I think we're hopeful overall, but the headwinds are less significant in the second half, but we'll give you an update as we do every quarter.
Steve Strycula: Okay, great, so would you say then holistically for the year that would be safe to say the gross margin should be net positive for the year given by the back half of strength relative to the front half?
Maria Henry: What I'd say is we're expecting margin improvement in the 2019 plan and if you think about the pieces that I described particularly on pricing and secondarily on commodities that you would expect strength as that pricing comes into the market because given the 20% impact on margins that we're expecting on OPs from currency and commodity, the offset to that is price. So the margin improvement will be clearly affected by the timing of that pricing coming into the market.
Steve Strycula: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge.
Jonathan Feeney: Thanks very much. Two questions, within North America what have you been so successful recently in Pull-Ups, GoodNites and Depends versus diapers? Is there some matter just to focus there, brand quality or maybe structurally different dynamics? And secondly, the US drug channel has been an issue for some CPG companies we've seen both in the lower store traffic that's already happened and maybe looking forward to whatever the ultimate adoption of delivering online will bring. Is that an issue for you and how do you win in that channel specifically? Thank you.
Michael Hsu: Yeah, let me start maybe with the first part. I think on Pull-Ups, it's the fundamentals which is age with one [ph]. We're back on our big kid messaging which has worked for us over a long time and we tend to get I think more with - tired of it before the consumer gets tired of it and I think the focus there needs to be about bringing consumers into the category and showing them the benefits of what a training pant can do. So big focus on the big kid messaging and then also innovation and obviously innovation matters this category, we feel like we have our best ever Pull-Ups, obviously every year we should have our best ever Pull-Ups and we feel great about the product right now and that's what's driving the double digit growth in pants - in Pull-Ups and also GoodNites, which is even growing faster than Pull-Ups. So we feel great about that. I think - and then if you light it back or compare it to diapers, again elevate the category is the strategy and that's why it's an important strategy, which is what our opportunity to do is bring that same level of innovation and value added innovation to premiumize the diaper category and we're doing that in 2019. Too early for me to share with you the specifics, but we feel good about some of the news we have coming into the market place.
Maria Henry: And then drug channel?
Michael Hsu: Drug, yeah, I would say there is a little softness there and we're kind of working through that. We have great relationships with our drug customers and very, very good and I just saw some good news this past week on some of the things we're doing there. But again I think - overall I think you continue to have the challenges across channels in the US that you guys would expect, large format, small format, e-commerce and we're working through that.
Jonathan Feeney: Okay, very helpful. Thank you.
Michael Hsu: Thank you.
Operator: At this time, we have no other questions in the queue.
Paul Alexander: Alright, great. We appreciate all the questions today and we'll wrap up with a couple of closing thoughts from Mike.
Michael Hsu: Yeah, thank you for turning in and your support of Kimberly-Clark. We're going to make solid progress in 2019 and we're going to accelerate our growth while maintaining our strong financial discipline as we develop our K-C Strategy 2022. So thank you very much.
Paul Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's presentation. You may disconnect your phone lines, and thank you for joining us today.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Alexander - VP, IR Tom Falk - Chairman and CEO Mike Hsu - President and COO Maria Henry - CFO
Analysts: Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jason English - Goldman Sachs Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Bonnie Herzog - Wells Fargo Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley Stephen Powers - Deutsche Bank Wendy Nicholson - Citi Kevin Grundy - Jefferies Steve Garmaise - RBC Capital Markets Andrea Teixeira - JPMorgan Steve Strycula - UBS Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience and holding. We now have your presenters in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today's presentation, we will open the floor for questions. At that time, instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow if you'd like to as an audio question. It is now my pleasure to introduce today's first presenter, Mr. Paul Alexander.
Paul Alexander: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our conference call. Here with us today are Tom Falk, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Hsu, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Maria Henry, our CFO. Today's call will focus on three things, our third quarter 2018 results, our full-year outlook, and this morning's announcement that Mike Hsu has been elected Kimberly-Clark's next Chief Executive Officer, effective January 1, 2019. This morning, you'll hear from Tom, Mike, and Maria, and then we'll finish with Q&A. As usual, we have a presentation of today's materials in the Investor section of our Web site. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements this morning. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. Finally, we'll be referring to adjusted results and outlook; both exclude certain items described in this morning's earnings news release. That release has further information about these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. Now, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Falk: Thanks, Paul, and good morning everyone. I'd like to be the first to congratulate Mike Hsu on his upcoming move to become Chief Executive Officer of Kimberly-Clark. So congratulations, Mike. The Board of Directors and I have been working on this succession plan for several years, and it was my recommendation that Mike is the right choice and now is the right time. So this is a carefully planned and natural transition. And I'm confident Mike is the right leader to build on Kimberly-Clark's nearly 150-year legacy of caring for the needs of people around the world while delivering top-tier performance. He is passionate about our people, our brands and our businesses, and he has a deep understanding of what it takes to win in the marketplace. Now, let me hand the call over to Mike.
Mike Hsu: Good morning, everyone. First, I'd like to thank you, Tom, for your tremendous leadership of Kimberly-Clark over the past 35 years, especially the last 16 years as CEO. And during your tenure, you really transformed KC into one of the world's leading consumer products companies. You've also been a great mentor to me, and I'm honored to lead this great company, and I'm excited about our future. So now, back to the business at hand, I'm going to turn the call over to Maria to talk about the third quarter results.
Maria Henry: Okay. Well, congratulations, both Tom and Mike. Tom, your great leadership and mentorship since I joined in 2015, and Mike, looking forward to the future. So, as awkward as it is, I'm going to pivot to the headlines for the quarter, so let's get into it. Organic sales were up 1% driven by 3% growth in developing and emerging markets. Margins and operating profit were impacted by significant commodity inflation and negative foreign currency effects. Helping to partially offset those headwinds, we delivered strong cost savings and reduced overheard spending. And with the benefit of lower taxes, our adjusted earnings per share increased 7%. And finally, we continue to return cash to shareholders. Now, let's look at the details of the results, starting with sales. Our third quarter net sales were $4.6 billion, that's down 2% year-on-year with a three-point drag from currency rates. Organic sales increased 1% versus a year ago. Net selling prices and product mix each improved 1%, while volumes fell one point. Moving on to profitability, third quarter adjusted gross margin was 33.2%, down 250 basis points year-on-year. Third quarter adjusted operating margin was 17.4%, down 120 basis points. Commodities were a drag of $210 million in the quarter, primarily due to pulp and other raw materials. We're now expecting that full-year commodity inflation will be in the upper-half of our previous estimate of $675 million to $775 million. Foreign currencies were also a sizable headwind in the quarter, reducing operating profit by a high single-digit rate. On the other hand, we achieved $105 million of FORCE cost savings, including significant benefits from negotiated short-term raw material contracts. We also delivered $40 million of cost savings from our restructuring program. In terms of that program, we're making good progress overall, including closing a small consumer tissue converting facility in Latin America this quarter. In addition to the restructuring, we also continue to reduce our overhead costs. In total, between-the-line spending declined 150 basis points as a percentage of net sales. All in all, adjusted operating profit was down 8%. On the bottom line, third quarter adjusted earnings per share were $1.71, up 7% year-on-year. That included significant benefit from a lower tax rate, along with lower interest and share count. We now expect the full-year tax rate will be between 21% to 22%, which is better than our estimate of 23% from three months ago, largely because of some planning initiatives. I'm pleased that our effective tax rate is expected to be below target this year. Looking ahead at this point, I expect our rate in 2019 will move back up somewhere into the 23% to 26% range that we initially targeted for 2018. Therefore, we're expecting that the tax rate will be a pretty significant year-on-year earnings headwind for us in 2019. Now, let's turn to cash flow and capital efficiency. Cash provided by operations in the third quarter was $662 million, compared to $805 million in the year-ago quarter. The decrease included a $100 million U.S. pension plan contribution, restructuring payments, and the benefit of lower taxes. We continue to allocate capital in shareholder-friendly ways. Dividends and share repurchases totaled approximately $520 million in the third quarter. We expect the full-year amount will total $2.2 billion, in line with our $2.1 billion to $2.3 billion target. Looking at our segments; in Personal Care, organic sales were up 2%. Performance was led by developing and emerging markets, with organic sales up 5%. In terms of the highlights for D&E Personal Care this quarter, in Brazil, organic sales were up high-teens, including inflationary-driven prices increases and solid volume growth on diapers. In Argentina, organic sales were also up high-teens as price realization continues to accelerate, while our volumes, both for us and for the category, were down. In Eastern Europe, organic sales increased double-digits for the fourth consecutive quarter, with strong volume growth on Huggies and Kotex. In China, organic sales were down high-teens due to lower diaper sales and continued challenging market conditions. Elsewhere in Asia, [ASEAN] [ph], which represents about 3% of Kimberly-Clark sales across all of our business segments, ASEAN had strong double-digit organic sales growth in Personal Care driven by Huggies in Vietnam. Personal Care organic sales grew up 2% in North America. Infant and childcare volumes increased high single-digits compared to a mid single-digit decline last year. Pull-Ups training pants momentum remained strong, and Huggies diapers benefited from growth in e-commerce and the timing of promotional shipments. Adult care volumes were down mid single-digits, reflecting strong growth last year, changes in promotional timing, and competitive activity. Overall Personal Care segment operating margins continue to be healthy at 20.7% although down 40 basis points year-on-year. Switching to the Consumer Tissue segment, organic sales fell 2%. North America organic sales declined 5%, primarily due to lower promotional activity. Overall, our initiatives to improve net realized revenue led to a 2% increase in net selling prices, and a 1% improvement in mix. Developed markets outside of North America grew consumer tissue organic sales by 4% led by Western and Central Europe. Consumer Tissue segment operating margins were 14.4%. That's down 310 basis points, driven by commodity inflation and lower volumes, partially offset by higher pricing and cost saving. Lastly in our Kimberly-Clark Professional segment, organic sales grew 1%. In D&E market, KC professional organic sales grew 4%, driven by continued volume growth in Asia-Pacific. Organic sales were up slightly in North America, including volume growth in washroom products and wipers. KC Professional segment operating margins were 18.9%. That's down 160 basis points versus record performance last year. Results this year were impacted by commodity and currency headwind. In summary, our third quarter results were impacted by a difficult environment with depreciating currencies adding to continued significant commodity inflation. Nonetheless, we achieved higher net selling prices, delivered significant cost savings and reduced overhead spending, and we continue to allocate capital in shareholder-friendly ways. With that, I'll turn it back over to Mike to comment on our full-year outlook.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thanks, Maria. As most of you know, while the overall environment remains challenging, especially the commodity inflation and currency volatility, in the near-term, we are responding by aggressively managing our business up and down the P&L. At the same time, we continue to execute our long-term strategies to deliver sustainable growth. As we mentioned in this morning's news release, we are confirming our previous outlook for our key top and bottom line financial targets. On the top line, we continue to target organic sales growth of approximately 1%. That's equal to our actual performance through nine months. I am encouraged that we are making progress improving net selling prices. Pricing went from being down 1% in the first half to up 1% in the third quarter, and that's consistent with what we said in July when we indicated that pricing should be modestly positive in the back-half of the year. And in mid-August, we announced price increases on the majority of our consumer business in North America. Many of those increases will start to go into effect in the first quarter of 2019. Realizing higher selling prices will be important next year given that recent commodity forecast and foreign currency rates imply pretty significant headwinds again in 2019. Now, looking at commodities and currencies for 2018, we expect these factors will negatively impact our adjusted operating profit by slightly more than the 20% to 25% range we assumed in July. That's mostly because of the recent weakness in many foreign currencies, especially in Latin America. In addition, our commodity inflation outlook is a bit higher on average, and so, as a result our teams are further reducing cost and raising selling prices. In addition, as Maria mentioned, our outlook for this year's tax rate has improved. All in all, we continue to target bottom line adjusted earnings per share of 660 to 680 for the year. That's up 6% to 9% year-on-year. So let me wrap up with the following. First, I am extremely proud of the 40,000 KC employees around the world who are committed to our vision to lead the world in who are committed to our vision to lead the world in essentials for a better life. We have a strong senior leadership team in place to help lead this company forward. Second, while the current environment is challenging, I'm optimistic about the long-term opportunities we have to grow our brands around the world. And third, our teams are focused on improving our business, winning in the marketplace, and creating long-term shareholder value. So, that concludes our prepared remarks. And now, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, the floor is open for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Olivia Tong with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Olivia Tong: Thanks. Good morning. First, congrats Mike, and congrats Tom.
Tom Falk: Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Thank you.
Olivia Tong: Wanted to ask you about the progress on price in Q2, particularly in Personal Care, obviously North America was still negative but less so. So as we go into Q4, should we expect it to swing positive as some of your price plans take hold, or are there still promotions still planned that could express that realization? And then in the developing and emerging markets, it's nice to see also that that swung positive, but how much more can you price even if it is cost-justified given the macro challenges across several of the key markets?
Mike Hsu: Yes, Maria, maybe I'll comment on the first part. I think overall -- well, I think globally I would say our pricing overall is on track and that we're cautiously optimistic about the progress we're making, and that we will make progress, and you're probably well aware, we've taken pretty significant actions, especially in North America, Europe, and Latin America. North America and Europe, I think generally mid to high single-digit price increases on the brands we have increased prices on, and in Latin America, generally double-digit. At retail in North America, we've had the wide range of discussions that you'd probably expect us to have, but I think we're all in agreement that we're going to try to move forward and minimize the potential disruptive impact on consumers. But we recognize that the market does need to move upward. And right now, we're cautiously optimistic that the market is moving in the right direction. With regard to the D&E, I think it is a challenge. I mean, one of the headlines is the Argentinean consumer is highly stressed, and we are raising prices double-digits to offset both the commodity impacts and also the currency impacts. I mean, year-on-year in the diaper category the diaper price will increase almost 100% for this year, while their wages have increased generally about a quarter of that. So it's a challenge, but we are doing what we need to do to manage this business.
Olivia Tong: Got it
Mike Hsu: Thanks, Olivia.
Tom Falk: Go ahead, Olivia.
Olivia Tong: Oh, thank you. So, on China, you didn't touch on that, but with all the talk about the opportunity there, particularly in recent conferences. Are you concerned about the decline in China now that the volume is also down in addition to price? Was there any change in launch timing because I think you mentioned last quarter that you had some innovation coming. And I assume you still think this is just part of a cycle rather than a long-term market change so what are you doing to sort of shift the trajectory and what are the mile markers you're using to indicate where things stand?
Mike Hsu: Yes, I'm trying to -- obviously we're not satisfied with our performance right now in China. It remains our biggest long-term opportunity, but it's also a complex market and it's got its challenges. I think the team is pulling on all the right levers that you would want them to pull. And that starts with improving the product. And we are excited about the product enhancements we've made in the line, but that said, pricing did come down in the middle of Q2, and we're going to be competitive on price in that marketplace, but we believe -- I don't really believe that market out in China is commoditizing. We are seeing consumers still interested in new products and product quality. That said, a number of manufacturers have pulled pricing down, and so we're going to need to be competitive. But I do view it as a challenge. It's going to be ongoing for a while in the near-term, but long-term it's a big growth market. Volume for the year-to-date has been up high single digits, the challenge has been the pricing.
Olivia Tong: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Hey, good morning, folks. Thank you for the question. Michael, you guys have clearly faced a lot of headwinds in the last couple of years, and both on competition and cost. And you've pulled a lot of levers to minimize sort of the pain at the bottom line, including reductions in a lot of discretionary spend as Hsu has highlighted once again in your release. Do you believe your reductions in discretionary spend have left you competitively vulnerable?
Mike Hsu: One, I think the simple answer, Jason, is no. I think we're doing a -- the teams are doing a great job getting more efficient at cost. We had a very big global restructuring that we announced in the beginning of this year that is proceeding very, very well. I think we are identifying a lot of good opportunities for us to improve our efficiency. But however, we're still going to spend and we are spending this year in the right areas, product innovation, marketing programs, and sales execution are critical growth drivers for us, and that we feel like we're invested in the right areas. But we also had identified opportunities for us where we weren't spending efficiently, and we're managing that better, but Maria, any additional
Maria Henry: Yes, I think that's certainly the headline, Mike. But if you look at where we're taking the biggest amount of cost out it's in the general administrative types of activities. And on the discretionary activities like travel, consulting, those types of things, really pulling back and working differently in order to get done what we need to get done. We've also had a big focus on reducing non-working advertising costs, and that has really paid off for us this year. So we're leveraging the restructuring program to structurally drive down the cost base of the company, and that portion of that will be sustainable.
Mike Hsu: Yes. I think I'll note further, Jason, is I think overall, I think our in-market performance in most geographies is improving, especially in big markets and our big businesses in North America Consumer I think are getting better in diapers and in parts of Consumer Tissue. I think in many of our D&E markets, with one notable exception, China being that one, are having a good performance in their markets. So I think we are investing in the right places.
Jason English: Very helpful, thank you.
Tom Falk: Thanks, Jason.
Mike Hsu: Thanks, Jason.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: Hey, guys. Congrats Mike and Tom. A few questions for me, first, I guess we were a little surprised by the margin disappointment even with the startups and pricing looking -- this looks like, and it looks like we're going to now see continued pressure on EBIT given your guidance has worsened a little bit here. And a lot of that pressure looks like it's coming from Consumer Tissues, so that's pulp. But it looks like FORCE is a little bit behind what we'd expected. Pricing clearly is still on the comp and you got to believe it's going to happen. So, can you talk a little bit about the trajectory you expect your margins to look like over the next few quarters given all those moving parts.
Mike Hsu: Yes, I mean the trajectory will go up in the next few quarters. I think the challenge has been we announced our pricing in mid-August. And obviously most of that has not taken root yet. We did have net selling prices in Consumer Tissue up a couple of points this quarter in North America, which was good progress. That was related to some of the innovation and the desheet that we made more at the beginning of the year. So we've got more price increases coming through, generally mid to high single digits in North America, and we'll start to see that generally take place in the first quarter of 2019. And that includes Personal Care as well. And then in developing and emerging markets we have made significant progress, particularly in Latin America, but we've got huge currency headwinds there, and in Europe.
Maria Henry: Yes, and if I comment on the cost side, Ali, what I'd say for the quarter, that pulp was relatively stable if you look at the breakdown of what we gave on the 210, on inflation. In the other raw materials, polymer was worse than we expected in the third quarter, it was up 40% year-on-year, and we weren't expecting that coming in. On FORCE cost savings, that $105 million, I describe it as a solid number, but it was somewhat behind our expectation. We had some plant outages in our KCP business, and so we lost some momentum there on the FORCE cost savings within that segment in the quarter. And then the other big one is currency. And we had a significant drag from transactional currency in the quarter, particularly in Latin America, where we not only have the translational effect, but in those countries they're buying U.S. dollar-denominated pulp. And with the lower values currencies that's a double hit for that region of our business. So the transactional currency was a meaningful negative for us in the quarter.
Mike Hsu: Yes, interesting side note, I think if you add up and look at the quarter results, which that the breakdown is pricing and cost savings generally offset commodities. It was the unexpected hit in currency that probably left that a little soft there.
Ali Dibadj: So, just to follow-up on that a little bit, another question. One is, look, the pressure was in Consumer Tissue specifically on margins. That's just personally domestic business, number one, and looks like pulp is -- to your point, kind of stabilized. So better understanding there. And then on Latin America pricing, I mean if we're doing our math right, Argentina, call it 2% to 3% of your sales, 40% to 50% price inflation, so the bulk of your pricing actually came from that, right, just Argentina. So those are the follow-ups there. And then just a broader question, Mike, for you, as you look forward given all these moving parts and challenges. Are there pieces of the business that you think you want to spend more time on as you look forward for your vision for KMB?
Mike Hsu: Yes, let me come back to -- I'll address the Argentina. I think in Latin America we've taken fairly broad price increases in many markets, and most notably also Brazil. So it's more than just Argentina. And then Ali, I wasn't clear about your question about North America consumer tissue.
Ali Dibadj: Well, so I'm just saying your consumer tissue operating margins were where you really kind of had some pressure this quarter. And that's disproportionately in North America business. So you're taking the pricing in North America, it's not going to be resolved going forward by international pricing. So I'm trying to understand the trajectory of I guess the Consumer Tissue operating margin in particular as you go forward here was well.
Mike Hsu: Yes, I think in the quarter, obviously and the North America Consumer Tissue team has done a nice job trying to offset a lot of it. And it's a pretty big hit from a commodity impact. They've offset, I would say, about half of it. But obviously that's not good enough, and therefore -- which is why we did the initial price move in August, and we'll start to see that impact starting in January.
Tom Falk: And Ali, I would just add that margins were up sequentially in that business by 30 basis points, and so that's in line with what we were expecting given that the pricing, as Mike has said a couple of times, hasn't come in to the market yet.
Mike Hsu: Yes. And then maybe with regard to your third quarter, strategic direction, I'll give you a couple of thoughts. Right now I'm still focused on the job I'm in, which is we got to finish '18 strong, and so that's kind of where the focus is. We will have plenty of opportunity to talk strategic direction as this transition occurs, so I'll share more then. But I'll give you just a couple of thoughts, a few things. Here's what's not going to really change going forward, which is, one, we're going to continue to manage the business in a shareholder-friendly way or the focus on our shareholders. We're going to continue to operate with the balance on long-term perspective on what drives shareholder value. And the core tenants, as you would expect, Ali, I mean, it's a CPG business, so we're going to focus on innovation, brand building, in-market execution, and cost savings. And those are kind of the four areas that every company kind of manages. I think it's kind of how you assemble them. And so when you talk about maybe where the strategic emphasis is, I will tell you a couple of thought-starters that we've been working on. One is we've got big businesses in big developed markets. And I think we have -- they're inherently slower growing, but I think we have a big opportunity to elevate those categories and premiumize those categories, and make those categories worth paying more for. And the great thing that we have in our categories is we've got actual performance differences, and where performance really matters. So elevate our core business is the key opportunity for us. The other big opportunity obviously is the developing and emerging market potential. We need to continue to lead the world in driving our Personal Care business across D&E markets. It's a multi-billion-dollar opportunity over a long time. And I think we can do a better job driving the weight of that in our portfolio, and also how we lead market development across the important markets for us. The third big area is on the digital and ecommerce front. I think it can have a transformative impact on our business. I think our business really matters to our consumers and our retailers because of the ring they're spending in our categories, the frequency they're using it, and the long duration they earn our categories. And so we're going to really look to focus on how we transform our business through digital and ecommerce. So those are a couple of thought-starters. I don't know if that answers your question.
Ali Dibadj: It helps. And look forward to chatting more about it. Congrats again.
Tom Falk: Thanks, Ali.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Wells Fargo.
Bonnie Herzog: Thank you. Good morning, and congrats to both Tom and Mike. I have a question on your 1% organic sales growth in the quarter. I'm wondering if this performance was better or maybe worse than your expectations internally. I guess I'm thinking about this in the context of your fourth quarter expectations, which imply that your organic sales growth won't accelerate sequentially for you to meet your 1% full-year guidance. So I guess I'm wondering why this is and how you guys are thinking about the impact of some of the pricing actions you've mentioned.
Mike Hsu: I think, Bonnie, overall, about on track for us. I mean, year-to-date we're up about 1%. We're expecting for the full-year to kind of be on that path. And the important thing is what I mentioned a little earlier. We are seeing improved performance in many of our key markets, including in North America and most of our D&E markets. In a lot of D&E markets we're up a few points on share in our key categories, and we are seeing good organic growth.
Bonnie Herzog: Okay. And then I had a couple of questions on private label. First, I was curious to hear from you why we're not seeing more trade-up into branded products from private labels especially given the current strength across the U.S. macro environment and the consumer. And then second, we're hearing a lot of the private label has followed on pricing. So could you guys confirm this? And then wondering how you see the relative price gaps narrowing, and if you think this should encourage more trade-up to your brands. Thanks.
Mike Hsu: Yes, I would love to see more trade-up faster. I think the recent private label trends are a little mixed. If you look at our categories, I think in the third quarter private label was up in three -- down in three, and flat in two, so overall kind of mixed. It was up a bit more across the Consumer Tissue categories for us. I think we are seeing though improved performance in parts of our tissue business, particularly bath tissue, both Scott 1000 and Cottonelle, Kleenex Premium side, and our towels business is also performing better. I think the focus there for us is we really are focused on the product experience and bringing innovation, and those are areas, particularly on bath tissue this year, we brought really good innovation on it. I think that's why we are seeing improved performance there. Now, as Maria mentioned, our overall organic in Consumer Tissue, North America, for the quarter was down five. A lot of that was associated with some promotion shifts that we had or decreases in promotional spending that we're making to try to improve profitability of the business. The underlying base performance of the business and the brands, particularly in bath, I think is improving.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Great, thank you. Good morning. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the adult incontinence category in U.S. So I think that when Procter reentered the category the conversation was sort of more activity more advertising raises awareness, raises the profile of the category and grows the category. So share wasn't really the right metric to be watching. But recently, and you mentioned in the release, but also is it in the Nielsen data that actually sales trends have turned negative. So can you talk a little bit about what's going on in that business, if there was something in the quarter in particular in terms of promotional timing that may have impacted it, or if in fact it's now not just a share game or not just share isn't the indicator we should be watching, it's actually the sales growth? Thanks.
Mike Hsu: Yes, Lauren. In North American adult care I think it's also a soft area for us that we want to improve our performance. And I think the team is addressing it. But one is, that's probably the one category in North America where competitive and promotional activity remains fairly elevated. We are still seeing some aggressive couponing out there. And so that's kind of the environment we're operating in. Also in that, I think the opportunities for us is we have had some negative distribution changes that the team is working to correct. And we're also working on some product improvements as well. So I think it's a competitive category, there is still growth inherent in that business, the focus for us going forward is to make sure that we are focused on driving category growth. I'll note that, you know, I think before our P&G reentered, we are growing low double-digits or even mid double-digits for a number of years, and that growth has slowed down with maybe a little more competitive activity. And my hypothesis would be a little bit more too much emphasis competing versus marketing message, driving category expansion, which is what we're getting back to, and we're going to focus on bringing consumers back into the category, we call new category entrance, back into the category.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, that's really helpful. And then also with that as backdrop, and it feels like, Procter, primary competitor is behaving a bit differently in terms of in-store execution, may be working with retailers a bit differently to work on their display space and activity in store. So can you tell us -- talk about if in your businesses, you've already mentioned maybe some distribution losses on in continents, but if you feel like you are still getting your fair share of activity in the store, if there needs to be sort of a change in perspective on how you're working with retailers to get support for your innovation in store?
Mike Hsu: Yes, I would say that, well, we feel like we are getting our fair share of performances, as the opportunity for us is, we can still enhance and improve our in-store execution globally. That's a big opportunity for us, and given -- I spent some years in sales, I mean, I tend to be a little obsessed with our performance there, and still think we have an opportunity to improve. And so, well, we can respect what our competitors are doing, we see our own opportunities, and well, there's parts of our -- a lot of our performance, we're pretty pleased with. We know we can be a lot better, and we're going to focus there.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, good morning. Congrats, Tom and Mike. So I have two main questions. First, I guess this is just more of a forward-looking version of Jason's question, but I'd love to hear about any plans going forward in terms of reinvestment by the business in marketing or other areas under your leadership, Mike, it's typical that a new CEO often chooses to take the opportunity to reinvest in the business, there's been some market share pressure recently, theoretically, you need to support the business post pricing. So just given those factors, should we expect more reinvestment by the business as you look going forward? Could it be significant, or are you pretty comfortable with the level of investment that you're planning for leaving 2018? And then also, Mike on 2019, I know you won't provide guidance today, but you did sort of go out of your way to cite the recent commodity forecasts and forward currency rates implies some significant headwinds. Maria mentioned the tax rates going back up significantly. It seems like some of those headwinds are worse than you would have expected a few months ago. So I'm just curious, are there additional areas you're sort of coming up with and help offset those pressures? Obviously, given also a lot of price increases, is it possible to get more going forward, you know, another round of pricing? Is there more room on the cost side where you've been effective for the last few years, beyond the specific programs you've outlined? It just feels like some of those headwinds could be pretty significant for next year. So I'm wondering about sort of some of the offsets the other way. Thanks.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Okay, maybe I'll start, and then maybe Maria, we could talk a little bit too, but
Maria Henry: Yes.
Mike Hsu: I think the first part is on the investment, and there's probably not a General Manager in any company that would say they're happy with the overall investment levels. And so, while we spend it, what's average for a CPG, what I like to put more behind good ideas, yes, and that's a big reason why we've done the restructuring, and that's to provide fuel for reinvestment, which we are doing in some cases. I think also if you think about what I just talked about with Ali, which is that the three kind of planks elevate the core of our business, lead a Personal Care development across D&E markets, and drive our digital e-commerce growth. I think those are areas that would be good candidates for investment. As we think about how do we build out our market positions in international markets and leading market development, I think that could -- there could be investment dollars well spent after that, or in terms of how we fund innovation, and so, we are going to do some of those things. I don't think we're ready to share the details of that yet, and that's still to come. So I think I think that's part -- maybe one. I think with regard to the -- what you're asking about maybe the outlook, one is, we are not -- our practice is not to give guidance on 2019, right now. We'll do that in January, and that's kind of how we do that and so we're going to stick to that. I will tell you a couple things, so just to kind of get -- since we are talking -- just to give you a little more context, we are going to continue focus on building a holistic plan, and that means focusing on the proven long-term drivers like innovation, brand building, and cost efficiency. So, we're going to do that. However, it's fair to say that near-term challenge has become more difficult with commodity inflation, and you should see that you can probably see that the commodity and currency impact has amplified over the last two or three months. Just for reference, I think in this year the commodity and currency combined is equal to about $1 of EPS negative impact on the P&L. So, we expect that commodity and currency to be further headwind next year. And part of that is some of our contracted terms, for some of our key commodities like pulp are probably unlikely to be as favorable as they are this year, given the current environment. And so, with that, and we got that to work through. Our tax rate is going to be a drag, but the pricing and the cost savings are obviously going to be a help for us next year. So we are going to give you more specific guidance as we get back to January, but those were a few thoughts.
Maria Henry: Yes, I don't think I have any anything to add. Obviously, we will update you in January when we are together, and the comments that we are making on a couple of those items that are just in the spirit of transparency to make sure you know what we are thinking in a couple of areas as we all start to think more about 2019.
Dara Mohsenian: Okay, thanks.
Mike Hsu: Thanks Dara.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stephen Powers with the Deutsche Bank.
Stephen Powers: Great, thank you. Mike, Tom, congrats. If we take a step back versus where we were a few quarters ago, it feels to me as though the broader discussion, not just for you for the industry as a whole has turned down a bit in terms of any potential tension between CPG suppliers and retailers, and I'm curious if you agree with that and if so also your perspective as to why? Because from the outside, it feels like the dialog is somewhat more constructive today, but I wonder, if that's just potentially rooted in the fact that the retailers themselves don't feel -- don't seem to be acting quite so aggressively towards one another. Amazon is arguably operating with more of a bottom line focus than a year ago when it was prioritizing pure customer acquisition. Our discounters haven't taken over the world, consumers are generally healthy spending, Walmart is doing well et cetera. And it feels like that has all helped to create a relative true sub retail, which in turn I'd argue has opened up a window for yourselves and other CPG players to pursue some pricing, and I guess I'm just trying to figure out, am I making things up, do you agree with that summary in broad terms? And then to the extent you do agree, I guess what is the more normal state of affairs, what we are living through now, which is arguably less intense or the more aggressive environment that we saw two, three, four quarters ago? Thanks.
Tom Falk: Steve, maybe I'll start since I haven't answered the question for a while, and you have to listen to the sound of my voice a little while longer, but I guess I would say -- I'll let Mike build on this is that I don't think it was ever pointed as bad as investors thought it was, and I think every retailer that I've called -- I know Mike would probably echo this, they want to hear from you, how you are going to help them grow their category, and how you are going to help execute their strategies. And so, as long as you are bringing value to that conversation and bringing innovation and putting it behind brands that are important to consumers that shop in their stores, you are going to have a pretty constructive conversation, where you have challenges with retailers as if your innovation isn't working, your service is lousy or those kinds of things. Those are the most difficult discussions, and thankfully, we usually stack up pretty well on that front. I think most of the retailers, they read the business newspapers and know what's happening to commodity costs and know what's happening to exchange rates. And so, they aren't shocked when you when you come in with a pricing conversation. I think the -- where you really start to get their attention though is when you pivot to talking about innovation and what you are going to do to make the category bigger and how you are going to close the execution with a customer in their store, but Mike, maybe you can build on that.
Mike Hsu: I definitely agree with Tom, which is I think the tone of discussion with retailers has been consistent over the last several years, and I don't think last year was any different. I think it probably got bigger play in a few areas, and maybe part of what's maybe what you are perceiving as changes, the improved growth in the infant childcare category, as it relates to us. I think last year in the middle of the year, ICC was down about 5% in value. I think that was kind of a rude awakening and caused quite a concern amongst us and the retailers. And so what's changed this year is we were down five in July last year, the category now in this latest quarter is up three, huge swing, and I think that probably has changed what you might perceive as a tone, but I think the -- in the meeting discussions and the tone of discussions with customers has been consistent last year, this year, the year before.
Stephen Powers: Okay, that's great. And Tom thanks for weighing in, we did miss you so far this call. Maybe just one quick, one quick clean-up if I could, Maria, on the tax rate, the lower tax rate in 2018, is that -- to interpret that is benefiting free cash flow and cash -- is that a cash tax benefit or is it more just an income statement benefit?
Maria Henry: No, it's also on cash side of the house. So we did have a nice benefit on cash taxes in the third quarter, and that helped to offset things like cash bet we spent on the restructuring and also held cover the lower operating costs that we had in the quarter.
Stephen Powers: Okay, perfect. And so, for '19, that step-up back to the more normal tax rate would also be a more normal cash tax step-up as well?
Maria Henry: Yes, that's right.
Stephen Powers: Perfect, okay, thank you so much.
Maria Henry: Fair.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Wendy Nicholson with Citi.
Wendy Nicholson: Hi, just as a follow-up on the question on the taxes, I mean, it feels to an outsider that the lower taxes are helping you make your earnings target for this year, which is great, but I'm wondering given how many categories or markets or situation specifically that you referenced, where competitive activity has intensified whether you debated internally, hey, let's take some of that benefit from those lower taxes, and plough them back into more competitive spending immediately. So forget the earnings guidance range, but just increase our competitive investment or promotion or advertising or whatever it is or hurry up on the new product activity to insulate some of your market shares, whether it's in China, whether it's in -- continents et cetera, et cetera. And then sort of bigger picture, you know, Mike, if you look at the business, advertising spending is down if you think 3.5% of sales maybe this year, down from almost 4% just a few years ago, and your business has shifted I would argue to categories and markets, where advertising spending is arguably more important than it was five years ago. So as you look forward over the next five years, do you think 3.5% of sales and advertising is right, do you think you need to migrate back up to the 4% maybe even higher given how intensive competitive these markets are et cetera, et cetera? Thanks so much.
Tom Falk: Okay, Wendy, I will start on the et cetera, et cetera part, and then let Mike hold it. I guess I would come -- maybe coming back to the tax rate discussion, some of that is a discrete activity putting the extra $100 million in the pension plan, which we get to deduct that last year's tax rates created a tax benefit that was one-time deal, really as part of the whole new tax bill and figuring out what options you have under that to create shareholder value was clearly a separate discussion. As you look at the investment behind the business, I mean, we're more or less investing on plan behind the right innovation in the right market. So I would say let's show up and share, I mean I think we're up in high 50s of category country intersections that we track, and feel like we're generally investing at about the right levels. We're also generating a significant amount of non-working media savings as part of the restructuring, a lot of that's been reinvested in advertising and promotion activities. And so, I think the team is pivoted to driving price increases in the back-half which we need. There are times where you may be focused on that, and miss some other opportunities, but I still think that's the right thing to be focused on, but I'll let Mike build on that.
Mike Hsu: Yes, Wendy, overall yes, I would like to get the advertising spending. That said, at our number, you can't read too much into that number these days because it goes into a lot of lines. And so, for example, there is two things going on, which -- for example, digital online spend sometimes can be slotted into the promotion even though it may feel more like an advertising expense. So, there's a lot of differences going on there. The other thing is given all the innovation that's occurring in a digital media, our ROIs are improving significantly. And so we're really excited about that. And I think that has a big impact for businesses like ours that are more continuity based or that are consumers in the category for a long time every day. And so I'm pretty excited about that. But overall, if you think about the areas that I had mentioned earlier around elevating the core, D&E markets and digital, yes, I would like to get us to spend more.
Tom Falk: I don't know if this will make you feel any better, Wendy, we are not going to -- I think we are not disclosing this, but in the quarter, our advertising spend was above the full-year average by a small amount. So we're spending at the right levels even in this quarter.
Wendy Nicholson: It does make me feel better. And thank you, Tom, it's been a pleasure knowing you, and congratulations on your retirement.
Tom Falk: Thanks, Wendy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Thanks, good morning, everyone, and congratulations, Mike and Tom as well. Mike, one question for you, broadly here, I was hoping to get your updated thoughts -- and we've touched on a lot of these issues throughout the call, which is balancing some of these pricing objectives given some of the margin degradation that you're seeing here with market share trends, which I'm sure you guys are a little bit disappointed, particularly in the U.S. in just one data point as we look at the Nielsen data, I mean, for the most recent four-week period, we have Kimberly-Clark losing market share in every single one of its major categories, which I'm sure can't be satisfying to you. So maybe you can talk a little bit about that. It also touches on an issue which was brought up earlier. Are you willing to sacrifice near-term profitability to restore lost market share, how important is some of this lost market share, particularly some of these losses to private label, in tissue and towels and then just broadly a discussion around market share, how worrisome this is and your level of confidence and we'll see this improve here in the near-term. So thanks for all that.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Kevin, let me start with like the foundational principle, which is like, we exist to deliver a strong proposition to our consumers and that's what we're focused on, and that's the only way you can win over the long-term and I fundamentally believe in that. And that does go along with market share over the long-term. I think in the quarter in North America I think our data given a lot of that is probably slightly different. And so I have us up or even in five out of eight categories. There's a lot of activity going on in the club channel and also in online. So I think that's one. And then what I was saying earlier, I think our performance is broadly improving across many markets in D&E. In Russia, I think, we were up three points in diapers and up a point or so in feminine care. In Latin America, including both Brazil and Argentina, we're up two or three share points in diapers and up a point or two in feminine care. So we are seeing improved performance and we are very focused on market share. And we have to recognize that we need to drive and you need to focus on driving the right value proposition which guides a lot of the pricing activity.
Kevin Grundy: Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Thanks, Kevin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets.
Steve Garmaise: Good morning, this is actually Steve Garmaise on for Nik, and we'd also like to echo congratulations to Tom and Mike, and then we were hoping just kind of building off that last question if you could talk about e-commerce and your market share positioning online versus offline and then what plans you had in place to further increase your share online? Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Yes, again, e-commerce, I think proceeding very well for us. Our online shares generally are ahead of our offline shares. We're even. The three big markets for us are China, Korea and the U.S. Although we are seeing some growth in some other markets as well. Overall, our business this year year-to-date is up double-digits as it was strong double-digits last year. And so we feel good about that. I think maybe the looking forward part, Steve, is -- we think we can leverage it even more effectively going forward. I mean, the teams are innovating in terms of how they deal with their e-commerce channel partners. Most recently, I think we were ranked number one in advantage in dealing with e-commerce in China which was off the press. I don't even think a lot of us is -- you know, some of our team internally have seen that data yet. But pretty exciting news and I know that teams are doing a great job around the world and also it's driving great efficiencies in terms of how they're spending and how they're driving their results.
Tom Falk: And Steve, I will just add that we just want to be present with the right offer and the right product mix wherever mom wants to shop. And so, we are doing a lot of e-comm. We are also doing a ton of a lot of our brick and mortar retailers who are doing click and collect. And we're -- that's not really captured in any of our data, but every retailer we serve is working on that. And so, yes, we really want to make sure we've got the right part, the right offer wherever mom is looking to do her shopping and that's really overall strategy.
Steve Garmaise: That's great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Thanks. Hi, good morning, and Tom, Mike congrats on the news. So Maria on the upper end of commodity headwinds what are your embedded assumption for pulp and oil prices? And on a separate question to all of you in the competitive environment particularly North America and China - and I appreciate all the comments, but had volume now 8% in North America in consumer tissue and also declines in China too. So what are you going to do in terms of continued volume share losses? Or you are just timing as your key competitive is putting more money behind innovation while you are cutting? And given the commodity tax headwinds into 2019, should we assume that you'll continue to be cautious on the investment in marketing or just broadly as you said before not commenting on 2019 but you expect that the investment in innovation to pick up as you progress into 2019? Thank you.
Maria Henry: Sure. I'll ahead and start with some of that commodity questions that you have. Running through our assumptions on the key commodities, we are expecting that eucalyptus will be up about 20% for the full year. The same with polymer that we are expecting it will be up more than 20% for the full year. And then on SAM, super-absorbent, we are expecting that for the full year, it will be up low double digit. And so those are our commodity expectations. And I think something that worth noting is if you look at commodities and currencies combined for the full year, we are expecting that to be about just over a 25% drag on our operating profit. So, it is significant for the year.
Tom Falk: Yes, on the - on the competitive front, Andrea, I think the I would say is in North America, I think it's mixed performance. But overall I think improving. And if you take North America infant and childcare, obviously I have mentioned that the category trends are improving, but the category trends were improving I think because of our performance. More recently our share is up about a poiny the quarter. Huggies volume was up mid-single digit, Pull-ups volume or childcare volumes were up low double digits. And so we feel good about where that is. And I think the category is responding well to innovation that we put out there. I think in consumer tissue one of the big things is that we have been dialing back in our promotional activity. And that does come with some volume and share impacts. The big challenge given all the commodity inflation this year, it's a significant headwind. And I think the team has a done a good job chopping that back. But one of the levers they have pulled is pricing both in terms of sheet count reductions but also including promotion reductions. And so that's what we are seeing some of the effects there. And then the other that I mentioned, yes, adult care has been challenge. I think it was down about 3 points in share. And that's kind of the big focus area for us where we need to improve.
Andrea Teixeira: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Steve Strycula with UBS.
Steve Strycula: Hi, good morning. So, I had a question on China diapers. Wanted to know if you didn't say already, how did this business trend on the year-over-year basis? And competitively speaking where are we in the shakeout of the industry? Are you seeing new local competitors and regional entrants? Has that kind of reached an asymptote, or are we now seeing a point where there is a little bit of fallout in the industry? And then I have a follow-up.
Mike Hsu: Yes, I think, Steve, I would say the competitive intensity in China in the last few quarters or maybe the last couple of years has escalated. And just to give you some reference, our personal care organic sales in the quarter were down in the high teens. We had strong growth in fem care but that was not enough to offset some of declines in diapers for us. And so, diaper pricing dropped in the market by about 15 to 20% back in Q2. And so we are working our way through that. And that's kind of blown through our business and impacted our business right now. Overall, volumes as I mentioned earlier, I think volumes in the category were up high single digits so far this year. But with pricing, the category is about flat or even slightly down in terms of value terms. So despite all these price moves personally I don't believe the category is commoditizing. And some of the effects you are seeing are consumers that are trying new products local products that they perceive to be interesting or of high quality or have attributes that they are interested in. We have responded by upgrading our products. And we are really excited about the offering that we have out there. However, some of that impact is muted because of all the price activity. China is critical for us. It's the largest market in the world right now in diapers. It's going to continue to be, and we will continue to grow. And so, we are going to compete in China for the long term. And we are going to focus on the right value drivers, which includes a great product offering, the right marketing and obviously a competitive price.
Steve Strycula: Okay, great. And then I have a quick follow-up across your three -- top three diaper markets online, China, Korea, and United States, could you just comment for context what the penetration is roughly across this market? And on the last call you mentioned that private labels currently under indexing online. What's structurally is driving that in your view relative to brick and mortar? Thank you.
Mike Hsu: Maybe the first part, I think so overall in Korea very highly developed in terms of our overall diaper sales online -- it's almost 90% online development. And China tends to be that - the overall category is about 50 or slight over 50%. And the U.S. is little bit more behind. I would say right now it's in the mid teens overall. And part of the - when you talk to our retail partners across the country, they all say the same thing that the U.S. is still a car culture. And as long as they have cars, people are still going to want to shop in the store. But we are seeing very good growth in North America as well. And then sorry, Steve, I missed the second part of your question.
Steve Strycula: Yes, on the last call you mentioned a private label under indexing online relative to the share at brick and mortar order. So just curious what do you see as structurally driving that, and I imagine that fosters very good repeat rates purchase rates because this is almost a subscription-like business.
Mike Hsu: Yes. I don't have a good hypothesis right now as to why that private label is under indexing. I would say that the reason some of our business is not performing well online is there is a lot of online marketing activity and digital marketing activity that we put in place to drive that. And the tools are becoming increasingly sophisticated and our teams are getting better are managing and marketing through those tools. And so that might be a reason why you see lower development levels of private label
Tom Falk: And then, Steve, I'll chime in on that one. I would say two things, one is physical store environment, you get to interact with the product. And so you can see packaging. You may not be able to necessarily touch and feel the product, but you know what you are getting whereas online you know you are getting if you are buying a brand but may not know what you are going to get on private label. So it is little bit of a hurdle on that front. And then secondly, I mean a large super seller may have a 50 to 100,000 items in distribution, and e-tailer may have a couple million items on their distribution. So this is a complexity of managing private label across a number of different categories is not trivial and that could be another factor.
Maria Henry: Yes, and also the failure rate issue, we are concerned that consumer have our product that you have think about what they are and what they do for the consumer that having a trusted brand is important. And when you are shopping online and you don't have that ability to interact with the brand that -- as Tom described, consumers tend to migrate in our categories to brands.
Steve Strycula: Great. Thank you. Congrats to both.
Mike Hsu: Thanks.
Tom Falk: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning, and Tom, thanks, congrats on a great run. Mike, congrats and best of luck. A question on mix, I have three questions on that really. What is the biggest -- I noticed positive mix, not only broadly but in each of the segment is what are the biggest one or two sources of that positive mix would you say? Is there something that's intentional and maybe tactical this year as a way of another way of coping with higher commodity prices? And about how much of a positive factor in adjusted gross margin, if any, is mix because I know you think of the business in terms of total dollars. Thank you very much.
Tom Falk: Yes, I'll start. Is it intentional? Absolutely. So, typically we would like all of our innovation to be mixed accretive. And to your further point about pricing challenges, and if you can't get price easily you try to give mixed. And so, the teams will try to up-sell the better value performing item. And so, our sales teams are absolutely motivated by that. Now sometimes you can see mixed drag as the business grows in some of the larger format packs, which can be a countervailing force on that, but by and large, we would hope day-in and day-out, we're doing some things that will give us some improvement on mix and offset some of the headwinds that we face from growth in other channels.
Maria Henry: Yes. And on the profit question, the positive mix was definitely a contributor both in the third quarter and year-to-date.
Jonathan Feeney: Thanks very much.
Tom Falk: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we have no further questions in the queue.
Tom Falk: All right. We appreciate everyone's questions this morning. We'll conclude the call, and we look forward to speaking with you in January. Everybody have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes this morning's presentation. You may disconnect your phone lines, and thank you for joining us this morning.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Alexander - VP, IR Maria Henry - SVP & CFO Michael Hsu - President, COO & Director  Thomas Falk - Executive Chairman & CEO
Analysts: Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Stephen Powers - Deutsche Bank Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bonnie Herzog - Wells Fargo Securities Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Bank Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Andrea Teixeira - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Kevin Grundy - Jefferies
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience in holding. We now have your presenters in conference. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to introduce today's first presenter, Mr. Paul Alexander.
Paul Alexander: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Here with me today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mike Hsu, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Maria Henry, our CFO. Here's the agenda for the call. Maria will begin with the review of second quarter results. After that, Mike will provide his perspectives on our results and the outlook for the full year. We'll finish with Q&A with Tom, Mike and Maria. As usual, we have a presentation of today's materials in the Investors section of our website. Now as a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statement today. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. Lastly, we'll also be referring to adjusted results and outlook. Both exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. The release has further information about these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. And now, I'll turn it over to Maria.
Maria Henry: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining the call. I'll start with the headlines for the quarter. Organic sales were even year-on-year as growth in international markets was offset by lower sales in North America. Margins and operating profit were impacted by significant commodity inflation. Helping to offset those headwinds, we delivered strong cost savings and reduced overhead spending and our adjusted earnings per share were up 7%. And finally, we're on track with our restructuring program. Moving on to the details of our results, starting with sales. Our second quarter net sales were $4.6 billion, that's up 1% year-on-year with a 1 point benefit from currency rates. Organic sales were even with the year ago. Mix improved by 1%, while volumes fell less than 1% and net selling prices were down slightly. On profitability, second quarter adjusted gross margin was 33.4%, down 270 basis points year-on-year. Second quarter adjusted operating margin was 16.8%, down 100 basis points. Commodities were a drag of $200 million in the quarter primarily due to higher pulp costs, and secondarily, inflation in other raw materials. We're now expecting that full year commodity cost inflation will be between $675 million and $775 million. On average, that's $250 million more than we assumed in April, and $375 million more than what we planned in our original plan in January. While commodities are higher than expected, our teams continue to do a great job delivering cost savings and tightly managing overhead and discretionary spending. We achieved $110 million of FORCE cost savings in the quarter, and we're now targeting $425 million to $450 million of savings for the year, that's $25 million to $50 million higher than our original target, including more value from negotiated raw material contracts. In addition, we delivered $40 million of cost savings from our restructuring program. We're accelerating actions where feasible, and we now expect full year savings between $100 million and $120 million. That's $50 million higher than our original target. In addition to the restructuring, we continued to reduce overhead costs. In total, between-the-lines spending declined by 180 basis points as a percent of net sales. All in all, adjusted operating profit was down 5%. On the bottom line, second quarter adjusted earnings per share were $1.59, up 7% year-on-year. That included about 7 points of earnings growth from a lower tax rate, along with benefits from lower interest expense and share count. We expect our full year adjusted effective tax rate will be at the low end of our 23% to 26% target range. Let's turn to cash flow and capital efficiency. Cash provided by operations in the second quarter was $787 million compared to $825 million in the year ago quarter. This decrease was in line with our expectation, and it includes cash restructuring payments and the benefits of lower taxes. We continue to allocate capital in shareholder-friendly ways. Dividends and share repurchases totaled approximately $575 million in the second quarter, and we continue to expect the full year amount will total $2.1 billion to $2.3 billion. Looking at our segment results. In Personal Care, organic sales were down 1%. Net selling prices declined 2%, while product mix improved 1 point. Overall Personal Care operating margins remained healthy at 20.4%, although down 50 basis points year-on-year. In Consumer Tissue, organic sales fell 1%. Volumes decreased 3%, while net selling prices increased about 2% and product mix improved slightly. Consumer Tissue operating margins of 14.1% were down 260 basis points. Significantly higher pulp costs and lower volumes were partially offset by cost savings, lower overhead spending as well as favorable selling prices and product mix. In our K-C Professional business, organic sales grew 2%, with gains in all major geographies. Volumes and product mix each increased 1%. K-C Professional operating margins of 19.2% were down 80 basis points compared to a strong year ago quarter. Results were impacted by commodity inflation, partially offset by cost savings and benefits from top line growth. In summary, our second quarter results were impacted by difficult environment particularly with significant commodity inflation. Nonetheless, we are achieving strong cost savings, we're making good early progress with our restructuring program and we continue to allocate capital in shareholder-friendly ways. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Michael Hsu: Thanks, Maria. Good morning, everyone. Today I'm going to focus my comments on organic sales, pricing and our full year outlook. As Maria just mentioned, organic sales were even in the quarter. That said, organic sales were up 1% year-to-date, which is right in line with our full year target. Let me spend a few minutes on our 3 main growth priorities for 2018. Our first priority is to strengthen and grow our core businesses. In North American consumer products, following the strong first quarter, organic sales were down 2% in the second quarter. Halfway through the year, which is a better indicator of our performance because of some changes in our promotional shipments, volume is up 2% and organic sales were even year-on-year. Our year-to-date market shares are up or even year-on-year in 5 of 8 product categories. We've launched a number of innovations and are supporting our brands with strong marketing and promotion programs. Overall, these initiatives are on track with our expectations. In our K-C Professional business, second quarter organic sales were up 2% in North America, with volume growth in all major product categories. K-C Professional organic sales increased 3% in developing and emerging markets, led by Asia Pacific. In developed markets outside North America, organic sales rose 1%. In South Korea, while our diaper business continues to be impacted by a lower birth rate, our other brands are growing nicely. Now let me turn to our second key priority, which is to accelerate Personal Care growth in developing and emerging markets. Second quarter organic sales for these businesses were even year-on-year. In China, organic sales were down about 10%. Competitive promotion activity in the diaper market has increased and we are responding appropriately. During the second quarter, we launched our upgraded Huggies premium diaper. And this quarter, we're rolling out an improved premium diaper pant. We continue to be optimistic about these innovations, although in the near term, we do expect market conditions will remain challenging. In Brazil, organic sales were up mid-single digits compared to a high single digit decline in the base period. Volumes were up slightly despite a modest impact from the country-wide transportation strike. Pricing has now turned positive following the increases we've implemented this year. In Argentina, organic sales were up mid-single digits. Price realization continues to be positive, while volumes for us in the category are down, which reflects the difficult economic conditions. In Eastern Europe, organic sales increased double digits for the third consecutive quarter. Volumes rose double digits on both Huggies and Kotex behind innovations, strong marketing programs and continued expansion outside of Russia. In terms of our market positions, trends are positive in most of these key markets. Shares are up in Brazil, Argentina and Eastern Europe, but down in China diapers. Regarding our third growth priority, which is to further build digital and e-commerce capabilities, we continue to make good progress. Our digital marketing programs, joint customer business plans and investments in tools are producing good results. Online sales continue to grow at healthy double-digit rates so far this year. Now let me switch to the topic of selling prices. In April, I outlined several of our actions to improve net realized revenue. That included sheet-count reductions in North American bath tissue, price increases in Latin America and other international markets and initiatives globally in K-C Professional. These actions are broadly on track and our pricing trends are improving. Net selling prices have gone from being down 2% in the fourth quarter last year to down 1% in the first quarter this year and down about 0.5 point in the second quarter. We expect overall pricing in the second half to turn modestly positive, mostly because of the actions we've taken in the first 6 months of the year. We will also be lapping elevated promotion activity in North America, especially in the fourth quarter. Still, given the headwinds we face, it's clear that we need more pricing. As a result, our businesses around the world, including North America, are closely evaluating further opportunities to increase net selling prices. We anticipate that nearly all the impact from any potential actions would start to show up in our results next year. Now let me turn to our outlook. Clearly, the near-term environment has become more challenging, and we are responding by aggressively reducing costs and increasing selling prices. At the same time, we continue to execute our long-term strategies to deliver balanced and profitable growth. We continue to innovate, support our brands with category-building marketing campaigns, pursue targeted growth initiatives and improve key capabilities. We also continue to focus on sustainable cost reductions, while we implement our global restructuring to make our company even stronger for the long haul. In terms of our specific targets for the year on the top line, we continue to target organic sales growth of approximately 1%. On the other hand, the outlook on foreign currency has gotten considerably worse since April, we now expect currencies will have a neutral to 1% negative impact on our net sales. 3 months ago, we expected a 1% to 2% positive impact. On the bottom line, we are now targeting full year 2018 adjusted earnings per share of $6.60 to $6.80. Our previous outlook was $6.90 to $7.20. To put that reduction in perspective, we're now expecting that commodities and currencies will be a combined year-on-year operating profit headwind of about 20% to 25%. Our original plan for the year included a net drag in the high single-digit to low double-digit range. We expect to offset approximately half the additional headwinds with more benefits from pricing, cost savings and spending reductions. In summary, we are aggressively managing our business to benefit near-term results in a challenging environment. At the same time, we're executing our long-term strategies to create sustainable shareholder value. That wraps up our prepared remarks, and now we'll begin to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: So I have a few questions here. One is, you mentioned a couple of times in the release and in your prepared remarks about marketing spend being a help, whether it be on the growth to net or just pure advertising spend. Can you talk about where you are in marketing spend at this point? Obviously, the cynic in me says you need to cut marketing spend to make your bottom line numbers. Can you just give us some comfort there, please?
Thomas Falk: Yes, I'll start and maybe Mike can build on. I mean, I would say broadly if you look at our advertising and promotion spend in the quarter, it's pretty similar to the full year average for 2017. So it's down a bit from the prior year second quarter. And the thing that you're maybe not able to see is we are cutting nonworking pretty substantially and reinvesting those savings. And so if we look at our plan for the year embedded in our guidance is relatively flat marketing spend. So we're not cutting marketing spend broadly to make the number. Mike, maybe you want to build on that.
Michael Hsu: Yes, actually Maria and I were just huddling on it earlier and if you go line-by-line, all of our working lines are actually up versus the plan. If you see, it's the nonworking numbers that are down significantly. And maybe to give you a little of background, Ali, is when we went to our global restructuring planning, obviously taking a hard look at all lines of nonlabor was an important initiative for us. And we just found that there was a lot better ways to manage our nonworking spend or getting more efficient in terms of how we produce our copy or our promotional programs around the world. You can imagine the inefficiencies that might exist when you have these marketing initiatives distributed around the world. So we pulled some back, and we're really just getting out of some of the nonproductive spend.
Ali Dibadj: Okay. And that's helpful. And then the corollary to that is, obviously, brand power and pricing, and you put a very helpful slide, thank you, Mike, I think you went through it on Page 20 in the presentation just around selling prices. I'm worried about pricing, you guys would probably know this from some of our last discussions or some of the pieces that we've written. What gives you confidence that you'll be able to take the pricing that you laid out, that you're not going to be promoting it back, that the competitive environment is going to allow you to take pricing in different parts of the world? I think it's a big controversy for the whole sector, but certainly for you?
Thomas Falk: Yes. No, I'd say, we know we've got to show you. So it's been a while since we've had commodities cost at this kind of level, and we were kind of going back through history. If you look at 2008, 2009, 2010, 2008 and 2010 both had commodity cost hits that were about in the range that we're in. I think in 2008, we took two price increases. 2009 was the recession, so we gave some of it back. 2010, we took another round of price increases. We came out of it with higher margins than we started. So we -- it takes us a while to get price and so we do suffer during the period of time while we're getting that embedded in the market, but we feel confident that with the commodity cost hit at this level that the cost structure for most of our competitors is similar and that there will be more broad scale price. But I don't know Mike if there's anything else you want to add to that one.
Michael Hsu: No, I guess the addition only is that we have made some pricing, taken some pricing actions around the world this year and we have progressed there. And so that's one piece. Second, as Tom mentioned, when you have a commodity impact as large and significant as it is right now, I think our customers understand that. And we do have to recover and improve our net revenue realization. And so we are going to take the appropriate actions. And we've seen maybe some evidence in the markets and various markets that would show maybe: one, the promotion intensity in markets is easing a bit; and second, we have seen some early indications of some pricing moves by competitors.
Thomas Falk: And so we're not leading it everywhere.
Ali Dibadj: Okay. And then just related to that my last question is around the implications of that on EBIT, right? Because although you try to recover some of the commodity cost, doesn't seem like you're able to recover as much as you'd like, and so the pressure on EBIT, obviously, is very obvious and very clear here. And if you could comment on your EBIT trajectory, certainly in the context as well as what a lot of folks look at Q4, which is returning cash to shareholders. How should we think about the EBIT pressure you're facing and the challenging environment that you're facing in the context also of the sustainability of your dividend payout ratio and your share repurchases?
Maria Henry: Sure, Ali, I'll take that. We gave a range on share repurchases of $700 million to $900 million for the year, and we're still tracking to do that and you know what the dividend is. We do expect that our leverage will be up slightly as we come out of this year versus where it was when we started into the year. And so if you put all those things together, I think we're still tracking to what we set on shareholder returns, which in total would be $2.1 billion to $2.3 billion for the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Stephen Powers: So I mean, can we just I guess pick up on that pricing theme because the -- you sounded very confident in your response to Ali's question about your ability to push through price. But at the same time, obviously, we haven't seen it in the first half. I think modest -- the call for modestly higher pricing in the back half doesn't sound that ambitious. And if I just go back to those benchmark you just talked about, 2008, '09, '10, it just seemed like the pricing came through, although it wasn't immediate, it did come through a lot more quickly and more robustly than I think we're seeing this cycle. So what's different? How much of the pricing pressure that, at least, I perceive you to be having right now do you -- if you agree, is temporary versus more -- something that might be more structural in your categories?
Thomas Falk: Yes, I'll let Mike elaborate on that. I would say it's probably fair to say that it may take a bit longer to get price, particularly if we're going to take price through either package counter sheet count, there is some supply chain implications to that, doing it in the middle of a big restructuring, we probably had some other people focused on other things. But it's probably takes us a bit longer to get price in the market. And typically, with your retailers you're 3 to 6 months out on promotion plans as well. And so I'd say, that's probably a fair push, but Mike maybe there's some other color you might want to add to that.
Michael Hsu: Yes. Steve, we've taken some actions year-to-date in most markets, including North America. I would say that they were not at the level because I think the commodity impact was, as we said earlier, far higher than what we were expecting it at the beginning of the year. So at this point, we're looking at another round of pricing. And I would say, a couple of big changes. We've made pretty good progress this year in the business like North American Consumer Tissue. Our pricing is up 2 points in Q2 after being flat in Q1. And that's all an artifact of the desheets that we've bundled with our product improvement there. And you might have seen, you could probably see in the numbers, in Personal Care we've lagged a bit. Our pricing was still down a bit from Q2. Part of that is also an artifact that we wanted to support our innovation on Huggies this year and in adult care. And we're doing that pretty well. That said, we also had some pretty strong promotion plans that were locked at the end of last year that we plan on adjusting and easing promoted depth and frequency as we go through the balance of the year.
Stephen Powers: Yes. I mean, so on the one hand I get it, and I get the cost pressure is building, but it -- and I guess just asking for your feedback on this. It feels like competitively, this -- the category, especially Personal Care and baby care that you're in are super important to the retailer right now. They're very focused on winning that consumer. And so there's a lot of pressure from them to keep prices low. They're pushing on private label. Your biggest competitor, I think, definitely wants to win and what for them is one of their biggest if not their biggest profit pool categories. So it feels like there are things that are, especially in Personal Care, that structurally are going to make pricing more difficult, not only in the back half of this year, but for the foreseeable future. Do you agree? Or am I overdoing it?
Thomas Falk: Well, I think it depends on the market. I'd say the thesis isn't wrong, although that hasn't changed all that much. I mean, baby care has always been an important category for our retailers for a long, long time. And so -- and they want to be competitive. And I think our customers, they understand industry price changes when the commodity cost shifts. They just want to be advantaged somehow. And so that's what we have to work with as we implement it. The good news is as you look at private-label shares and Personal Care broadly, they haven't moved very much. And so the -- in fact, if anything, they're down a tick in diapers, which has positively driven innovation and that's helped us on the mix front a bit.
Stephen Powers: Great. Okay, just one question on another topic, if I could, which is on the savings side. And I just I look at the SG&A reductions and especially appreciating your comments to Ali about not cutting into working media, just feels like the cuts that you're -- you've been making not only this year, but over the past really 3 years or so are pretty aggressive when it comes to that overhead or nonworking part of SG&A. So I guess the question is, where you're sourcing them from? How much of this is sort of belt-tightening that you want to get a little bit of relief you might have to put back into the business? Can you sustain this level of cutting? Because when I look out to the next year, it just feels like that source of profit growth or inflation offset may not be there for you. Just looking for some help to bridge that gap.
Maria Henry: Yes, sure. We have a number of things going on, on that between-the-lines spending front. You saw in our results in the second quarter that we delivered $40 million of savings from our restructuring program, 80% of that fell between the line. So below gross margin, and that certainly has helped our ratios in the second quarter. Beyond that, we have been very tightly managing discretionary overhead spend and you saw that come through our results really starting in the second half of last year, and those are things like T&E, meeting expense, all of those types of those activities. We really have our whole workforce focused on taking out either unnecessary or less valuable types of spend so that we can protect the investments that we're making behind growth. Your question on, is it sustainable. I'm not going to say that the second quarter rate is going to be the rate every quarter, but you know from our guidance on the restructuring program that over the next couple of years, we will continue to work the cost structure hard. We've got $500 million to $550 million of savings associated with that program, and probably 1/3 of that is going to accrue to the SG&A part of our P&L. The area where you're seeing the biggest reductions when you look at where is it between the lines is really in the general and administrative side of the house. And that is, as I said, working the discretionary hard, working the restructuring hard, where we're looking to take work out of the system and leveraging various productivity programs. So we're hard at it, and our goal is really to fundamentally lower the cost structure of the business and continue to invest behind our brands to grow the top line.
Operator: Our next question comes from Olivia Tong with Bank of America.
Olivia Tong: I actually want to ask more about the go-forward beyond this year. Because clearly there's been a lot of focus around the growing and growing challenges across many companies, such as you guys ability to price, consumer's willingness to pay for premium priced product overall. And I was just hoping you could give us some color on how you view your ability to hit sort of your long-term algorithms going forward, and what you need to change to get there? Is -- we talk about cuts in the nonworking spending, but is there more investment necessary in another parts, more marketing in the working areas? Because right now, it seems like given what's happened already in the first half of the year that it would be pretty tough to get your longer-term expectations?
Thomas Falk: Yes. And so, Olivia, the quality of the line wasn't very good, so I think I heard most of the question was really kind of questioning how do we get back to our longer-term growth algorithm and when are you going to see signs of progress and what changes do we have to make to get there. Is that a good summary of the question?
Olivia Tong: Yes, you got it.
Thomas Falk: Okay. So I'll start, but I'll let Mike pile on. And we've talked about some of the factors, the lower birth rate in some markets, some of the things that are going on in Latin America where we've seen kind of double-digit unit volume declines and places like Argentina have made the headwinds a little stiffer, places like Korea where the birth rate is down 9% and our second largest diaper market, obviously aren't helping. On the other hand, we do see the best for baby as a powerful instinct all over the world, which is driving more premium products in places like the U.S. and in places like China. And we've got a robust innovation pipeline that we're investing behind, and we'll use that across our portfolio to drive that. But Mike, maybe you can comment a little bit more on that.
Michael Hsu: Yes. Olivia, we're very bullish on our categories. Obviously, we'll need some help from the categories in some of the markets to get back to that algorithm. But I think the big planks that we have that we believe that can help us grow is, one, in our core markets, our big markets we believe there's still a big opportunity to elevate our categories. We know there's a big value consumer and there's also big swathes of premium consumers. And part of the opportunity for us is we believe we make the best products in the world, but we still think there is plenty of opportunity to improve the fundamental performance across some pretty innovative dimensions that we're working on. And so we still think there's an opportunity to elevate the category and also bring more consumers into the category in big developed markets. And then there's, obviously, large and significant potential in developing emerging markets. As I've said multiple times, China is our largest market today, but it's going to be a multiple of what it is today in the coming years. And then we've got India and other markets to build as well. Obviously, we can say all that. We've got plans that we're working on to accelerate our growth, but we've got to show you, so -- and we know that.
Olivia Tong: I guess just -- that's all very helpful, and I guess just a follow-up one thing about developed markets in the U.S, right? You've had those or it sounds like those discussions have started maybe can you give a little bit of color as to what transpired or have -- has anything changed in terms of your plans because you talked about pricing by reducing package count, but price obviously worsened in Q2 and the track channel data that we've seen so far would imply that promotional levels are still pretty high. And then in China, you talked about innovation and new product rollouts and stabilization in pricing, but it doesn't seem like that's -- given the competitive challenges, it doesn't seem like that that's transpired the way that you had anticipated?
Thomas Falk: Yes, it has not, but I'll come back to China. Yes, North America, one is, there have been some pricing moves, some down counts competitively we've desheeted in our bath tissue products. And in some categories, we have started down back the promotional depth and frequency and have additional plans to do more. We have had some discussions with our customers about this. I think they also see in fixed consumption categories, the way to grow the category long term is to elevate it or to create more value add in the category. So we're not just talking, for us our strategy is not just to raise price indiscriminately. It's to creating value-added in our products that people would be willing to pay more for. So that's a little bit on North America. I think China, I think, has been a market that's in my mind been one of the most premium markets in the world. It is under a little bit of pricing pressure. We've launched a terrific new product this 5d core that delivers thinness, flexibility, breathability in ways that are superior to any other -- in our belief, any other major manufacturer in China today. That said, I think we've got off to a good start, but those results have been muted because pricing has come down in the most recent quarter, about double-digits overall in the market. And in some cases, we have matched on as we rolled this out, and that's muted our impact a little bit. So China right now, we expect it to be a bit challenging because it remains the single-largest opportunity that we have on the board to grow. All our competitors see that same opportunity, and they're going for it, too. But we're in China to win for the long haul, we've got a great team that knows how to make winning products and knows how to operate within a lean cost structure that delivers the margins that we need.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Wells Fargo.
Bonnie Herzog: I wanted to go back on Consumer Tissue business and drill down a little bit further, you guys took some pricing in the quarter, it was up 2%, yet your volumes were down 3% on a somewhat easy comp. So I'd like to first hear your thoughts on price elasticity? And then maybe how your elasticity is changing in this environment? And then second, in thinking about the strong volume, you guys reported in that segment in Q1. How much loading occurred that might have also contributed to the weaker volume in Q2?
Thomas Falk: So bonnie, I'll start and I'll hand it over to Mike. I'd say, we typically don't load and customers really don't want to load tissue anyway, it's a very high tube. And so the strong promotional calendar in the first quarter that sold through. And then the second thing and Mike will give you a little more color, on the second quarter, whenever you do a desheet, you see negative volume and positive price. And so if your customers were holding 100 cases before it's got fewer sheets in it so you're going to show less volume and yes, there's some inventory decline in both the customer and consumer. We typically don't try to measure that or call that out, but it's not unusual to see some software volume in a desheet or a down count environment. And so that's something just to watch for and know that it exists. It's not an elasticity issue. It's just a facts of life that there's fewer standard units in each case that we ship. And so as we look at Consumer Tissue for the first half, we're more or less on track with the plan. Our shares are stable, and we've had positive organic growth. But Mike, I don't know if there's anything else you'd add to that.
Michael Hsu: No, I'll just speak on few numbers, Bonnie, our Q2 organic was down 4, and most of that was due to that shift in promotional timing that Tom talked about. Just to refresh your memory, back in Q1, I think our volume was up in North American Consumer Tissue 9%, and we said at the time that, that is not the run rate of the business. So it was a big shift. It wasn't a load, it was more volume that sold through in Q1 that was in Q2 of last year. So that's one big change. And as Tom said, year-to-date, our sales were up 1%, which is in line with our plan. The additional thing I'll tell you is our innovation in family care this year are off to a very good start, Kleenex wet wipes doing very well at launch. I think it's already at the velocity rate it is just the largest wipe in the marketplace right now. Cottonelle wavy ripple is selling very well, performing very well and getting great customer feedback. It's consumer-preferred product. And if you exclude kind of some of the promotional shifts, the base velocity is up mid-single digits. So we're pretty excited about the new items we have. We are getting some price realization in the family care business and looking forward to more.
Bonnie Herzog: Okay. That's helpful. And then I just wanted to go back to China with a follow-up question. I was actually in the market a few months ago, and it seems there is a perception from the Chinese consumer that the quality of your key competitors' brands, it's actually perceived to be better, but a lot of times they're priced more attractively. So just kind of love to hear your perspective on this? And then what changes you may be implementing to improve your positioning in that market? You touched on some innovation that you're bringing into the marketplace, but just wondering if more needs to be done there?
Thomas Falk: Yes, yes, definitely there's more that needs to be done, but I think we're off to a good start this year. The team has done a great job rolling out the new diapers -- Tier 5 diaper that came out at the end of the first quarter, beginning of the second quarter. And then also we're rolling out a similar diaper-pant that's also significantly preferred. I think there is a perception out there, our testing would show a strong preference versus all the multinational competitors with our new product. And so I think the team has responded to the consumer perception over the data, and they've developed a winning product. Part of the challenge on the China market right now though is people are being very aggressive on price, and we are in this for the long haul. And so right now, we are matching on price, although we don't want to win on price. And we want to return to winning on product, quality and brand positioning. And that's -- those are things that we're driving in the definitive market as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: So Maria, I just want to follow up on Steve's question earlier. You talked about what's driving some of the cost savings this year and in the back half of last year. But I'm wondering as we look out, is there any type of hangover when we look out to 2019 in terms of -- are some of these cutbacks more temporary in areas like discretionary travel, et cetera or incentive compensation that ramp back up in 2019. I know you'll be hesitant to speak to '19, but the question is more the 2018 cost savings, how much of that is sort of more discretionary and belt-tightening that may have to come back as you look out for 2019?
Maria Henry: So I think there is a number of factors that will affect what our SG&A rates are within any given quarter. What we're fundamentally trying to do is run our company on a lower-cost structure. So finding new ways of working that didn't require us to spend as much money on lower-value added activities. And that's something that we're hitting hard in the restructuring. In terms of kind of the nonrestructuring reduction in discretionary spend, clearly, we are not on our target for the year, as you see, in what's happening in the macro environment and our guidance range adjustment. So we do have a comp benefit this year that will hopefully not repeat next year. But for the most part, the changes that we're making in the business are structural. Now the timing of these changes is going to vary quarter-to-quarter. So let me give you an example, we talked about the fact that in our restructuring program, we've accelerated certain actions, which is why we increased our restructuring savings number by $50 million within 2018. We are through our voluntary severance program and so we've had a lot of employees leave the business. The restructuring program and the savings that we've given is actually a net number. So I would say that we're probably a little ahead on the excess and a little bit lagging on the add-back in the business. So we may have some timing shifts there around headcount, that'll play itself out through the year. And I think, overall, the fact that our savings number has accelerated for 2018 is a good thing, and it's showing the hard work that the teams are doing to really help us offset some of the headwinds that we're seeing in this year. But, overall, the goal here is to fundamentally lower the cost structure of the business, and that's what that restructuring program is all about.
Dara Mohsenian: Okay. That's helpful. And then I wanted to return to the pricing front in Personal Care. I guess it sounds like it's more sort of business as usual in the back half of the year in terms of some typical pricing actions, stepped in frequency, et cetera. It doesn't sound like there has been a big change in mindset around pricing, and I'm just trying to understand that, given if you look over the last year, it looks like the combined impact of pricing and input cost in Personal Care is $200 million, it's a big number. So I guess just help me understand why it's not a bigger focus? Is it just the competitive environment that's limiting your ability? Does that competitive environment change going forward? And as we think about your own internal pricing actions, are these significant actions? Or is it more can you recover a lot of what you've lost? Or is it more moderate given the competitive environment?
Thomas Falk: Yes, I'll start and then let Mike build. I mean, I guess if we gave you the impression it was business as usual, that was probably the wrong impression. And so when we typically run the business assuming we're not going to get much price in a relatively stable commodity environment, that we can compete on innovation and execution. In this kind of commodity cost environment, we're looking to get price in lots of places, and some places that takes longer than others. But looking at it through lots of different vehicles, whether that the price count, promotion, trying to pull all those levers. And so I'd say the team is heavily focused on that, while not trying to take their eye of the ball and executing the innovation plan and getting the right winning products in the marketplace.
Michael Hsu: Yes. Just to add, I think last year, Personal Care at least, let's talk about diapers in the U.S. I think the promotional environment was -- had gotten more intense, and I think at this point in time, on this call last year, we're saying we were going to find some of our plans become a little bit more competitive in the marketplace, and that meant more depth and more frequency. I think there has been a significant change this year, and I think the market has, in my mind, maybe normalized back to kind of where it historically has been in terms of promotional intensity. So part of what I was saying is on the promotion side or the trade planning side, we're adjusting our price points to maybe back to where they had -- where been historically for us. That's one part. And then second, we're evaluating additional opportunities for pricing because we are taking some pretty significant increases to our input costs in the Personal Care business as well, and we feel like we need to make some moves there as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: So I just wanted to go to kind of the performance in D&E markets, Personal Care kind of...
Thomas Falk: Oops, we lost you, Lauren. [Technical Difficulty]
Lauren Lieberman: Tom?
Thomas Falk: Yes, we got you now.
Lauren Lieberman: You got me now. Okay, hold on let me put down my headset and speak before, okay, all right. So I was just looking at organic performance in D&E markets in Personal Care. So organic growth overall was flat this quarter, but when in the script you went through some of the markets sort of China down 10%, but everything else, the big chunky things, Brazil, up mid-single digits, Argentina mid-single, Easter Europe have doubled. I'm having trouble figuring how that all squares to the business being flat in the quarter. So what other markets maybe if there were other markets that were particularly weak. What am I missing to tie out to D&E having decelerated again kind of both sequentially and on a 2-year stack, because I look forward I think that's the thing that probably through now probably 4 quarters in to D&E markets not improving in a way that I might have expect even just based on the comparisons. So that's a piece of the puzzle. I'd love a little help understanding both dynamics in the quarter and how does things get better from here?
Thomas Falk: Yes. I think maybe Mike or Paul can give you a little more detail. I think probably the only other big piece that you're missing is the rest of Latin America was relatively soft, and that was a trend from the first quarter. And there's some positive signs, and we could go through the litany of what's going on in the Caribbean with recovery from hurricane or in Central America with issues going on in Nicaragua, there's some political upheaval in some of those spots that are part of it. And other parts of it, there is a little bit more competitive activity, but that's probably the biggest one. And then the relative size of China is the other factor, that's a pretty, pretty big number. And the other ones aren't as big to offset it.
Paul Alexander: Yes, and Lauren, if you've looked at Q2 versus Q1, you would see that Latin American total was pretty similar to similar performance. Argentina was a bit softer. Brazil was pretty similar and China was softer.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. So on the go-forward look, what are the pieces as you are thinking through what kind of gets better? You've had this big product launch in China this is challenged by the pricing environment. Is Latin America just a hope for macro stability? Just a little bit of help on what -- how things go from here in some of these markets, where it's one of your big focus for 2018 is accelerating Personal Care and D&E?
Michael Hsu: Yes. Lauren, one, I think the -- some of the underlying performance I think we feel very good about. As I mentioned in Brazil, I think our market shares were up about three points in diapers and two in femcare. Similarly, in Eastern Europe, up a couple of share points in diapers and femcare. So I think some of the fundamentals of the things that the teams are working on in terms of improving our value proposition or improving our offering particularly both in the value tiers and the premium tiers, I think, it's working pretty well. I think part of the challenges we've got to work through is China is a challenging market right now with some of the pricing environment, and we're going to need to work through that. And as Tom mentioned, it's a pretty significant piece of our business. Year-to-date overall in D&E, we're up about 1%. And I think our developed markets are a little bit ahead and maybe D&E is a little bit behind. And so on our call for the year, our best call right now is probably the second half looks a little bit like the first half in D&E for the balance of this year. But we do think we've got share moving in the right direction in most major markets and D&E, and we're working on the right things.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. And then if we could talk a little bit about profitability in Consumer Tissue. So understand the cost pressures we're seeing are primarily hitting this business more than any other, but 14% margins, I think is the lowest you've seen in probably probably 5 to 6 years now. So as you think about the kind of long-term structural profitability for Consumer Tissue, so once you've got the pricing and that you feel is appropriate, you've mentioned low-margin exits in your restructuring plans plus some things that have been kind of remembered in the press in terms of Europe. What do you think is the long-term run rate for margins in Consumer Tissue? Is it kind of high-teens? Is it low to mid-teens? I'm just -- does this 14% kind of jumps off the page a bit versus where we've seen the business get to over the last five years.
Thomas Falk: Yes, it's a good question, Lauren, you and I've been around long enough, but you and I remember high single-digits.
Lauren Lieberman: Tom, don't remind, everyone. Don't remind them how long I've been doing this.
Thomas Falk: And so when you go through a pulp price spike like this where it's $1,200 plus box a ton, that business is going to take it and it takes a little while to get price, especially if we're going to do it through sheet count. And so the good news is that the low point is a lot higher than the prior cycle lows. And so what we're hopefully doing is shifting that range up over time by improving the mix, by improving the innovation, by improving the cost structure. And if we can continue to do that, I think we'll be in that hopefully mid-teens to upper teens across the cycle. And we were up in the 18 plus range not long ago. I think the good news was in this kind of commodity costs cycle, you look at the KCP margins at 19 plus, and that shows you what's possible in a tissue heavy business. And you still see Personal Care hanging in at north of 20% in a fairly stiff commodity headwinds. So we're -- we know we've got some work to do in tissue, we've got to get some revenue realization. There's obviously some cost savings that will come from the restructuring, and that's a focus for us as we go through the balance of the year and into next year.
Lauren Lieberman: And what if anything do you think has changed from a consumer or competitive standpoint in Consumer Tissue, say, today versus the last cycle? So let's point to the 2008 cycle where margins got to what like sub 8% at the lows, I think. So in terms of consumer demand, openness and prevalence of private label, the things that everyone is worried about, how much do you think has actually changed? Has the threat gotten worse? Have shares really changed in this 10-year period? I could think that this would be helpful too.
Thomas Falk: Yes. That's a -- private-label shares have generally increased. And if you go back, I think, when you look at some data from 2012 over something like that, and I think there it's up 5 or 6 points in towels in the U.S., our share is flat, as we don't have a huge towel share, so it's not like little we've been the big donor, and past years I think are up 3-year or up 5 in that period and I think we're down a point or 2. So if you looked at Europe, you generally see private-label shares up. So I think the thing that's probably changed for us is we may be have a healthier portfolio, we went to the tissue restructuring since the last time that we talked that helped exit some less-profitable business. And so we've continued to kind of work that part of the portfolio. We've mix shifted more of our capacity in emerging markets, especially into the more premium tiers. And then choice will be about where we expand that business. And so I think we're trying to manage it to get growth where we can get profitable growth and to get margin where we should get margin. And overall, I'm not satisfied with where we are, but I'm pleased with the progress that we've made.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: I guess I want to dig deeper on the dynamics in a couple of your core markets, and why don't we start with China. This persistent price competition in the market, is there any way for you to unpack it and give us a beat or give us your sense of how much is due to maybe tariff changes in the market? How much is due to just an aggressive stance from your major Japanese and U.S. competitors? And how much is due to just the broader proliferation in the market? And on the proliferation point, it's something you've highlighted in the past, and there's been some question about how much of the proliferation or proliferated products could actually stick and endure and whether or not there could be a shake out on the horizon that could make things a bit easier? I'd love an update on the thought process around that and what you're seeing in the market?
Thomas Falk: Yes. I'll start again and I'll let Mike build it. First of all, I don't think any of it's related to the tariff discussion. So all the products that we make -- that we sell in China are, for the most part, made in China. There is a bit that we import from Korea, but there is -- we don't import or export anything out of the U.S. We also make all the products for the U.S. market in the U.S. market. So it's not a big issue really for either of those. On the competitive front, I think -- everybody thinks the other guys started the fight usually. But I would also say is when you have 1 competitor like us launching some big innovation, if you don't have any innovation, sometimes you compete on price. And so -- and China is a big growth opportunity for everybody and no one wants to get left behind. And so it's also a big e-commerce market, probably half of our business is in e-commerce. There is a little bit more price transparency there. And you also have the e-tailers competing with each other to try to win in this category. So that also can make the pricing a bit more competitive. And so, as Mike said, I mean it's the biggest diaper category in the world. It's not our biggest diaper market yet, but it will be one day. And everybody else sees that as well. And we're up for the challenge, but it's going to be a volatile, exciting place to operate for a while.
Michael Hsu: Yes, Jason, I probably would do a better job answering this question after this week, I'm flying out to Shanghai this afternoon. So I'll be able to let you know more. But I would tell you my sense is, hey there's been some traction from some local players who've picked up a pretty nice chunk of share over the last couple of years or maybe over the last 18 months or so. And I think some of the price is in response to that growth. And some of the major manufacturers don't want to let their share growth. Our response has been to help beat them, out match them on product quality and innovation, which is why we had the big push we had this year with our 5d core. That said, the market has moved, and so we want to be competitive in the marketplace, and we are going to be competitive on price as well. So I think that's a little bit of what's going on. I think long-term, the right strategy for China is to create more value added. It's a market where the consumers demonstrated their want to get what's best for baby. And that market is, in my mind right now, the most premium market that we have in our business system. And I think there's still more potential to create more value-added going forward.
Thomas Falk: And while we've had some price cutting, the prices in China are quite attractive relative to other markets as well.
Jason English: That's helpful. And then a couple of quick questions on North America. North America has been challenging I know for -- we've got -- it has to do with birth rate. We've also had retailers, brick and mortar retailers investing pretty aggressively and presumably pushing pressure back upstream to defend against e-commerce. If we look at the Nielsen data, it looks like brick and mortar seems to be winning that battle. The growth in diapers and training pants combined is sort of surprising to see there. So a couple related questions. One, are you seeing that channel shift to online sort of stall out? Or if not, what's driving that brick-and-mortar growth? And b, I know that a lot of the investment came last year with at least one major retailer sort of restaging private-label and pushing hard on price beginning in August of last year. Do you think we've found a floor that we can soon anniversary on some of that retail-led price investment? Or should we expect just another lag on top of it?
Thomas Falk: Yes, that's a complex set of questions. I guess I would say we tend to look at our all outlet share data, which includes e-commerce and club and the other thigs that aren't in Nielsen, and don't spend a lot of time slicing and dicing on Nielsen data so I don't know that necessarily be the correct person to answer that. I would say, broadly, I haven't seen any indication of slowdown in e-commerce trends. And so that continues to be a popular place for mom to want to shop. And as it relates to private-label, broadly, we haven't seen much movement in private-label shares in our all outlet data on diapers. And so while there has been some activity by some retailers in that space, it hasn't moved the needle overall at the consumer end, and you are seeing still some uptick in the super premium end of the segment, which has been a positive mix for us and others in the category. But Mike, I don't know if there's anything else you want to add to that?
Michael Hsu: No. The good news Jason is the headline and maybe the diaper category is that the overall mega category for the last quarter was up 1. And that's a big change from where it was this time last year, which was down 5. And I think part of that is, I think, when we saw the deflation in the category last year, I think the -- certainly we didn't like that, and I think may be it raises some concerns with our customers as well. So I think that's one piece a very good news. With regard to the channel, we don't try to pick winners. Our strategy is to support all of our customers and tailor kind of our tactics in market within the support of their strategies. And so our e-commerce business, both in pure-play and in -- through bricks and mortar is up pretty significantly. And I know both sides of that are very focused on it. And we're supporting them in different ways, but with the same objective, we're trying to serve our customers and consumers in the way that they want to be served.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: So I was hoping if you can elaborate more on the FORCE and the restructuring program. So you added some incremental cost cuts to guidance. So can you elaborate in your -- on your R&D level. So I was hoping you can describe a little bit more if those cuts include R&D from what you discussed that your working marketing spend is flat, but in terms of R&D, how you can look at this going forward? And what are the areas specifically, you spoke a little bit about D&E and also Travel. But what are the areas that you became more optimistic against previous plans? So two questions part of one, R&D and then areas that you see incremental cost cuts opportunities?
Maria Henry: Sure. Well you've got it right that we have got 2 significant cost program in the FORCE and in our restructuring program. Let me talk about FORCE to start with. We had a good quarter in the second quarter. We were up compared to the first quarter. And with what we see through the remainder of the year, we were able to take our outlook up for the savings that we expect to generate from that program for the year. We're seeing savings across all 4 legs of that FORCE program, which include productivity and it includes product cost optimization and driving down spending across our facilities as well as savings that we achieve from negotiating lower material prices. So when you have an inflation spike, the discount that we've negotiated are worth more. And so we expect to have a good year on the FORCE cost savings front. On the restructuring program, I talked about the fact that we've accelerated some of the activities that we planned to take, and that's good news because the teams are being aggressive in getting the work behind us, and that's yielding more savings for 2018. On the R&D side, I think two things. One, R&D is covered in our restructuring program, and that has to do with really driving efficiencies and effectiveness of our R&D spend and our R&D programs that we have. So our R&D is an area that's very important to us. Innovation is a key plank in our growth strategy. What we are looking to do is become more efficient in the R&D spend that we have behind those innovation programs. So R&D is part of the restructuring program. The other thing I'd say is kind of the third piece on the cost savings that I talked about is a reduction in discretionary spend, and that's across the board. That's hitting all areas of our business, and that would include the money that we spend in the R&D organization on discretionary items. But I would emphasize, similar to what Mike said earlier, we are not reducing the fundamental investment in our business, and we've got a big innovation agenda, both in 2018 and in the future. And so R&D is a critical area, and any reductions there would either come from the benefit on the restructuring program or the benefit with the discretionary cost cuts that are affecting all lines of the P&L.
Thomas Falk: Yes, and maybe I'll just pile onto that. Each member of our leadership team have responsibility for one of the functional areas as part of their restructuring program. So Mike did the customer and sales organization, Maria had finance and IP, I had R&D. So my goal was to come out of the restructuring with better R&D capability than we had going into it and the right people in the right place with the right capabilities to drive our business even faster with better innovation. And so we will spend a little bit less, but we will have better innovation capability when we have this fully vetted down.
Andrea Teixeira: Yes, that's helpful. But in terms of the percentage of the products that are new, that are coming -- percentage of sales or products which are like say, less than 2 years old. Is that coming down because of this adjustment that you're making at this point? I think it's probably natural that it's coming down from where your organic growth is going to? Or is that something that you are not concerned?
Thomas Falk: Yes. We track innovation as part of our compensation goals. We look at 3-year rolling, and we look at year 1. And if you look at how we're tracking for our innovation goals this year, yes, we're on track with our year 1. So a lot of the innovation that we are going the market were supporting that the right level, we expect to deliver that. Some of the 3-year rolling looks a little behind, in places like Argentina where the categories have declined dramatically or innovation that you launched. Obviously the consumer doesn't have the money to buy it, you're going to underperform. But it's not far off track. And so, I'd say broadly on the innovation front, we're hitting. We got to make sure we're getting the base volume at the right level.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: I was wondering what you guys think in terms of anymore potential for structural change within your company to really getting out of most of diapers in Europe and then Halyard and obviously there's been some discussion about Europe overall being tough. Can you talk a little bit about how often you revisit those sorts of ideas? And whether it be surprised to us to see more structural change, whether that be Europe, whether that'd be breaking up Personal Care versus not. Some of these topics we've revisited, but the environment seems a little different now than it used to be?
Thomas Falk: Well, I mean number one, we're in the middle of a big restructuring. So we've got structural change going on at the company. And as you guys know, we've been good stewards of the portfolio over time, and I would expect that to continue. It's not something that we look at every year, but we look at it from time to time. And in the meantime, we are focusing on executing the restructuring plan flawlessly and getting price in the market. And we've got plenty on our plate to handle for the near term anyway.
Ali Dibadj: So in the time to time, is this one of those times that you're looking at it, portfolio-wise?
Thomas Falk: I wouldn't say unusually so, not particularly. I mean, we're kind of beating around the bush as to whether I'll comment on the Reuters story, and our answer will be no comment just because we don't comment on rumors, so.
Ali Dibadj: No, I'm just trying to getting a sense of where your cadence is and where your process is to make some those decisions.
Thomas Falk: It isn't as rigid as that. It's a periodic look at the portfolio. And I'd say broadly, we're pretty happy with the major segments that we're in, and I think we've got the right portfolio. That doesn't mean that we don't look to fine tune things from time to time.
Ali Dibadj: Okay. And then a separate question, following up a little bit on e-commerce, which you touched on a few times lightly. Can you talk a little bit about how you guys think about your market share on in the U.S. specifically e-commerce? Where do you think you are? Are you still behind? We certainly see you showing up more than you used to. What did you do to get there? Just an update would be helpful.
Thomas Falk: Yes. I'd say e-commerce broadly is an important strategy, and I'll let Mike add some detail. In some markets, where we're ahead. And in some markets, where we were behind and caught up. And there's other markets that we were a little behind and we're catching up. And you've got that across the business. There's other markets that haven't emerged yet, where we're monitoring and working with early adopter partners just to see how it's going to shake out. And so in the U.S. in particular, we were behind. We're catching up. I'd say we'd say still that's the case. Overall, I think our total share on e-commerce in the U.S. is about fair share. But it should be higher than fair share because there's less private label in e-commerce. But Mike, I don't know if there's anything else you want to add anything, about what else you guys are doing specifically to drive it.
Michael Hsu: No. E-commerce it's -- e-commerce and then more broadly digital, our digital strategy is a big opportunity for us still, and I know we've been experiencing pretty good growth more recently. If you think about the big e-commerce markets, Korea, where I think, 3 or 4x the size of the next largest brand in our categories. And so we're ahead there. We're ahead in China. I think the area in North America, we'd say overall were fair share across all of our categories, but a little bit behind in the baby and child care category, and we're gaining ground fast, and we're improving our performance there. So -- but the broader thing is, I think, if you look at our category and you think about how our consumers behave in the category, Ali, it's a very high range annual purchases, it's -- they're using the products every day, and it's high frequency. And so believe we have a different opportunity that fits unique, and I think for a lot of CPG brands, which is to create a different relation with our consumer of which e-commerce can be a part. But the digital opportunity is even bigger for us in terms of how do we build a different one on one relationship. And so we're excited about the growth we're seeing, but that's not our entire strategy there.
Thomas Falk: I think, broadly, we're trying to just be present where mom wants to shop, and it's not any more complicated than that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: I'll be brief. Quick clarification on China in the quarter, down 10% organically. What was the price mix and volume composition of that? And then a broader strategic question on private-label, which has been touched on in the past, I think it's less than 5% in the company sales. Strategically, do you think the company, the board would get to a point where that becomes a bigger emphasis philosophically? Are you opposed to that becoming much bigger than 5% of sales? Would you be comfortable if it reaches 10% or even greater than that over time? And sort of if so to help us think about that, can you talk about the margin and return differential for that part of the business?
Thomas Falk: Yes. So maybe I'll start with the private-label question first and then we'll come back to the first question. And Mike, I guess, I'd say this, we typically are doing private label with very few people and doing it in areas where we think it advantages our overall relationship. And so to that extent, I think there we continue to be the lens that we've looked at it through to decide what the what we wanted to do from that standpoint. And I'd say that's probably the -- where you'd say you're going to go with it. Mike, I don't know if you want to come back to....
Michael Hsu: Okay, in China. Yes, in China the pricing, we're low double-digits down on price mix or pricing China. I think our mix was a little favorable. And so does that reflect the competitive environment that we talk about. I think the overall category pricing came down, I don't know what the right term is Paul, mid-single -- mid-double digits and it's a little bit more than what we came down.
Thomas Falk: And the other mix in China total is our femcare business was up strong double digits in the quarter. So that blunted some of the price and volume hit in diapers.
Operator: At this time, we have no other questioners in the queue.
Paul Alexander: All right, thanks for the questions this morning, and we'll wrap up with a comment from Tom.
Thomas Falk: Well, once again, challenging environment, and you can count on us to do the best job we can of delivering results in a challenging environment. And we appreciate your support of Kimberly-Clark. Thanks for dialing in today.
Paul Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes this morning's presentation. You may disconnect your phone lines, and thank you for joining us this morning.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas Falk - Executive Chairman & CEO Maria Henry - Senior VP & CFO Michael Hsu - President and COO  Paul Alexander - VP, IR
Analysts: Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Jason English - Goldman Sachs Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Stephen Powers - Deutsche Bank Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bonnie Herzog - Wells Fargo Kevin Grundy - Jefferies Nik Modi - RBC Capital Markets Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research Andrea Teixeira - JPMorgan Caroline Levy - Macquarie
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience and holding. We now have your presenters in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of this morning's presentation, we will open the floor for your questions. At that time, instructions will be given as to the procedures to follow-up, if you would like to ask an audio question. It is now my pleasure to introduce today's first presenter, Mr. Paul Alexander.
Paul Alexander: Thank you and good morning everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With us today, are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mike Hsu, Chief Operating Officer; and Maria Henry, our CFO. Here's the agenda for the call; Maria will start with a review of first quarter results and provide a brief update on our global restructuring program. After that, Mike will share his perspectives on our results and the outlook for the year. We will finish with Q&A, with Tom, Mike and Maria. We have a presentation of today's materials in the Investors section of our web site. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. Finally, we will also be referring to adjusted results and outlook; both which exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. The release has information about these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. And now, I'll turn it over to Maria.
Maria Henry: Thanks Paul. Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining the call today. Let me start with the headlines for the quarter. We returned to delivering organic sales growth, with a solid increase of 2%. Margins were impacted by significant commodity inflation. Helping to offset that, we delivered strong cost savings and reduced overhead spending, and our adjusted earnings per share increased 9%. And finally, we are on track with our restructuring program and our overall capital plan. Now let's look at the details of our results. Let me start with sales; our first quarter net sales were $4.7 billion. That's up 5% year-on-year with a three point benefit from currency rates. Organic sales grew 2% in the quarter, led by improved performance in North America. Mike is going to provide some more color on our top line in just a few minutes. Moving on to profitability; our first quarter adjusted growth margin was 33.8%, down 310 basis points year-on-year. Commodities were a drag of $175 million in the quarter, primarily due to higher pulp costs and secondarily, inflation and other raw materials. We are now expecting the full year cost inflation will be between $400 million and $550 million. That's a $100 million to $150 million more than we assumed in January. Meanwhile, our FORCE cost savings program continued to deliver strong results. First quarter savings were $90 million. Moving down the P&L, adjusted operating margins was 17.4%, down 140 basis points. Between-the-lines spending fell 140 basis points as a percent of net sales, as we continue to tightly manage overhead and discretionary spending throughout our company. In a few minutes, Mike will talk about what we are doing to improve margins from the first quarter levels. All in all, adjusted operating profit was down 3%. In addition to the factors that I just mentioned, results benefitted from volume growth and $20 million of favorable currency translation effect, but were also impacted by lower net selling prices. On the bottom line, first quarter adjusted earnings per share were $1.71, up 9% year-on-year. That included about seven points of earnings growth from a lower tax rate, along with benefits from lower interest expense and share count. Turning to cash flow and capital efficiency; cash provided by operations in the first quarter was $542 million compared to $436 million in the year ago quarter. The increase was in line with our expectations and driven by lower tax payments. We continue to allocate capital in a shareholder friendly way. Dividends and share repurchases totaled approximately $550 million in the first quarter, and we expect the full year amount will total $2.1 billion to $2.3 billion. Looking at our results by segment; in Personal Care, organic sales were even year-on-year. Volumes and product mix, each improved 1%, offset by lower net selling prices. Overall Personal Care operating margins remain healthy at 20.4%, although down 120 basis points, including impacts from commodity inflation and lower selling prices. In Consumer Tissue, organic sales rose 5%, volumes increased 7%, while product mix was down two points. Consumer Tissue operating margins of 15.8% were down 340 basis points. Significantly higher pulp costs were partially offset by top line growth, cost savings, and lower between-the-lines spending. In our K-C Professional business, organic sales grew 2%; volumes increased approximately 2% and price and mix were both also slightly positive. K-C Professional operating margins were 19%, that's up 10 basis points, as our team continued to manage well in this environment. Now let me share a brief update on our 2018 Global Restructuring Program. Initial implementation steps are underway, and we are on track with our plan. In terms of our administrative and overhead organizations, in North America, we offered a voluntary severance plan to most of our salaried employees in the first quarter, and that plan is now closed. Soon, we will begin to share more specifics with our workforce, primarily in North America, about our redesigned organization and the resulting implications. We have also announced our intention to move our European shared service center from the U.K. to Poland, in order to reduce our labor costs. In terms of manufacturing facilities, we have announced our intention to close our Consumer Tissue facility in California, and are planning to close our nonwovens facility in Wisconsin. We continue to expect $50 million to $70 million of restructuring savings in 2018, with the vast majority of these savings occurring in the second half of the year, as our workforce reductions ramp up. With that, I will now turn the call over to Mike.
Michael Hsu: Thanks Maria. Good morning. I am going to focus my comments this morning on organic sales and our full year earnings outlook. As Maria just mentioned, organic sales grew 2% in the quarter, which is a good start to the year. Performance included benefits from targeted growth initiatives, innovations launched over the past 12 months, and increased investments in our brands. On our conference call in January, I had talked about our three main growth priorities for the year. Let me now spend a few minutes on each. Our first priority is to strengthen and grow our core businesses. In North American consumer products, organic sales increased 3% in the first quarter, behind volume growth of 6%. Market shares were up or even year-on-year in five of eight product categories, and up or even sequentially compared to the prior quarter in every category. In Personal Care in North America; volumes increased 3%, net selling prices were down 2%, reflecting increased investment levels that helped our volume performance. In terms of innovation, in the first half, we are launching product improvements on Pull-Ups training pants, premium Huggies diapers, Huggies baby wipes, Poise pads, and Depend underwear. In Consumer Tissue in North America, volumes rose 9% compared to a decline of 7% in the year ago period. Results benefitted from increased promotion support, a severe cold and flu season and promotion timing differences compared to last year. Product mix was down three points because of the promotion activity. Now in terms of product news, we are introducing new Kleenex wet wipes, and bringing major bath tissue improvements to Cottonelle, and part of our Scott line-up. The bath tissue upgrades are shipping now, and come with sheet count reductions. This will improve net realized revenue high single digits on nearly $1 billion in annual sales. In our K-C Professional business, volumes were up 2% in North America, with growth in all product categories led by wipers. K-C Professional volumes increased 4% in developing and emerging markets, led by Asia-Pacific. In our developed markets outside North America, organic sales rose 2%. In South Korea, our diaper business continues to be impacted by lower birth rate. However, this was offset by strong results in our other consumer businesses there. Now let me turn to our second priority, which is to accelerate Personal Care growth in developing and emerging markets. First quarter organic sales for these businesses were even year-on-year. Looking at some of our key markets; in Brazil, organic sales were up mid-single digits, driven by broad based volume growth. Market shares were up nearly three points in diapers and two points in feminine care. Elsewhere in Latin America, organic sales were down low single digits. That included lower volumes in Argentina, Chile and Colombia. That said, our market positions are holding up well, including in Argentina, where Huggies share is up 1 point. We expect our sales to pick up in Latin America. We have a number of product innovations launching throughout the region, and we are implementing selling price increases to help offset inflation. In China, organic sales were down mid-single digits. A strong growth in feminine care was more than offset by lower sales in diapers. We just started to introduce a significantly upgraded Huggies premium diaper, and we have more innovation coming later in the year. We expect these innovations will improve our volume trends in the coming quarters. In Eastern Europe, organic sales increased mid-teens. Our momentum continues to be strong in this part of the world, with another quarter of double digit volume growth, and share gains on Huggies and Kotex. Regarding our third growth priority, which is to further build digital and e-commerce capability; we continue to make good progress. Our targeted digital marketing programs, investment in tools to improve capabilities, and customer joint business plans are producing strong results. That was especially true this quarter in North America. So to summarize our top line, I am encouraged with our start to the year. We know we have more work to do, because we continue to operate in a competitive environment. That said, our first quarter results and our plans going forward give me further confidence in our 1% organic growth target for the year. Now, let me turn to our earnings outlook. We continue to target full year 2018 adjusted earnings per share of $6.90 to $7.20. That's a year-on-year growth of 11% to 16%. Our teams are taking actions to improve net realized revenue and reduce costs to offset the commodity headwinds we are facing. We expect these actions will help improve our margins from first quarter levels, especially in the second half of the year. On the revenue front, we are taking steps in several layers of our business. Key actions include the sheet count reductions in North America, and the price increases in Latin America that I just mentioned. In addition, our consumer businesses in other international markets will be raising prices and our K-C Professional team has begun to do the same in most regions. While many of these initiatives were included in our original plan for the year, our overall expectation for selling price increases has improved slightly from three months ago. In terms of our focus on costs, more savings should be built from first quarter levels. In addition, as Maria noted, restructuring savings will occur mostly in the back half of the year, and our teams are moving with urgency to accelerate actions. We are also redoubling our efforts to reduce discretionary spending. In total, we expect these actions, combined with our volume growth initiatives, a slightly better currency outlook, and some flexibility that we built into our original 2018 plan, will enable us to deliver our earnings guidance for the year. So to summarize, we are off to a good start to the year on the top line and with our market positions. We are taking steps to improve our profitability, and we are broadly on track with our 2018 plan. Overall, we remain very optimistic about our opportunities to create long term shareholder value through successful execution of our strategies. That wraps up our prepared remarks, and we will begin to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Thomas Falk: Hey, good morning Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: Hey good morning. Thanks for the question. So I wanted to just ask a little bit about pricing. So I think the sheet count reductions on Consumer Tissues, something where you should probably have very good visibility, have done it many-many times before, and the math is pretty easy to do, thank you for that detail Mike. I was curious though on the Personal Care business, particularly in North America and in Brazil. So one is that in North America, I think we have heard and we heard last week from a major competitor about things just getting a lot tougher on the private label end of the world, in terms of retailers all kind of reacting to each other, will say and the pressure that's putting on the lower end pricing in their portfolio. So I was wondering about your visibility on pricing on North America diapers, how much pressure there is there, and if you really think you can move things up a bit more? And then in Brazil, some chatter about some deflation in Brazil, on it being a difficult place to get pricing, and I was wondering, to what degree that was critical to your forecast? Thank you.
Thomas Falk: I am going to let Mike elaborate on it, and I guess, I'd say just kind of broadly, as you look at private label shares in North America, they really haven't moved around a lot. Our estimated first quarter private label market share for diapers in North America is about the same as the full year average last year, and actually down slightly from fourth quarter. So maybe we have a little bit different view of it than others might, but I don't know Mike, do you want to add anything else to that, other than comment on Brazil and what's going on with pricing there?
Michael Hsu: Yeah. I think, diapers specifically I think was maybe up half a share point in the quarter in North America. I think, maybe the opportunity for us is, we are evaluating some count reductions on diapers and then the other lever for us in pricing in North America would be fine tuning our trade promotion plans, right? And so, there is always an opportunity for us to adjust our frequency and our depth, and that's what we are evaluating right now. With regard to Brazil, we had a good start to the year in Brazil. Sales and volume and share were all up pretty good. I will say, we are taking pricing and have taken pricing in Brazil and that feels like that has gone through and the market has responded accordingly.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. And in North America, the frequency and depth, I mean, is that something that you are seeing competitors move to what's the retailer receptivity to that; because it feels like if anything, retailers are looking at diapers as, whether you [indiscernible] calling it a loss later [ph], but something to drive traffic, bringing in families and etcetera. So I think, that's a category in particular, where they'd be wanting more and more support from their suppliers, rather than less promotional activity?
Michael Hsu: Obviously Lauren, the baby category and mom is very important to retailers, and so they are very focused there. But I do maybe have a different take, which is I think a lot of the pricing activity you are seeing, may have been promotion driven versus retailer strategies. And while I think they all want to be competitive on the diaper business, I think it's, in some ways up to us, to make sure we are managing the business appropriately in the long term. And in this category, I think, innovation, and creating value add and then premiumizing the category over time is really the best way to grow our fixed consumption category, and that's where we are focused on, and I think a lot of the retailers will understand that strategy and approach.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas Falk: Thanks Lauren.
Michael Hsu: Thanks Lauren.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Thomas Falk: Hey good morning Jason.
Jason English: Hey, good morning folks. Thank you for allowing me to ask a question. Michael, I guess in your prepared remarks, early on, you talked about increased investment in brands to drive growth. You referenced in the press release kind of pulling back, and if we look at the last few years, if you continue to sort of pull back, it looks like this will be the fifth year in a row, that as a percentage of sales, advertising, if not marketing overall, has shrunk. It begs the question of whether or not, you may be underinvesting behind your brands, particularly in the competitive environment. Can you shed your perspective or share your perspective on that, and why we shouldn't be concerned that you may need to reinvest going forward, particularly given the weakening top line, especially in emerging markets? Thank you.
Thomas Falk: Yeah, thanks Jason. Obviously, I think as a long term driver, we do want to grow our investments behind the brands. I think that investment comes multiple ways however, and so I think overall, I think, we are very balanced on our advertising spend. We have increased our promotional spend, and as we saw the markets kind of get competitive towards the back half of last year, we did show some funds in the both consumer and trade promotion. And as we go forward this year, I think we have got very strong investments, both in terms of product and innovation in China and North America and in Latin America, and we strengthened our execution or merchandising investments in the brand.
Thomas Falk: Jason, just to build on that. I mean, everything we move to digital coupons winds up being a reduction in net sales and showing up as negative price, even though we might argue, that that's a strategic targeting of an individual consumer.
Jason English: Okay. That's helpful. And then, real quick, if you could delve in a bit more into China, the decline there this quarter is a bit surprising. Can you talk a little bit more about what's going on? You are talking about innovation -- you have been talking about innovation. It seems like you have a pretty full product cycle for quite a few years there, like your position in the market has kind of been eroding. Are there more structural reasons that you could be losing ground, perhaps with the Made in China stamp that's on your product? Maybe it's the marketing posture? I am not sure, I am hoping you could shed light on that?
Thomas Falk: Yeah. I have viewed a couple of headlines, Jason, that Mike can build on. I mean, pretty much all the big international branded players lost share in the last quarter, and so, it has been the local Chinese brands that have actually probably picked it up through e-commerce. And so, that's really just in BCC and in fem care, we had a great quarter with strong growth. And so China is a tough competitive market, it's a huge market with huge potential. Where we have got lots of innovation coming and we still believe in the opportunity there, but it's a tough competitive place in the short term. I don't know, Mike, if there is anything else that you want to add to that?
Michael Hsu: Just as Tom said, Jason, I think the China diaper category is under a little bit of pressure from the local players, and we are addressing that with the major launch of a significant product improvement on Huggies. China overall remains our single largest growth opportunity, both in the near term and over the long term. Pricing has been competitive, but I think that's stabilizing, and I really believe, fundamentally in China, well it's not structural, its product, performance and features are still the key driver of brand choice, and that's still what's driving that marketplace. And so, we are launching our best ever diaper, that delivers a really significant improvement in both thinness, softness, breathability, and absorption. I mean, it's a pretty impressive product. We are excited about it. It's certainly better than what we had out before, and outperforms all major competitors. So we expect that's going to improve our performance, as we get into the back half of the year. Just starting to ship now.
Thomas Falk: It's going to be a competitive market for a long-long time, just given the opportunity there.
Jason English: Sure. Thanks a lot guys.
Thomas Falk: Thanks Jason.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Thomas Falk: Good morning Ali.
Ali Dibadj: Hey, how are you? I have a few things; one is, just to talk a little bit more about the negative price mix dynamics in this quarter, and then kind of going forward, in particular, in North America. Because you guys just said a second ago, the retailers aren't the ones pushing you on price, they kind of have all the more buy-ins from a de-sheeting perspective and tissue at least, and maybe even on a reduced count in diapers that sounded like. But private label, seeing the Nielsen data, and you guys mentioned it, has gone up actually quite a bit, the 50 basis points is not small in the past quarter. And so, let's just even assume the retailers get it? I mean, they are getting private labels in their choice. Let's assume, even the retailers get it, how come you have more confidence that the competitors are getting? PG for example, gets it, that pricing should be more benign going forward, more positive, as opposed to you guys losing lot of share? I am trying to dig into that incremental confidence you have?
Thomas Falk: Maybe I will give you some macro view, and then Mike can give you some details. I mean, number one, if you look sequentially, price for us was negative 2 in the fourth quarter, it was negative 1 in the first quarter. So it did ease a little bit, not a lot, and we have some initiatives in the marketplace, that roughly track commodities, and you see commodities move at this level historically. You typically see some finished product, price recovery, either a pull back in trade, a little bit less depth, and you are starting to see some of that play out in different markets around the world. And so I think, that's not surprising, and we will see how the rest of the year plays out. I don't know, Mike, if there is anything else you want to add to that?
Michael Hsu: No, I mean, Ali, we are trying to be balanced. And obviously, we want to drive the organic growth, but we also want to deliver our margin commitments, and so we are walking that balance. And so the opportunity for us is, we have evaluated opportunities for count reductions and have a few -- quite a few in the plan, but the other opportunity for us is to get more efficient with our trade spending. And you know, we are looking at the competitive marketplace and our field teams have a good sense of what is required to drive the promotional list that we need, and we think we have an opportunity to fine tune it.
Ali Dibadj: So just continuing on that, are you leading the planned price increases?
Thomas Falk: I'd say in general, we are probably matching up globally with competition. And just as an example, we didn't lead it, to be clear.
Ali Dibadj: You did not?
Thomas Falk: We didn't. And some large market examples that have happened recently, we did not lead it.
Ali Dibadj: Okay. And then, from a -- production on pulp pricing, I know you guys are very loyal to the RISI numbers. Can you give us an update on what that's looking like going forward? Last quarter, we all talked about the RISI numbers being perhaps a little bit too positive in terms of pulling the pulp prices down, at least on NBSK, it seems like, towards the end of this year. Can you tell us where that is and how you guys are modeling the prices at this point, on pulp?
Thomas Falk: We use RISI, because they have been the best forecaster out there. I don't know that we are in love with any of them, and I think every pulp forecast that I have ever gotten in my career, just about always had a positive upwards slope and they are only right half of the time. So at this point, every forecast we get lately, pulp prices look like they are going higher than the last one we got. And so, you are certainly -- having seen pulp markets in the past, they can get a bit frothy, as the producers are disciplined on taking downtime and you get some Chinese demand. You can definitely see some upward moves in pulp price, and that's certainly showing up in some of the RISI data we have seen lately, and that's kind of the high end of our forecast range. It's kind of the worse case of what we have seen from RISI lately.
Ali Dibadj: So not tailing off until lower by the end of the year, effectively, what you are saying?
Thomas Falk: I think that's what the current outlook would look like.
Ali Dibadj: Okay. And then my last question is, just this mix between -- I think between the lines, as you call it, or A&P, I guess, spend, as part of between the lines, versus trade spend. I get that you can shift from A&P to an online coupon, and you get a response, it's a transactional response. But is that building brand or are you training the consumer to be more looking for and seeking of deals, so you are actually hurting the brand over the long term? And this is the bait [ph] we have had with many other companies to --
Thomas Falk: This is a very philosophical question this morning, Ali. I'd say, first of all, every coupon is a company with some other kind of a brand message, and you want to click through -- get the consumer to click through and see your other brand equity building messages. And it is one of the things that we do think about, is that are you building equity in the right places, and to Mike's earlier comment, we believe, product innovation and having winning products, talking about in the right way, and in some cases, providing an incentive to try, is the way you build brands long term. But we are -- I think we are all trying to figure out, how do we build a one-to-one relationship versus a mass media blast, way of building brands.
Michael Hsu: Yeah Ali, we are pushing a big shift in the digital. It gets more complicated, because some of it goes into consumer promotion. A lot of it actually goes into trade, because we do some of -- quite a bit of it for our customers, with online media. And it may not necessarily even be a coupon, it could be a pure add, and we are getting a lot of efficiency in terms of ROI on it, because it's allowing us to target our consumer with a lot more precision. I would just put our Asia Pacific team out last month, and they were showing that, the hits on target more than doubled over the past year, in terms of reaching our target audience, versus the spillover that you might get on TV.
Ali Dibadj: Okay. Thanks very much guys.
Thomas Falk: Thanks Ali.
Michael Hsu: Thanks Ali.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Thomas Falk: Good morning Stephen.
Stephen Powers: Thanks. Good morning. So I guess, a little bit more on pricing, if I could. So I guess, if the environment is as constructive as it -- I guess, it sounds like you are implying with branded and private label pressures, maybe less severe than many of us perceived. Haven't we seen more pricing to-date, and why should things change, going forward? Just because gross margin is down 300 basis points year-over-year, it's a pretty -- just implies a pretty difficult backdrop. So just a little bit more kind of clarity between what we are seeing in the actual data, and then what you are -- just like the qualitative communication today seems to be implying. There seems to be a disconnect there. So just any color you have there would be great?
Thomas Falk: The only misread that we are saying it's an easy pricing environment, and it's not. It's a challenging competitive environment. As we would look at our gross margins, it's down significantly year-over-year, it's down about 100 basis points sequentially. So it's not that far off from where it was in the fourth quarter. Some of the pricing actions we talked about are just going into the market now, or they have been announced and we will roll in, in the second quarter. So we didn't get a lot of it in the first quarter results. And I think, like everybody else, pricing has certain expectations, and as commodity cost expectations have increased during the quarter, that's caused some of our teams to go back and relook at their plans for the year, and see, where else we can generate more revenue. Mike, I don't know if you want to --
Michael Hsu: Yeah, I wouldn't Steve -- I don't think we are trying to imply whether the pricing environment is difficult or very easy or -- all we are trying to suggest is, these are the actions we are taking; which is, we have taken some account reductions. We are managing our trade budget to be much more efficient, and we are looking at the frequency and depth of our promotions.
Stephen Powers: Okay. Maybe just it would help. On the sheet count reductions, specific that you mentioned in North America, is that an issue that you have led or are you following someone else's action in the market?
Michael Hsu: I believe that our key competitor has already taken that in 2017, and so -- and we are coupling with a significant product improvement, because it's also -- it's much easier to get price or revenue recognition, when you have got innovation to package it with. It's a whole different conversation with the retailer, if you have got a better performing product. And yes, they cost a little bit more, so even a different conversation with the consumer. It's a straight list price change, that's a little harder for them to swallow sometimes. So some of the pricing actions are tying into innovation activities that we have planned, as the year rolls out.
Thomas Falk: For example, Steve, on Cottonelle, we have got a terrific product improvement superiority versus other brands, and it's a breakthrough type product for us, and that did come with a sheet count reduction, high single digit, in fact.
Stephen Powers: Okay, great. I guess -- and one last one if you could, given the way you've guided commodities, which effectively is below current spot and below year-to-date run rates. I guess, in the context of pricing, I am just trying to understand, how you frame that? What's the pitch to retail partners; because it seems on the surface, a bit muddled, but we have faced a lot of pressure. We think commodities will trend lower, but we need some pricing. I'd just love some commentary there?
Thomas Falk: Well, they are still going to be higher significantly year-over-year I think, and they are all watching it and they are seeing it across other categories as well. So it's not enough dialog.
Stephen Powers: Thank you very much.
Thomas Falk: Thanks Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from Olivia Tong with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Thomas Falk: Good morning Olivia.
Olivia Tong: Thanks. Good morning. Can you talk about how you are feeling about your market shares and relative strength? Where you are seeing some improvement; because your commentary is clearly more optimistic than some of your competitors, and obviously you are looking to price. So just would love to hear a little bit about market share specifically, in Tissue and Personal Care?
Thomas Falk: Yeah. Mike can give you a little bit more detail. I mean, I would say, we weren't satisfied with our market shares in 2017, and we had a better start to the year and the first quarter. And so, I think -- and we track the major markets and major categories, and I think we were up in almost 60% of those in the first quarter. But we'd still say, you know, that's kind of bouncing back from a tougher year in 2017. So we are pleased, but we are not satisfied, I guess is a way to describe it.
Michael Hsu: I'd characterize it as maybe a good start to the year, but we want to continue to focus on it. Overall, North America, up about a share point, up in five of eight of our overall categories. Up in Brazil significantly; Argentina, Eastern Europe up a couple of points as well. I think the one area that we need to improve, and that's where we are bringing innovation, is in China, where we are down a couple of points in diapers.
Thomas Falk: [indiscernible].
Olivia Tong: Got it. And that sort of leads into my question about emerging markets, because it's surprising to see that your sales were worse in emerging markets versus developed markets. But typically you don't see that. So you mentioned earlier a lot of the local competitors kind of getting better in online, but I thought your shares were better or your shares were higher online than off. So can you talk about the disconnect there?
Thomas Falk: That's still true. I think online is a place where you probably have fewer barriers to entry, and so there is more players coming into that space. If you could trial in a category, you can drain off some of the growth in that category.
Olivia Tong: Is most of that new product -- most of the innovation that's launching in China, is that primarily going to be in Q2, or is it more equitable through the year?
Thomas Falk: We will have a big push in Q2. But then, there is more coming later in the year.
Olivia Tong: Got it.
Michael Hsu: A lot of it is shipping right now.
Olivia Tong: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Wells Fargo.
Bonnie Herzog: Thank you. Good morning.
Thomas Falk: Good morning Bonnie.
Bonnie Herzog: Good morning. I have a question on private label. I know you guys are somewhat confident about your position against private label; but some of the channel data we look at, suggests that private label continues to make inroads into some of your larger categories. So curious to hear if you guys are noticing instances, where you might be losing shelf space to private label at retail, or possibly these share gains coming at the expense of some of your competitors products?
Thomas Falk: Okay, Bonnie. Yeah, we are following the private label trends very carefully, particularly in North America. And our focus is really on differentiating our brands with value added innovation and partnering with the customers, to focus on category growth. But the overall penetration levels over -- if you looked over the past five years, had been at similar levels. Down overall in Personal Care and up a bit in Consumer Tissue. We are focused on differentiation, and we have done that well, we have been able to grow our share and that's occurred in categories like adult care, diapers, and wipes. What we need to a better job is in the bath tissue category, where private label penetration has grown a bit over the last couple of years, and that's what, we are bringing in some significant innovation this year, with Cottonelle and Scott Comfort Plus.
Bonnie Herzog: Okay. That's helpful. And then I just had another question on your supply chain. Some of your peers have talked about steps they have taken across the supply chain to really, I guess, adapt to the changing retail inventory, [indiscernible] patterns, and I guess in a sense to more rapidly products to reduce system inventories. So I guess I am curious to hear what steps you might be taking to reduce system inventories thus far, and whether there are still improvements you can potentially make? Thanks.
Thomas Falk: That's a great question. I will have Maria build on that. And really, we are trying to keep our retailers in stock, while minimizing system inventory. There is a lot of stuff that we are working on. Maria, I know you can give them some color on that?
Maria Henry: Yeah. I think there is a couple of points there. As you know, we have got significant activities in our company to improve our overall supply chain. One, just generally through our FORCE cost savings program, and two, with our restructuring there, we have taken that global view of our manufacturing network and are taking some steps to improve our advantages there. In terms of the retailer inventory, I do think it's worth noting that that was not an issue that we saw this quarter, and so, we are working the supply chain overall, clearly it's evolving as new channels are evolving and we are working with our key customers on how to make all of that work and continuing to improve what we have got.
Bonnie Herzog: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas Falk: Thanks Bonnie.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Thanks. Good morning.
Thomas Falk: Hey Kevin.
Kevin Grundy: Hey, good morning. I wanted to drill down on gross margins a bit if we could. So if I am not mistaken here in looking at our model, it's the lowest gross margin you have delivered since the first quarter of 2012, and of course, we understand that the environment is difficult and input costs have moved higher. But how should we think about this now, particularly two pieces to it? Number one, the near term, the progression for the balance of the year, input costs clearly higher, you talked about some pricing you could potentially get. But then also the longer term component of it, so your ability to restore gross margins to current levels, I guess, I asked it in the context of a couple of things. Number one, street expectations seem to suggest something in the 36%, or even close to 37% range looking out to 2020. Is that a feasible number? You delivered something close to that, looking back to 2016. But is the environment different now, and the market sort of discussion here is not lost on you guys [indiscernible], just in terms around CPG brands strength [ph] ability to take pricing maybe perhaps impaired. So a commentary there would be helpful. Another one, the near term, the cadence here on the gross margin for the balance of the year, and then the second piece, sort of longer term, what's your confidence now that we can come off of this sub-34% level and restored something closer to where expectations, street estimates currently are in the 36%, 37% range?
Thomas Falk: Yeah. I think those are all important questions. And I'd say if you -- we have got a pretty significant commodity exposure. And so, you are going to see some swings in our gross margin when commodities are relatively low, gross margins will spike up a little bit and vice versa, which is what we are going through right now. If you kind of look at the quarter, virtually, all of the decrease in our gross profit, if you net it all out, was the negative price item. All the other stuff, commodity costs, net of cost savings, net of currency benefit kind of washed out, and the price kind of fell through to the bottom line. So as we roll forward, we hope we have more positive pricing comparisons, as we get some price in the market. This is probably the toughest commodity costs year-on-year comparison in the quarter. So commodity costs, we will start to lap those increases, that started to happen in the second half of last year. We expect our cost savings to build, both from our FORCE cost savings program, and our FORCE cost savings program, and our restructuring cost savings, some of which will hit gross profits, some of which will hit in between the lines. So we have got a lot of levers pulling, that should improve our gross profit perspective, as we work through the year, and that's kind of what our guidance is built around. If that's helpful?
Kevin Grundy: I mean, directionally it helps. I mean, like more specifically, because I guess like, the market concern would be that, 2015 and 2016 were sort of peak margins for this business, the environment has now changed, particularly in the U.S., there is a balance of power shift to retail, that pricing is going to become more difficult, that those levels are just not something that can be attained to get. It will be increasingly difficult. Would you agree with that characterization on, just specifically on quantifying that number? Is that a realistic number?
Thomas Falk: I would say, if you look at our margins over a long period of time, they are going to oscillate around the commodities cycle. I mean, there is usually a lag between when commodities go up and when you get price. And then, when commodities hit bottom, there is a lag before your price adjusts downward, if it's going to. So my goal, is that there is still a positive upward slope to the line, and that hopefully over time, we are getting more efficient, we are driving more innovation, we are improving our product mix and if we can do that, we should see long term positive trend on gross margin. You can have pretty big swings, as we have seen this quarter, from commodities in any one period of time.
Kevin Grundy: That's helpful. I appreciate. If I could just squeeze in one more on [indiscernible] topic, just around balance sheet flexibility and capital deployment decisions. So the Group has obviously been weak and Kimberly included in that, with the market increasingly concerned around competitive dynamics, the mode of these businesses, etcetera, and you guys haven't traditionally looked at M&A, and your balance sheet is in good shape. So have you considered potentially buying the stock back more aggressively, would you add half a turn of leverage or so, and implement and accelerate share repurchase program? Is that something that you think about, given the pullback in the stock price?
Maria Henry: Well, I'd say a few things. We have a very balanced view on capital allocation, where we are looking to invest in our business, grow our dividends and beyond that, then we look at whether M&A opportunities and what's the excess cash flow that you have in the business to look at how much is allocated to share repurchases. From a leverage standpoint, I like our position, just around two times leverage, and maintaining our A credit rating is important to us, because it does provide flexibility, it provides assets to lower cost commercial paper, and in a competitive environment, it's important to have a strong balance sheet, so that we can deliver against our model, really in any economic cycle and also, not be competitively disadvantaged, where we have got large global competitors that also have strong balance sheets. I would say that, while we haven't done a lot on the M&A front, we do look at it. We actively look at M&A opportunities. We have got a team of folks, and as you can imagine, given our size in the space, if something is moving, we are probably looking at it. But we are very disciplined in how we allocate our capital, and so you haven't seen us pull the trigger on M&A, because we haven't found something that makes economic sense, that we believe will create long term shareholder value. But we do like the flexibility that the balance sheet gives us, and there are advantages to having that flexibility.
Thomas Falk: Kevin, the only other build I'd add for you, is that we have just kicked off this big restructuring program. And over the next couple of years, we are going to be spending more than normal on capital spending, and maintaining a healthy share repurchase program. So that is going to put a little bit of pressure on our debt in the near term. But we think investing in our core business, with the work that we are doing, with all the restructuring program, is a very high return approach for us, relative to other things that we could do with the money.
Kevin Grundy: That's great. Good luck guys. Thank you for the questions.
Thomas Falk: Thank you, Kevin.
Maria Henry: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets.
Thomas Falk: Good morning Nik.
Nik Modi: Yeah, thanks. Good morning everyone. Good morning. Just two questions for me; the first one, just broadly on category growth, just would love to get your perspective on some of the major markets, particularly, North America. And then, the other question is, how does Kimberly-Clark measure consumer value equations, and how has the methodology changed? I guess, I am asking, because there is so much change going on in the marketplace. Like how do you make sure that you have the right value propositions relative to the peer group, just given what's going on with private label online, emerging brands, etcetera, etcetera. Thanks.
Michael Hsu: Yeah okay, hey Nik. One, on the overall category; North America I think, maybe the headline was -- the big change was in diapers, for the infant child care category, which was flat across all outlooks last quarter, which was the first time it was flat since 2016. So that was a big change. You may know that was down mid-single digits, most of last year, so that was a big change for us. And then most of the other categories in North America were generally consistent or slightly improved from prior quarters. So I think, green shoots I think on the category front in North America, and then in most other markets, I think in Brazil, we are encouraged with -- and also GDP is expected to grow about 3% this year. Unemployment was down a little bit less than we had expected in Q1. So we are off to a very good start in Brazil this year. China, I think the diaper category overall continues to grow. It's just the -- I think, the competitive situation has gotten a little tougher, due to some product innovation from the local competitors. Any other?
Thomas Falk: And the consumer value equation question, Nik, is another philosophical question. It's one that's probably more opaque, because you don't have visibility of what everybody is doing in the digital space. But it's one that, we are continuing to trying to refine our measures and test different things to see how to assess that. I don't know Mike, if you have got anything else, so you can share that's not proprietary on that.
Michael Hsu: Nik, I think we are pretty disciplined. I mean, it's the -- the equation side is like, what are the brand benefits, product quality, the brand impression, all those -- the bundle of features and benefits that we are offering, and we are pretty disciplined about assessing our -- what we call product acceptability, or how good a product is, in absolute terms, relative to both brands and private label. And then the denominator of that equation, obviously, is the price, and our strategy is, we want to be superior on the benefits and competitive on the price, which is why you are seeing, when we talk about fine tuning promotions, I think last year I was talk about fine tuning and getting a little bit more competitive on price, and then this year, I think the fine tuning, given the commodity environment is headed the other way.
Nik Modi: Great. Thanks Mike. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge.
Thomas Falk: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning. Thanks. Hey good morning. Thanks very much. I wanted to follow-up on a discussion that Bonnie started, with a couple of specifics. When I look at -- was volume and North America particularly better than your expectations this quarter? And I wanted to maybe parse out, how in general, when you are making big supply chain moves, you approach that volume price balances? On one hand, you want the absorption to be right, that would tend to emphasize volume, but you also want the price to be right? Or does that supply chain move and form your strategy, in North America, specifically, at all? Thanks.
Thomas Falk: Yeah. I mean, I think, maybe to simplify it, is we really want our supply chain to track closely consumer demand and consumer takeaway. So we want -- the consumer is the boss, and want her and her purchase patterns to drive our supply chain, and we need to be able to react to that. And then our teams are planning the business in six month buckets, as to when they have promotional activity planned and we are trying to get better and better at our ability to forecast that, and make sure we deliver outstanding customer service, and can fulfill everything that we committed to our customers to go do. So we plan to have a better start to the year in North America, and I'd say, Mike had even started a little better than we would have expected, but our supply chain was able to adapt to that.
Jonathan Feeney: Okay. Thank you very much.
Thomas Falk: Thanks Jonathan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you for squeezing me in. So my question is on the cost and expense savings program. First, if you can elaborate on the discretionary marketing spend reduction, you called in since the guidance in the last quarter. And examples of the cuts you have implemented, is that [indiscernible]. And the second part of the same question, on the manufacturing footprint, the closure of the California plant that Maria referred on the prepared remarks, that seems to coincide with increasing the imports from Kimberly Mexico, which you have a minority interest. Is that a plan for you to increase to do this cost based [ph] agreement with Kimberly Mexico? And the reason why I ask, is that, you had $90 million in cost savings this quarter, as far as I understand, which is tracking below your $460 million for the year, the midpoint of the guidance. So I want to just see if you can elaborate on those two points? Thank you.
Maria Henry: Sure. I will start with your last point, just pickup on some of the comments that Tom made on the $90 million of FORCE cost savings. That's a good first quarter for us. We expect that their savings will ramp through, as the year goes on throughout the year, and we are still holding to the $400 million target that we got for the year. In terms of the manufacturing footprint, and specifically, the plant related actions, that we are taking as part of the restructuring, as we laid out our restructuring program, we did a lot of detailed planning on, how we would fulfill demand, as we move through the restructuring, and then longer term, and we look to optimize that. What I would say is K-C de Mexico is a great partner for us, and a very strong company. They had nice results this quarter, and it's certainly an option, but as we looked at our overall footprint optimization, the majority of the sourcing comes from Kimberly-Clark plants. And then your -- the first part of your question was around our lower SG&A expenses, and I think it was particularly around advertising. And what I'd say there, is that, we have done a deep dive on our advertising expenditures in all of our major markets, and what we have found is that, we had an opportunity to reduce the amount that we are spending on non-working advertising activities, and redeploy some of those funds to working advertising. And so that's an area that we are focused on, and that is, we talked about earlier, there is a shift between doing mass advertising and doing more specific targeted activities, some of which, such as digital couponing, end up as part of the advertising lines. So when I look at our overall investments, I think we are in a good place, even though you see the advertising line on the P&L, a little later than it was last year.
Thomas Falk: Yeah, maybe just to put that in perspective; I mean, it's going to be roughly 10 basis points down from the average of last year. First quarter was the high watermark last year. Some of this also has to do with timing of innovation and when new products will launch. So I mean, we are still committed to supporting our brands at the right level, both with advertising and as well as promotion.
Andrea Teixeira: Yeah, go ahead. Sorry.
Maria Henry: I will just note, when we look at focusing on the cost reductions and the discretionary spend that I talked about, there is an intense focus, more around the general expenses, on the general and administrative expenses, on the P&L. And I think when you look at the numbers, you saw some really good progress there again in the first quarter.
Andrea Teixeira: This is very helpful. Just one quick fact check on what Maria said, $90 million obviously tracks well with the FORCE. But then this quarter, I don't think you had much of the other restructuring program savings, are you still tracking to that amount, for the full year?
Maria Henry: Yes. But we have got, in addition to the FORCE cost savings, we are targeting $50 million to $70 million for benefits from the restructuring program, and those are expected to come in the second half.
Thomas Falk: Basically in the first quarter, we announced the plan to our employees and got organized to implement it. And so, as Maria mentioned, we did a voluntary severance program in North America, that is now closed and those job reductions will start to take place in the second quarter. So we will start to get savings more in the back half of the year from that effort.
Andrea Teixeira: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Thomas Falk: Thank you.
Maria Henry: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Caroline Levy with Macquarie.
Caroline Levy: Good morning. Thank you --
Thomas Falk: Hey Caroline.
Caroline Levy: Hi. Having just got back from many different cases in Asia, the commentary on the local competition in China was really brought home when I was there. And I am just trying to understand, how a product that can be substantially below your quality, which I believe it really is in these local cases; how the innovation is going to drive the local players out of the market; because it seems to me they are not really competing on product quality there, kind of beating on something else. That was my first question. The second is, please, if you could address, whether you are doing any private label production, if so, if it was meaningful to the first quarter, and what percentage of your sales goes online in the U.S. right now versus China? That's three, sorry.
Thomas Falk: Okay. Yes, we can -- between Mike and I, can probably cover those. I mean, I think in China, competitors, you raise an interesting point, and there is lots of interesting products available over there, some are good and some are not. Some are very high priced, even well above the price that you pay for a premium or super premium international product. And if they get trial, they might not get repeat, but they can still pick up some market share, and our hope is that, over time, we are building loyal consumers that want to stay on our franchise. But moms, especially moms in China who want the best for baby, are exploring new ideas and trying new things and so, there is just a lot more competitive offerings in that market. And so our belief is, product performance matters, if we do a great job of delivering on that, and talking to the consumer about it in the right way and having it in the place where you can find it, that we are going to win in any market, including China. I think private label production, I mean, is a tiny part of our business overall, it's less than 5%. So I mean, I think, I wouldn't really comment too much on that. And then e-commerce in China, Mike what it is probably --
Michael Hsu: Overall, it's about a 50% penetration in China. About north of 70% in Korea, depending on the category we are talking. And then North America, mid to high single digit, but that varies quite a bit amongst categories, with diaper being significantly higher than that.
Caroline Levy: The diapers double digit in terms of market share online in U.S.?
Thomas Falk: Yes.
Michael Hsu: Yes. Well market share and also penetration rate.
Thomas Falk: Also just to be clear, the data is not as robust as other data we would give you, because there is a ton of retailers that are doing click and collect. Virtually, every retailer is doing some form of click and collect, and none of that is counted anywhere in an e-commerce measurement, because no one collects the data that way. So they are probably as bigger than any number we would quote you in North America, but we don't have any way to measure it really.
Michael Hsu: And I'd add Caroline, we are doing well in e-commerce. I think we grew strong double digits overall globally last year, and we are expecting similar results this year.
Caroline Levy: And last one, did you grow double digits in China e-commerce or was that down quite substantially? I guess, it must be actually?
Michael Hsu: I don't have that number right now.
Caroline Levy: All right. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Thank you.
Thomas Falk: Hi Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: Just one quick question on freight costs. It's just a topic kind of across the industry, there is nothing that we have talked about much. So what are you guys seeing in terms of freight inflation? Is it generally kind of in line going into your expectations, or is that something we should just be thinking about as well?
Thomas Falk: Yeah. It's an issue, and we ship high tube [ph] low value items, so freight is a big cost for us. But we probably -- we are less of a spot freight buyer and more of a contract freight buyer because of that, and so, we probably have been buffered from some of the spot gyrations that may be some that are structured a little differently or freight is a smaller part of their costs, they might manage it in a different way. So in our high volume freight lanes, we have contractual relationships, that we pay higher diesel, but we aren't paying some of the other costs. I mean, we may eventually have some pass-through, when those contracts are renegotiated. But for the moment, we are not suffering quite as much as others.
Lauren Lieberman: That's very helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Thomas Falk: Hey Ali.
Ali Dibadj: Hey guys I have a follow-up as well. So two things, one is, North America e-commerce clearly is one of the focus areas for you. Can you give us a sense of your online share versus your offline share, and sense of the pace of that closing, if at all?
Thomas Falk: Yeah. I mean, I'd say, broadly, in total our online share is pretty similar to our offline share. In fact, it might even be a little bit higher, because there is no private label typically in your online share. But it can vary a little bit by category. But I would say, we are competitive, because there is less private label online, we would probably want it to be even higher than our offline share.
Michael Hsu: And that would vary by category. So a little bit ahead maybe in -- in maybe Tissue and adult and fem care, and maybe we got off to a little bit of a slow start years ago on the diaper category. But we are gaining ground in diapers as well.
Ali Dibadj: Okay. And no private label, except the private label that you guys might be making or might not be making for Amazon.
Thomas Falk: You couldn't resist that one, Ali, I guess? You trying to chum the water and see if I take the bait, is that the strategy this morning?
Ali Dibadj: No, no, look, you guys are very good with that stuff. On private label in general, look I get it's for you guys, I guess it's less than 5% of sales. Can you give us a sense of the growth of that less than 5%?
Thomas Falk: I mean, I wouldn't say it has been something that we would feel like we needed to talk about or we would have talked about it. So it's one that -- we have got a very small number of customers that we do that for, and we are happy with the business, I think they are happy with the business, and -- but we really are focused on driving innovation behind our brands, and winning with that total bundle.
Ali Dibadj: But it's growing much faster than your underlying business. Is that a fair assumption?
Thomas Falk: I don't think I would agree with that statement. It hasn't changed much as a percent of sales, let me put it that way over time.
Ali Dibadj: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas Falk: Yes. Thanks.
Operator: At this time, we have no other questioners in the queue.
Paul Alexander: All right. Well then we will wrap up with a comment from Tom.
Thomas Falk: Well once again, we are off to a good start in the first quarter relative to our plan for the year. And so it's a challenging environment, but you can count on your Kimberly-Clark team to try to manage through that as best as we can. Once again, we appreciate your support of Kimberly-Clark. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes this morning's presentation. You may disconnect your phone lines and thank you for joining us this morning.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Alexander - VP, IR Maria Henry - Senior VP & CFO Thomas Falk - Executive Chairman & CEO Michael Hsu - President, COO & Director
Analysts: Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Stephen Powers - Deutsche Bank Jason English - Goldman Sachs Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Bonnie Herzog - Wells Fargo Olivia Tong - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Wendy Nicholson - Citi Research Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research Andrea Teixeira - JPMorgan Iain Simpson - Societe Generale Kevin Grundy - Jefferies Priya Ohri-Gupta - Barclays
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience and holding. We now have your speakers in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of this morning's presentation, we will open the floor for questions. At that time, instructions will be given as to the procedures to follow-up, if you would like to ask an audio question. It is now my pleasure to introduce today's first presenter Mr. Paul Alexander.
Paul Alexander: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clarks year-end earnings conference call. On the call this morning are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mike Hsu, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Maria Henry, our CFO. Heres the agenda for the call. Maria will begin with a review of full year 2017 results. After that Tom will discuss our announcements this morning of a new global restructuring program and also our multi-year ongoing cost savings target. Mike will then comment on our 2018 outlook and well finish with Q&A. As usual, we have a presentation of todays materials in the Investors section of our website. That presentation includes an appendix with a summary of business segment results for 2017 and our key planning assumptions for 2018. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. We will also be referring to adjusted results and outlook; both exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. The release has further information about these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. And now, I'll turn it over to Maria.
Maria Henry: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining our call today. Let me start with the headlines of our full year results. Sales and earnings were broadly consistent with our previous outlook. We achieved record FORCE cost savings and reduced discretionary spending to help offset commodity inflation and fund competitive investment, and we improved capital efficiency and returned significant cash to shareholders. Now let's cover the details of our results, starting with our sales. Full year net sales were $18.3 billion. Total sales and organic sales were both pretty similar year-on-year. On organic sales, volumes increased 1% and product mix improved slightly. Net selling prices were down more than 1%, reflecting the competitive environment and, in some cases, improving currency rate. Looking at the topline by geography, in developing and emerging markets, organic sales rose 3% with volume growth of 5%. In terms of key growth market, personal care volumes increased mid-single digits in Latin America and in China and nearly 20% in Eastern Europe. In developed markets outside of North America, organic sales declined 3%. The diaper category decline in South Korea was the big driver of that decrease. In North America, organic sales for consumer products fell 2%. Our results benefited from innovations, but were impacted by competitive activity and the lower U.S. birthrate. In K-C Professional in North America, organic sales were similar year-on-year. Volumes increased 1% in what is a relatively sluggish market. Moving on to profitability. Full year gross margin was 35.9%, down 70 basis points year-on-year. That reflects lower selling prices and $355 million of commodity inflation. Helping to offset those headwinds, our FORCE cost-savings program continued to deliver strong results. Full year savings were an all-time record $450 million. Moving down the P&L, between-the-lines spending fell 40 basis points as a percent of net sales as we tightly managed our overhead. Adjusted operating margin was 18.2%, down 20 basis points. By business segment, margins rose 50 basis points in Personal Care and 60 basis points in K-C Professional. Margins in consumer tissue were down 130 basis points and were impacted by higher pulp costs. Our adjusted effective tax rate in 2017 was 28.6%, that was lower than our 2016 rate of 30.7% as our teams did a good job executing planning initiative. Full year adjusted earnings per share were $6.23, up 3% year-on-year. That was in line with our October guidance to expect earnings to be at the low end of the $6.20 to $6.35 range. Before I turn to cash flow, let me comment on how U.S. tax reform is going to impact us. Overall, we are pleased with the outcomes as the changes will give us a meaningfully lower ongoing tax rate. In 2018, we expect our adjusted rate will be between 23% and 26%. At the midpoint, that's equivalent to about six points of year-on-year earnings growth. We also anticipate ongoing annual cash flow benefits from tax reform. That provides us flexibility to continue to allocate significant capital to shareholders, while we also fund increased capital spending and our restructuring program over the next few years. Finally, I'll note that the one-time cash flow impact as a result of tax reform shouldn't be significant for us. Now let's turn to cash flow and capital efficiency. Cash flow provided by operations was $2.9 billion in 2017 compared to $3.2 billion in 2016. The decline was in line with our expectations and driven by higher tax payments. We expect cash flow in 2018 will be similar to 2017's level. In terms of balance sheet efficiency for 2017, we reduced primary working capital cash conversion cycle by six days and we also improved adjusted return on invested capital by 20 basis points. On capital allocation, dividends and share repurchases totaled $2.3 billion, that's the seventh consecutive year we've returned at least $2 billion to shareholders. In 2018, we plan to repurchase $700 million to $900 million of Kimberly-Clark stock. In addition, were increasing our dividend by 3.1%. That's our 46th consecutive annual increase in the dividend. All together, we expect to allocate between $2.1 billion and $2.3 billion to dividends and share repurchases in 2018. That's equal to more than 5% of our current market capitalization. So before I turn it over to Tom, let me summarize our results for the year. We increased earnings in a challenging environment, we delivered significant cost savings, reduced discretionary spending and managed our balance sheet well and we continue to allocate capital in shareholder-friendly ways. Tom?
Thomas Falk: Thanks, Maria. Good morning, everyone. As Paul mentioned, I'll focus my comments on our new global restructuring initiative and on our ongoing FORCE cost savings program. Let me start with FORCE. So I'm encouraged with the progress that we've made on FORCE over the last several years. Our investment back in 2015 to create a global supply chain organization that was tightly linked to our businesses is paying off. We have more capability, we have more process discipline and we've got more visibility into our future opportunities. And most importantly, we are generating more savings, including the record performance that Maria just mentioned in 2017. So looking ahead, our FORCE pipeline is healthy and we expect significant savings to continue going forward. And as a sign of that confidence, we are establishing a multiyear commitment to this program, which is to save more than 1.5 billion over the next four years. And those savings are on top of the benefits that we expect from our new restructuring initiative, which I'll talk about now. So as many of you know and if you followed us for a while, you know that we have a long track record of announcing and executing strategic changes that have made us a much stronger company over time. These actions and the execution of our ongoing strategies have generated significant shareholder value. And we've adapted appropriately to the challenging environments that we've encountered over the years. And so today's announcement of our 2018 Global Restructuring Program is just the latest example of our proactive and strategic approach to managing Kimberly-Clark so that we can win in the marketplace and create long-term shareholder value. Toward taking these actions to accelerate our return to delivering on our long-term top and bottom line growth objectives over time. We remain very optimistic about our long-term future. We've got a terrific portfolio of brands, we have leading technologies and we've got strong capabilities in our major countries around the world. And many of the categories we participate in have significant growth potential, particularly in developing and emerging markets. So this restructuring program is the biggest program we have undertaken since we launched our Global Business Plan back in 2003. And this program will make our company leaner, stronger and faster. We expect the restructuring to generate cost savings of $500 million to $550 million by the end of 2021. And that means over this time period, we will have generated more than $2 billion in total savings from FORCE and the restructuring program to help us drive sales, to handle commodity cost increases and currency changes and to improve our margins. So these savings will allow us to do the following things: First, we'll be able to invest more to drive our top line growth, and those investments will be focused on strengthening and growing our core businesses, accelerating our personal care growth opportunities in developing and emerging markets and further building our digital and e-commerce capabilities. Mike can give you or will give you a little more color on those growth priorities when he talkies about our 2018 outlook. And second, we'll be able to compete more effectively in an environment that has become more challenging over the last two years. A key priority for us is to maintain or improve our market share positions, particularly in key markets and businesses, investing more behind our brands will help us improve our share trends over time. And third, we'll be in an even better position to improve our margins. Even in slow-growth conditions, we know we need to grow our profit and earnings to deliver attractive shareholder returns. So in terms of how we'll achieve the restructuring savings, we'll streamline and simplify our overhead organization and our manufacturing supply chain. We'll also better take advantage of scale opportunities and technology. We'll continue to use our locally driven operating model, including having profit and loss accountability reside with local teams. At the same time, we will shift more routine work and transactional activities to regional shared-service centers. And all our functions will drive more process discipline, which will help us with efficiency and sharing of best practices. So these changes will lower our overhead spending and make us even more competitive with industry benchmarks. From a supply chain standpoint, this program will require us to close or sell about 10 manufacturing facilities and capacity at several other locations will be expanded to improve scale and cost of those facilities. Workforce reductions in conjunction with the restructuring are expected to be in the range of 5,000 to 5,500 employees. These are difficult but necessary actions to make the Kimberly-Clark an even stronger company going forward. We also expect to exit or divest some lower-margin businesses that are equal to about 1% of company sales, and those divestitures will be concentrated in the consumer tissue segment. To implement the restructuring, we expect total cash spending of $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion by the end of 2020. And that consists of $900 million to $1 billion in pre-tax charges and approximately $600 million to $700 million of incremental capital spending. Because of the restructuring and other long-term investments that we've got planned, we expect our total capital spending in 2018 and 2019 will be somewhat higher than our long term target of 4.5% to 5.5% of net sales. When we get to 2020, we expect spending to return more in range of our long-term target. We'll continue to allocate capital in shareholder-friendly ways as we execute the restructuring. And we expect to continue to increase our dividend and repurchase meaningful amounts of our stock, including in 2018, as Maria just noted. So to summarize, we're taking aggressive action to accelerate our return to delivering our Global Business Plan objectives over time. We'll generate substantial savings over the next several years to provide more flexibility to invest and improve our margins. And we will significantly improve our company for the long term. Now let me turn it over to Mike.
Michael Hsu: Okay, thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone. Let me start by expressing my enthusiasm and optimism about our long-term future. We are bullish about our categories and the Global Restructuring Program will help us operate more effectively and efficiently. Now let me turn to our 2018 outlook. In terms of market conditions, we expect 2018 will be pretty similar to 2017. We're assuming the category growth rates were only slightly better than this past year, and we expect competitive activity will remain elevated. And we're planning for another year of commodity cost inflation. However, we expect to deliver better results in 2018, and we'll also invest more in our brands to ensure our long-term success. On the top line, we're targeting organic sales growth of about 1%. That's similar to our expectation for overall market growth. Taking into account currency rates and last year's acquisition of our JV in India, total net sales in 2018 should grow 1% or 2%. Now let me spend a few minutes talking about our three growth priorities that Tom just mentioned. The first priority is to strengthen and grow our core businesses. In North American consumer products, we expect better performance in 2018. We have a strong innovation lineup that launches in every major business. Near-term activity will include upgrades on Huggies diapers and baby wipes, Pull-Ups training pants, Depend and Poise in adult care and new Kleenex wet wipes. We would make targeted brand investments to support these innovations and to ensure we are more competitive in the marketplace. At the same time, our teams will be improving efficiencies by reducing spending on less productive items, such as non-work and media. The second priority is to accelerate our personal care growth in D&E markets. Overall, we'll build on the progress we've made in 2017 in our key growth markets. In Latin America, we'll launch a number of innovations in diapers, feminine care and adult care. Category demand in Brazil and Argentina has stabilized, and were cautiously optimistic that conditions will improve modestly this year. In Eastern Europe, we have good momentum on Huggies and Kotex and that includes our business in Russia, we will leverage innovations and strengthen our commercial programs. In China, our fem care team will continue to focus on winning young category entrants with their on-trend premium. In diapers, important innovations will phase in throughout the year, starting late in the first quarter. The third priority is to further build out our digital and e-commerce capabilities. We are already well-positioned and making good progress in e-commerce. Online sales in 2017 were a high single-digit percentage of company sales and increased more than 30% year-on-year. We expect to make more progress in 2018. We will also continue to improve our relationships with consumers through our direct digital marketing programs. We are investing in tools to help improve the speed, cost and effectiveness of our programming. Moving beyond sales, our plan is to grow adjusted operating profit by 2% to 5% in 2018. At the midpoint of our guidance, that implies margin improvement of about 40 basis points. Cost savings will continue to be an important driver of our performance. Our teams are targeting to deliver approximately 400 million in FORCE savings and 50 million to 70 million from the restructuring. Those savings will help us offset cost inflation, which we anticipate will be between 300 million and 400 million. More than half of that inflation is projected to come in international market. At this point, we are planning for wide spread selling price increases because of commodity inflation. That said, we have taken or expected to take selective increases in some of our businesses. That includes in KCP and in our consumer businesses in the DNA market. On the bottom line, we're targeting adjusted earnings per share of 6.90 to 7.20, that's growth of approximately 11% to 16% year-on-year and includes the tax rate benefit that Maria described. In terms of our earnings profile in 2018, we expect earnings will be higher in the second half of the year compared to the first half, and that primarily reflects phasing of cost savings and benefits from growth initiatives and, secondarily, some expected moderation of commodity costs in the second half. So to summarize our outlook, we're optimistic about our long-term future. Were planning for a better year in 2018, and were taking important steps to make Kimberly-Clark stronger to enhance long-term shareholder value. That wraps up our prepared remarks, and now we'll begin to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: I want to start with a similar question I actually asked on the P&G call just now, around the increasing difference between commodity costs going up and the inability to take prices up to offset that. I've kind of rarely seen things just coming from a price realization perspective. And I'm trying to understand kind of what's driving that. We certainly have our views and would love you know, how much of it is retailers' fighting, how much of it is competition slow growth environment, how much is consumer just saying, these categories are relatively commoditized. And really I want to understand it because to see if you see that lack of pricing power really changing going forward or is this kind of a new reality? That's the first question. 
Thomas Falk: That's a good big-picture question, I'll give you my take and Ill maybe have Mike can pile on. I mean a couple of things. Prices are also set on expectations. So as we look at what's going on in the pulp market, it's quite frankly surpassed our expectations on how quick it's gone up and why it is even at this level. And if you look at some of the forecast that says it should moderate later in the year a bit. And so you also want to be a little careful that you don't spend too much energy trying to take price in a particular category than the commodity falls off and you've got to give it back and then some. And so there is a bit of that where commodities are running ahead of expectations. And our expectation is for that to moderate a bit over time. So that's part of it. I think the other point you raised, particularly in developed markets, is that with relatively low or negative category growth, it's tough. You've got the same number of competitors chasing a tougher volume target. Having said that, there's also a lot of different ways you can get pricing in the categories. In our 2018 guidance, there's some more positive news on price. At least we are projecting it's not going to be negative as it was in 2017. And so whether that's getting more efficient on trade or getting more efficient on some of the other between the lines, between growth and net sales, that's another way to try to get some revenue in those businesses. But Mike, maybe you want to see what else you want to add to that?
Michael Hsu: Yes, Ali, I've worked at other companies and in commoditized categories, and we are very far from being in any commoditized categories. I think we've got a long runway of growth, both in developed markets and developing and emerging markets. And one of the reasons for that is there's still lot of opportunity for us to innovate. And you know, to think about the experience of our products, these - the product experiences are pretty good today, but they are not perfect. And I put on the Depend Underwear every once in a while, and I think it's a great product, I think there is still room for us to achieve perfection. And so our focus is, hey, we are not going to be undersold, so we are going to be competitive on promotion, that's what you saw in the back half in North America. And we just want to be competitive there. But the way we are going to grow and the way we are going to drive value in these categories and what our retailer partners want us to do is to create innovation and bring marketing to and expand the category.
Ali Dibadj: I like the piece - so maybe I should try that depends on in and do my further research
Thomas Falk: We had fun group got here at Kimberly-Clark, Ali, so I think Mike dose that with his office store closed, the equipment.
Ali Dibadj: Look, helpful context. If you take that and you then say, okay, we are now doing an incremental cost saving plan, which is great, right? I mean you guys have shown that you can do that, FORCE looks like it has legged yet. But why do you think or how do you think reinvesting a lot of that back will actually drive the long-term growth trajectory, right? So you talk about innovation for sure, but it sounds like you haven't been doing innovation so far over the past several years. So you're spending a lot more back and I'm struggling to get this confidence in ROI that you seem to have as opposed to just saying, gosh, three to five long term isn't achievable, let's think about a different mix of cost cutting and reinvestment pack. So really that are aligned with you're going to do from a cost-saving perspective reinvestment?
Thomas Falk: That's fair. I'll start and let Mike pile on again as well. I mean, Id say, certainly in 2017, we had some factors like the birthrate in the U.S. and Korea being more negative than expected that you can't encourage moms to use more diapers in a developed markets where the babies aren't being born in those markets. So on the other hand, there's still huge category penetration opportunities in most of our markets around the world and Mike can talk about that a bit more. And we also have some markets in Latin America where the economic conditions were tough in the beginning of 2017. We see that turning and being more positive in 2018. And as you look at the kind of years we had in Eastern Europe and other places, we still see strong category growth opportunities across our space. And we do believe that there's more opportunity there than maybe we put on the board in 2017. But Mike, maybe you can add something about it. 
Michael Hsu: Ali, I fully believe we'll get back to our long-term growth goals. And in the global restructuring plans to fuel we're going to need to help us get there and support both investments and the brands and also the margin improvement that we need to drive our business. I do believe the current slowdown is cyclical and some of it is microeconomic or political, social. And some of it is competitive. And again if you think through some of the competitive dynamics, there's not a real good reason of why that's occurring. And so I think we've been in these situations as I studied our history and been in and out of them before. And I think we'll cycle through that and get back to focusing on the things that drive the business, which I already mentioned. But I think the real important thing is the takeaways, our investments are going to focus in the three areas that Tom and I mentioned as our growth plans, which is one, to strengthen and grow our core. I think there's a lot of room to bring value-added innovation into these categories. We've got a lot of runway left in developing and emerging markets. And to use the baseball analogy, I think we're in the very early innings of that game or very early stages of what global development. And then lastly, I think e-commerce and digital and data really given us a transformative opportunity to change the relationship with our customers and consumers and become much more efficient and create long-lasting relationships. 
Ali Dibadj: And just the last question I had is, along the lines of increased penetration and macro kind of combining those two. Can you just give us an update on China, what you're seeing there, and also Brazil from a share, volume price perspective? Thanks a lot.
Thomas Falk: Yes. China is still a dynamic market, and we're going to continue to focus on high-impact innovation and capture the strong growth potential that's there. It remains our single-largest growth platform, both in the near term and long term. And obviously, yes, Ali, as you can see and probably heard our competitors see the opportunity and plan aggressively and hard there too. So price has been a major factor, and I think the price situation in 2017 has stabilized, albeit at a lower level. I think our team has done a phenomenal job with our cost programs and our margins have never been higher even at this lower-price level. But I do think the long term driver of growth in China continues to be not price, but it is innovation and product quality and product innovations. And so we are expecting a better year of fem care and China has a winning formula, even growing strong double-digits last year, and we're expecting that to continue. They got a great brand positioning. And then in baby and child care, we were up low single digit in volume for the year and about even on sales, but we're very excited about the innovation we're going to be bringing. We're not ready to talk about it yet, but that's going to be coming throughout the year phasing in late in the first quarter. That's really about improved protection, comfort fit in the premium tiers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Powers with the Deutsche Bank.
Stephen Powers: So looking forward I guess building a bit on Ali's question on price. Just given the intense competitive backdrop that you've called out, I mean, do you see any prospects of pricing relief without detriment to volumes in 2018 if your input cost outlook doesn't prove conservative enough, or is that a likely risk to the implied margin outlook in guidance?
Thomas Falk: Mike can build on this, so embedded in our guidance is some improvement in the pricing environment. We've got some markets like Argentina, where theres pretty big price increases that we are taking in 2017 that will carry over. And then there are others we expect to get some trade efficiency. I don't know that there will be that much list price change, but our teams have got plans to regenerate revenue in other ways in 2018, but maybe Mike you can give a little bit more color on that.
Michael Hsu: As Tom mentioned, we have some selective price increases in some businesses. And then we are assuming perhaps a perhaps a bit of a normalization in pricing in some of our key markets. I will tell you the reason why 2018 is going to be better though is because of a stronger innovation pipeline that we're bringing. We've got a lot of innovation that were bringing out, particularly in the U.S., China and Brazil, in Latin America, and were investing more in our brands with harder hitting messaging and advertising.
Stephen Powers: But, I mean, like appreciating that innovation pipeline and understanding the direction of external forecast, I just I guess I'm just really test the logic of guiding commodities below spot prices at the midpoint of your guidance and not allowing for at least a wider range that contemplates upside risk input costs. And I guess what I'm trying to get at is if that upside risk to input cost does manifest, do you think given the competitive backdrop, there's actually pricing relief, or is that a likely risk to margins?
Thomas Falk: Well, we'd say, when you look at the range of commodity inflation that we've seen last year that we are forecasting for 2018, I've seen much big sharper cycles in commodity cost. And typically, if you have sharp swings in commodities, you will get some list prices change, and so we're not afraid of that. I think it's just that in this environment, given the swing that we've seen and what we expect, that's probably not going to move the needle on list price much in most places.
Stephen Powers: And just one last question, different tact. On the new restructuring program, the cash costs to achieve seem high just relative to past programs and relative to the projected savings. And the 5,000-plus in workforce reductions seem potentially disruptive. So just trying to get underneath how you're assessing the aggregate kind of financial execution risks of this program relative to past initiatives that you've undertaken? Is there more uncertainty associated with this program, or do you view it as comparable to past programs? 
Maria Henry: Yes, Ill comment on the cash cost. This program includes a number of activities that are on the more expensive and restructuring. And I'll give you two examples. One is when you are shutting down facilities and factories, there are costs associated with moving equipment and doing the shutdown. So when restructuring tend to include plant shutdown, they tend to run on the more expensive and on the cost side. The other thing is we are moving to a global business services platform for our more transactional and standard work. And when you do that, when you think about it, we are removing a role that is in country, so we are paying the full severance on that position that we are taking out, and we are hiring that role in a different location in our shared services center. And we are probably only picking up labor arbitrage and some productivities that you're paying the full load on the cost, on the severance side and you're not getting 100% of that same amount back on the benefit. So those are two of the factors that are involved in our restructuring that tends to weight the cost on the higher end of our restructuring program. What I can tell you though is that as we look at the programs across our supply chain and also across our overhead structure, they have very strong, strong returns and will position us well for the future.
Stephen Powers: One last clean up on the restructuring program. The 10 facilities that you expect to close or potentially sell, is there in the benefits of the program, is there any forecast to gain associated with the sales in those assets? I guess that's a question for you, Maria, just to clarify.
Maria Henry: No, it is not.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: I'll try to keep mine to two quick questions. First, the commentary on pricing, your expectation for sort of normalization of pricing in some markets I think is the word you used, and of course the guidance for improved pricing in next year, albeit just kind of back to sort of a neutral posture, it does kind of contrast the kind of trajectory we've been seeing throughout the year. Is there any evidence of competitors kind of moving in this direction as you wrapped up last year as we come into this year? In other words, is there anything you can give us that you are seeing is tangible market that makes expectation feel a little more credible?
Thomas Falk: Yes, Jason, I think maybe the better word I should have chosen is stabilization versus normalization, because I think normalization implies return to some level. But I would say right now, we are assuming that it's dropped to a level, will stay there. I think maybe the dynamic and maybe I'll talk a little more about North America is you know, I do think, we said in June of last year that, hey, we're competitive and achieve competitive levels of spending on promotion because we felt like we were getting beaten in the marketplace in the beginning of last year. And I think the team has executed and strengthened their promotion plans and fine tuned them. And so in the third quarter, we improved some performance. In the fourth quarter, particularly in family care, did not get the takeaway. But I do think in some degrees we are going to have to continue to fine-tune. And so we don't want to drive overall down in the categories. We do want to focus on our innovations and bring in our value added. And so we are looking for the market to, maybe a better word, stabilize. 
Jason English: And then a bigger picture question, sorry a bit more long when they exist or not exit quite concisely. I want to go to get to market growth. And Michael, I think you talk to your section by saying you're bullish in your categories long term. But if we think about the environment we are in, your GDP growth globally, pretty solid, a little choppy here and there, but all in all pretty solid, income growth pretty solid, and we've got inflation in the system the use of sort of flattering to revenue growth. And all that yields a whopping 1% sort of global category growth, I think, is the figure you gave out, which frankly isn't very growth. So how do we sort of where we are at today with 1% with your comments sort of bullish long-term? What do you think is holding us back? Where do you think the growth is? And if you can give me more color in terms of the diverging growth trajectories between your Personal Care and professional tissue, I think that would be helpful. Thank you.
Thomas Falk: Yes. I think, what we need to do is, one, weve got a major market in North America and we got to get that back to the growth path. And I think we feel better about our prospects for this year. I think the team has got very strong plans both, as I mentioned, on the innovation front in all major categories in bath tissue, Kleenex, diapers, Pull-Ups and adult care. And so we feel very strong about the innovation. I think we will improve versus our decline last year and so that's probably the first step. And I was personally involved in the North America business for a number of years and fundamentally believe that, thats a market that we could grow. And so that's probably the first step. And then in our developing and emerging markets, we've had a couple of either competitive situations or micro economics situations in key markets. I think in Latin America, we grew mid-single digits last year, and we were expecting an improved performance this year. And I think we're modestly perhaps saying that the economic conditions are going to modestly improve and so we're excited and looking forward to that. And then in China, I think, we've been in - it's a big market for us and then been a bit of a competitive situation. And again, I think in our earlier remarks we said, I think that situation has stabilized, we have some great product innovation coming that we think will get us back on a faster-growth trajectory in diapers. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: I wanted to talk a little bit about Consumer Tissue, that's on the business thats getting a lot of air time these days, but it's still very big and considerably moves the needle. So first, if you can just talk a little bit about North America, right? We've had pretty sustained negative trend in organic sales growth this year. A lot of it driven by volume more so than pricing. And then also in the - with the restructuring, you talk about some low margin exit. So a little bit about where those exits are coming from, dynamics in North America tissue and thought process and plans around improving that, that performance in particular. Thanks.
Thomas Falk: So maybe Lauren, I'll start with the exit part, because were not going to be able to tell you very much about that right now until we get farther into it, wont be able to share those details appropriately with the effected business. But again it's less than 1% of our sales, so it's not going to be a big deal either way. Then maybe Mike can comment on North America and some of the dynamics that are going on there. 
Michael Hsu: Lauren, I think the competitive market conditions in North America tissue, I think we expect that to remain, but we are expecting improved performance behind our innovation, differentiated product news and stronger advertising. Q4 volume and price were both down about 2% which drove a net sales decline of 4%. And what I will say is what I was telling Jason earlier, have we improved the competitiveness of our promotion programs, and if you recall in our previous quarter, in the third quarter, I think, our volume in consumer tissue was up 5. And so in the fourth quarter, we were disappointed because I think what we had about the same kind of merchandising and achieved merchandising our consumer takeaway was lower than we expected. We do expect 2018 to be better. We're going to remain competitive on promotion, but, of course, stay balanced there. But the big difference is we've got a lot of product news and probably the most that I've had since I've been here at K-C. In bath tissue, we've got great news on Cottonelle, we're not ready to share exactly what that is yet, but I will tell you it's going to lead their category superiority for us in bath. It's got, extra soft, which is also a big business for us, we're bringing making it softer and thicker and that's important for helping us differentiate versus other brand and private label. And then our retailers are very excited about the innovation were bringing to extend and expand occasions for Kleenex, which is an iconic brand and with our wet wipes launch. So we've got a lot of great products. And then I think the other thing that affected the fourth quarter is we were not as strong on our advertising as we need to be, and I think the team has realized that and learned that. They've got very good hard-hitting advertising coming this year to support these launches and we're excited about that.
Lauren Lieberman: And then with regard to private-label activity I guess, both in tissue and in diapers, there's certainly a lot of talk out there in terms of private label having more impact, consumers being more open to it. Can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in your business, what you're seeing in terms of pricing pressure just coming from retailers giving more attention to their own private labels, or that's not something that's really been terribly on your radar screen as an incremental challenge of late? 
Michael Hsu: Yes, I guess, Lauren, I'd say yes and no, I think it depends, on which category. But in general, I'd say in our personal care categories, if you look over the longer term, I think in our key categories, private label penetration has been down over the last five years. But we have had some increases and some spot increases from year-to-year. And in this year, we're probably seeing a little more private-label growth in tissue, and that's a big reason why were very focused on differentiation and advertising, because that's the only way for us to drive the long-term health programs.
Lauren Lieberman: And then just a final question, and you had mentioned digitally-only commerce and data and so on as being one of the key priorities going forward and where you're going to reinvest. My understanding is that you were a bit of a leader, a bit very much of a leader in terms of e-commerce penetration in China and it's been everyone else need to kind of catch up where you were, but the reverse was the case in the U.S. So could you talk a little bit about where you are today versus where you were at the start of 2017 on your e-commerce penetration in the U.S., your relative market share positions online versus offline? And anything concrete and planned for 2018?
Thomas Falk: Yes, so were strong leaders in China and Korea. They're both major e-commerce markets for us. And in the U.S., I would say we got off to a slow start years ago but we've been catching up fast. I think we've had three straight years of share growth online in the U.S. And I think, overall, across all categories, I think we have about a fair share for our position. What we've had very strong double-digit growth, while I don't know how to actually describe it, but its strong double-digit growth. And were excited about it. And the reason why it's so important for us, Lauren, I think why it's uniquely important for our categories, we are in very high involvement categories that are frequently used and our consumers are in these categories for years or in some cases, many, many years. And so it pays to have an effective long-term relationship with our consumers. And I think with the advances in what's happening with data analytics, online access and advertising and then with e commerce, we've got an opportunity to really kind of change the model and make it much more efficient for us, our retail partners and our consumers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Wells Fargo.
Bonnie Herzog: Just had a quick follow-on question on private label. I'm wondering if you guys have plans to expand your private-label manufacturing footprint? I think you guys have mentioned in the past that it accounts for less than 5% of the overall sales. So just curious if you have any plans to increase that?
Thomas Falk: No, private label is still less than 5% of our overall sales and really didn't move the needle significantly in the quarter.
Bonnie Herzog: And no plans going forward to step that up, just given some of developments we've seen with private label in some of your categories and some of your comments?
Thomas Falk: We are primarily a branded manufacturer and we do a limited amount of private label to specific customers where we think it advantages our overall relationship with them, but we are not out trying to sell private label to everybody up and down the street.
Bonnie Herzog: And I just wanted to move over to China and your business there. Just hoping you guys could drill down a little further on again your diaper business in the market and highlight some of the key changes that you've seen following Procter's launch in the summer. And then going forward, other than innovation that you touched on, what other levers do you plan on pulling to really stabilize your business there?
Thomas Falk: Yes, I think I'd say, overall, I don't think our business was impacted significantly by the Procter launch overall. Obviously, you can talk to them about how they felt that went in the product. But we feel very good about our product line up. I think we did lose some share in diapers this year. But we see it primarily impacted by local players who have guided an increase in online brands that have gained some trial. And I don't know how long that trial is going to stick and how well the repeat is going, because we don't have data on that, but they are getting some trial and that has impacted our business a little bit. Our focus is on making the best product out there and we are very confident that we've got great products out there and we are going to have better products coming out throughout this year.
Operator: The next question comes from Olivia Tong with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Olivia Tong: First, just some clarity on your outlook, particularly on the cadence, how many moving parts there are. Can you give a little bit more granularity on the margins as you model out, do you expect margins to actually be down in the first half and then up in the second half? And then just for clarity I think you said that EPS is better in second half versus the first half. Do you mean in absolute earnings or in growth because typically you do deliver more earnings in the second half versus the first half. Thanks.
Thomas Falk: Yes, so we probably aren't going to give you quarterly margin profile. I'd just say 40 basis points for the year is the right way that we think about it and manage the business. And then on the second half versus first half, we'd say absolute profitability or the size of the earnings per share will be larger in the second half than the first half and we weren't referring to the earnings growth rate per se.
Olivia Tong: And then secondly, just my question is about Amazon as entering more and more of your largest categories with their own brands before. Now you've got Presto!, Mama Bear. Before that there was Kirkland and before that many others. So we know this isn't the first time you've had a retailer relationship where you've had to wear different hats, but it certainly seems a little bit different this time around. So perhaps, you can talk a little bit about, how you approached it differently this time around versus previous instances?
Thomas Falk: I mean, Olivia, we haven't confirmed that we are making Mama Bear, so we really don't talk about any private-label relationships and we do some with a few customers. And then those are kind of private conversations with those customers and we don't talk about their business and we let them talk about it. And so I would say that pretty much every retailer we sell to does private label, and so there is that inherent discussion as to what they are trying to do with their brand and their overall category strategy, and then how do we fit with our brands and what we can bring from an innovation standpoint. And that's the challenge that our customer teams have every day is just putting together a strategic plan with our key accounts that drive the business over the next two or three years.
Olivia Tong: Just to clarify, I meant more that Amazons obviously a retailer, but also they're selling your product but also youre competing with them in terms of product as well. So just wanted to clarify that.
Thomas Falk: Like every other retailer we do business with, I mean, I think everybody has private label on the shelf in some form. And so we've got to bring news and ideas and innovation that drive the business with them and then that makes them excited about it.
Olivia Tong: And then just lastly, the CapEx increase for this year, how much of that is related to the new restructuring program as opposed to potentially a bit of a build back of some of the things you may have had originally planned for 2017, but then got shelved as things got a bit more challenging as the year progressed?
Thomas Falk: I mean, I would say that all of it is related to the restructuring program, and Maria maybe you want to comment further on that.
Maria Henry: Yes, I think we gave an incremental CapEx number related to the restructuring program, and clearly a portion of that will get spent in 2018. The other comment that I would make is that on the restructuring program itself, we started that last year, earlier in the year. And a lot of work and effort went into to looking at the opportunities that we have across our supply chain as well as in our overheads. And so as our teams were working on the supply chain portion of that restructuring, we've had to imagine they were delaying some of the CapEx that they would have spent in 2017 until we had a total view of how the actions we were going to take to optimize our overall footprint. So I would imagine there's also some catch-up there on projects that got delayed from 2017 as our teams were working on the restructuring. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein. 
Ali Dibadj: So I wanted to drill a little bit further on private label, and I understand cagey is the wrong word, but the caution you have in terms of talking about it. I mean it's certainly...
Thomas Falk: I'm not cagey, Ali, I have been pretty transparent that Im not going to talk about this.
Ali Dibadj: Thats just the wrong word, the wrong word, but you're trying to manage the relationship with these retailers as well. So I get that cant give too much detail about it. But generally preponderance of evidence is that you're experimenting with Amazon. You might be doing something probably with Walmart, although I don't know for sure on that one. As you work with the retailers on private label and 5% sounds small, but most of thats probably in the U.S. so almost double that, right, for percentage of your sales?
Thomas Falk: It's less than 5%. And I think you would be way high on your estimate of how big it might be.
Ali Dibadj: So it's not 5%. Okay. So look, either way as you are kind of doing it feels like more and more and although small and we start somewhere, can you talk a little bit about the impact on margins for you generally for the retailer? You mentioned when you were answering one of the questions that you do it only when you feel like you have a - it helps the relationship. Can you talk about what that looks like in terms of helping the relationship? Just some more context about private label and your interaction with the retailers would be great.
Thomas Falk: Yes, I think I can give you just a little bit of general color and maybe Mike might want to build on that. I think I've been around the business relationships with private-label customers for a long time, and we haven't done a lot of it ever, but we have done it with a few strategic people. And it is for retailers that are serious about their private label; it is a pretty intimate relationship. It's their brand; it's their name on the package. They are involved in what goes in. They want to test the product. They care a lot about the materials and how you make it. And so we've got to put dedicated people working on the business that shows the retail partner that we care about their brand and their business as much as they do. And if the retailer's willing to partner like that, it can be a good profitable relationship for both parties. If it's a business that is going to get auctioned every quarter and the low bidder gets the business, that's not kind of a relationship that were ever going to be looking for. So I don't know, Mike, if there's anything that you want to add to that. 
Michael Hsu: Well, Ali, I think the only two things I would add is, yes, it's a small piece of our business, it's not strategic because it's not going to be a growth driver for us mostly because were capacity-constrained. And so we don't have the capacity to give to a lot of private-label out there. I will say, as Tom mentioned, we do a small amount. And may the reason why we do a good job at it is because we care about it for our customers and we want to have a good relationship and just like everything we do, we care about what we do, we want to bring good quality work to what we do. And so we got a few selected relationships out there and actually with the different sets of customers. But again, it's not a primary where you're - significant growth driver for us going forward.
Ali Dibadj: And where does the shelf space typically come from when they push private-label further? And do they tell you about, look, we want private label to be this big of the category?
Thomas Falk: Yes. So retailers typically are working with their category captains and category challengers to talk about where the shelf is going to go. And I would say most retailers in a brick-and-mortar world typically over - and this is true across most formats. So over allocate space to private label relative to share and they typically often give preferred shelf space to private label. And so the brands know that they are fighting for their spot in the shelf as well. You got to justify with innovation. And when you do category line reviews, you've got to justify why you need that real estate and what it's going to do for the retailer when you get it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wendy Nicholson with Citi Research.
Wendy Nicholson: I'm just wondering. First of all, I just heard your comment say you're capacity-constrained in that sort of feature decision process on private-label manufacturing, but with regard to the 10 facilities that you're not sure you're not going to shut as part of the restructuring, first of all, how much of that is in the U. S. versus outside?
Thomas Falk: Yes, I guess, a couple of things. I didn't say we are capacity constrained, I think someone was asking me about going to be building facilities to make private-label, which I said that's probably not where we're headed. And then secondly, just because of where we are in the announcement phase and also the consultation phase with various works consults and unions and other things, we really can't give you any more color at this point where the 10 facilities are. But I would say that the combination of the 10 affects every region.
Wendy Nicholson: Because I guess one concern I have just first blush is some of the private-label manufacturers in your categories that we've talked to, their growth is actually being held back it sounds like because they don't have the capacity particularly in North America. So there's part of me that's worried that if you sell those plants to those players, it sort of might give oxygen to some of the private-label manufacturers who are going to be competing against you? Is that crazy logic on my part?
Thomas Falk: I would say you're barking at the wrong tree there. I think most of the plants will be closed versus being sold.
Wendy Nicholson: And then my second question, just going back to kind of high-level, sounds like you don't want to back away from the 3% to 5% long-term revenue target. So I assume the restructuring program is sized to enable you to meet that target. But my question is, you also commented at one point how much margin expansion you've seen, and it's true over the last four, five years your EBIT margins have gone up much more than your peers, the ones we cover anyway. And so wondering, is the restructuring program designed to fuel that growth, I get it, but do you really think margins can expand? I heard your guidance for 2018, but longer term, is this restructuring program enough to fuel faster top line growth and long-term margin expansion? Or is there a risk actually that your current margins reflect some over earning and that you kind of have to reinvest more and so maybe margins stay flat. Does that make sense?
Thomas Falk: That's a complicated calculus when that we are speculating. We think so I think is the answer. And so we feel like the restructuring program will give us a more efficient, more effective way to run the business. We are at kind of cyclical peak in the commodity cycle and that may well swing the other way at some point over the intervening years. And so while we are not counting on that, that we also realize we've had higher commodity costs both last year and projected for 2018 than we had in the previous several years. And so we will see. Basically, our view is that it is and that we do believe we have the possibility to get our business growing at that level and this is the right plan to get us moving in that direction.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge Research.
Jonathan Feeney: Just one question. I wanted to ask about the genesis of and the planning around for long-term standpoint major restructuring like this. I mean in restructuring inside your company broadly. You're talking about, you identified 10 plants, you talked about 13% headcount. How much of this specifically would you say were costs you could have addressed if you had the management bandwidth and whatever, and maybe should have two or three years ago, but you can only do so much in a certain period of time? And how much of this, roughly speaking, are redundancies that are the results of real technological changes or marketplace changes in the past couple of years? I'm just trying to understand the timing of all this and whether youre going to digging deeper into things youd prefer not to have to do, and how much of it is like, no, really things are changing really, really quickly and maybe we could expect more of this sort of thing in the years ahead? Thanks very much.
Thomas Falk: That's a great question, Jonathan. I'll let Maria kind of expand a little bit on our process. I will tell you I think I had investor once tell me that he thought every CPG company restructure every five years. And I think your point would be, gosh, it would be great if we could avoid adding the cost in the first place so we didn't have to restructure it. But we've probably historically proven that we're not capable of that. On the other hand, I think this restructuring program was an excellent piece of work by our team and Maria and Mike, and I help lead it. But Maria, why don't you comment a little bit on the process and how we got here.
Maria Henry: Yes, what I'd say, I'd start by pointing back to a few years ago. Actually, if you think about it, we hired a global supply chain leader coming up on three years. And she put a team in place and that team has been doing a lot of work over the last couple of years to assess and identify opportunities and you've seen a lot of their work along with our global teams in the mills delivered through the FORCE cost savings. But as they've done that foundational work leading into 2017, I think it gave us a good footprint on the overhead side of the house. We did a lot of work with both our IT teams and finance teams to get our information lined up in a consistent way so that we could understand better and have better visibility into our SG&A spend. And that work started, I'd say, a couple of years ago. So in 2017, we were in a really good position from the actions we had taken to go ahead and launch a very comprehensive process to look at our cost structure. We used a consulting firm to help us upfront to get the program structured and just set up governance, to provide expensive benchmarks for us. But it was our teams though that did the work. And there were several hundred people involved in this process. The program isn't an across-the-board reduction plan; it's not a textbook BBB approach. We actually went function-by-function to look at the work that we're doing, where we're doing that work in order to identify opportunities to do things differently. Really we had a lens to say how can we run our business fundamentally on a lower-cost structure. And so on the SG&A side, we took a whiteboard approach and classified our activities into what's baseline, what do you need to do to keep the business running versus what are differentiated activities. We then went hard at looking for ways to reduce the spend on the table stakes types of activities and free up that money to invest in more differentiated capabilities and activities. And then on the supply chain side, I would say what we do with the restructuring is really accelerate the work that our global supply chain teams were doing on the network optimization because we wanted to get a comprehensive view of our opportunities globally. That enabled us to then identify the programs that have the best returns, take advantage of our global scale and prioritize our investments. And at the same time all of these cost work was going on, Mike and his operating team were taking a fresh assessment on our markets, our category growth rate, our competitive position, our innovation pipeline, and I'll let Mike talk about that more in a minute. But the combination of all of that work together, the extensive work on the G&A side, the comprehensive view of our global supply chain, and also an affirmation of our belief in the long-term growth algorithm from the growth work the teams have done are really coming together in the restructuring program that we have announced as well as our commitment on the FORCE target as well as our 2018 guidance on our longer-term outlook.
Michael Hsu: Yes, we went through maybe a concurrent process to, hey, what is strategically where were going to get our growth from and how do we best position ourselves to achieve that growth, and that includes restarting, were accelerating our growth in North America, a lot of the work that we talk about with the NE and also by leveraging technology, both this digital and e-commerce technology, but also our own product-making technologies and how do we drive that more effectively. And so kind of we went through a process and worked on where we want to place our bets. And at the same time, I think, we also said what kind of company do we want to be and how do we want to evolve our organization. And I think the words that kind of came out over and over again we are smarter and faster. And as Maria mentioned, we means we want to be low cost, smarter means we want to leverage our scale more effectively and faster means we are an agile organization, we are locally empowered, we could do better by simplifying some of the work thats done locally. So I think were very excited about development in this program and looking forward to the returns.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Just on the pulp estimate, and I appreciate your pricing commentary, but we before we go into pulp, I understand where you're saying in the U.S. will be more mix rather than pricing for innovation. So just to on a comparable basis, you are not taking prices in the U.S. correct?
Thomas Falk: In terms of list price at this point in time, again, we don't talk a lot about forecasting, but I don't think there will be major list price changes. That doesn't mean that there won't be opportunities with trade or promoted price points or things like that, that could be a factor.
Andrea Teixeira: Yes, and then following up - sorry, go ahead.
Thomas Falk: No, just saying Andrea that we like to be more efficient with our trades, and we still think we have a lot of opportunity to get better at that. And that goes into the proverbial work that we use is just fine tuning. 
Andrea Teixeira: I understand that, that makes sense. On the pulp side though, from what I understand, the pulp spot prices are closer to 1,200. And I get it that obviously throughout the year, it may change, right? But now you are saying on average, you are looking at 1,050 I think to 1,100 as you put it in the guidance. So you're saying, even though the beginning of the year will be - so you're expecting to go down to an average of that number, Im expecting that you believe you will be below thousand at the end. So if you can help me kind of like break down that estimate? So as the cadence of the year for pulp. Is there any indication that you are seeing that the back end of the year will be below thousand?
Paul Alexander: Andrea, this is Paul. So just to level set everyone. Our outlook on pulp is solely based on what the industry forecasters tell us. So I don't think we are calling it any different than what you'd see if you ask when see about their outlook for 2018. And in terms of the cadence, I think the forecast would show some slight moderation starting late Q1 and then into the back half of the year. But I don't believe that there is any one time period that's supposed to be below $1000 a ton.
Andrea Teixeira: And the same for oil, I'm assuming, right? For oil, you're kind of using external, external
Thomas Falk: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Iain Simpson with Societe Generale.
Iain Simpson: A couple of questions for me, please. Firstly, it's very encouraging to see mid-single-digit growth in China and thanks for the extra color. Just on diaper, what's the birthrates in China doing now? And could you comment a little bit on what percentage of diaper in China is online for both you and the market? And second, I know you've had a few questions on it already, but pretty much everywhere in the world consumer tissue is sorry consumer tissue is a commodity category. The U.S. is pretty unique in that respect. So looking about pricing in U.S. consumer tissue, even with input costs doing what they are doing, is this structural? And what gives you confidence that what we're seeing in just U.S. consumer tissue becoming a commodity like it is everywhere else in the world? Many thanks.
Thomas Falk: Yes, just on China, I'd say, first, we saw about 18 million verse this year was the estimate, and I think thats driven pretty good double-digit growth in the category overall. Again, I think we underperformed the category on that cell just based on some of the competitive dynamics. But we do expect to improve that trajectory over time. The second part of your question was online and where we are. I think we believe we are the leaders in e-commerce in China. We've got great relationships with all the major e-commerce players and great capability. Over 50% of our business is currently sold online.
Michael Hsu: We are probably over-indexed relative to the category a bit.
Thomas Falk: Yes.
Michael Hsu: And then your last question, maybe I'll debate a bit. I mean, I would say, I don't think consumer tissue is a commodity category and we have terrific brands in specific markets. There are tougher category trading conditions in some places, I will not dispute that. But I look at our Hendricks brand in the U. K. where we've got a strong little 30 share, very high brand loyalty, decent profit margins and good, good opportunities to innovate around that space. We've got in specific markets in Latin America where we got very strong branded positions as well and other specific markets like in Korea and others in Australia. And so sometimes tougher from a margin standpoint, but I may be biased, I probably am, but I think it's a long way from a commodity category.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Thanks for squeezing me in and I appreciate it. My question relates to your appetite for M&A. So you've obviously been less active on this front and tend to discuss it less than a number of companies in the CPG space, particularly those that are struggling to find growth. So we talked a lot about the difficult environment, we can appreciate that, but does this lend itself at all perhaps to greater openness for M&A in order to diversify away from some of these categories and given the strong cash flows of the business, albeit with slowing top line growth? So a number of questions around that, how actively are you looking at assets? Is that any more less than recent history? Would you need to build out your business development capabilities? What categories, geographies may be interest, et cetera. So any commentary there would be helpful. Thank you.
Thomas Falk: Yes, sure. I would say our view hasn't changed. We've typically felt like we had enough organic growth opportunity in the portfolio and that was the right thing for us to chase, that was the best opportunity to create long-term shareholder value. So I've been around long enough that we've done a bunch of M&A, we built most of our Latin American business through M& A in the '90s and early 2000s. There aren't that many of those kinds of opportunities left in the world that are things that we know a lot about that would be highly likely to be able to be integrated and create shareholder value. Having said that, we picked up small opportunities. We bought the other half of our business in India late last year from our partner. We bought the other half of our business in Israel a couple of years ago from our partner. So there are some of those types of those opportunities that are small and make sense. But in our core space of things that we think we know how to do, we just haven't seen a lot that's out there that we think is shareholder value creating.
Kevin Grundy: And fair to say doesn't seem like it's a big priority. I can appreciate the view that you don't want to overpay and go into categories where you don't have a lot of background or expertise or scale, et cetera, but it doesn't seem like it's a big priority to build out capabilities, personnel and otherwise to explore higher-growth categories and the ones you're participating in. Is that fair?
Thomas Falk: That's correct. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Priya Ohri-Gupta with Barclays.
Priya Ohri-Gupta: Just a quick one on housekeeping. Could you just tell us the split of the charges associated with restructuring plan that are going to be cash versus non-cash this year? And then secondly, how should we think about on your plans to fund some of the added cash fund needs that you have over the next couple of years, particularly given the portion thats expected to be incurred this year? Thank you.
Maria Henry: Sure. For 2018 of the charges, a little more than half of them will be cash charges for this year.
Thomas Falk: And then in terms of funding it, maybe youd also comment on cash flow expectations and so forth.
Maria Henry: Sure. In terms of cash flow for next year, I commented that we expect cash from operations to be similar to 2017. Included in there, we've got the cash that we will spend on to fund the restructuring. On the tax line, we get the cash flow benefit of tax reform. And as you know, with the restructuring charge that we take, there are also cash tax benefits that we'll have in 2018 that net us out to similar operating cash flow for 2018. Beyond that, we did give the higher expectation for capital spending. And so we would expect that we would take on some additional debt as we get into 2018 to fund the higher CapEx.
Priya Ohri-Gupta: And in terms of the higher debt, should we anticipate that being through CP related, or something more longer term? Thank you.
Maria Henry: Yes. We do have plan to make more use of CP. That will give us the benefit of the very low rate that were getting on that. And we've got a lot of capacity on the CP front.
Operator: Our next question comes from Iain Simpson with Societe Generale.
Iain Simpson: Just on your M&A comments, you highlighted that pretty much all of the acquisitions that you've done recently were buying out minorities. Could you just remind us what businesses with minorities you kind of have? And is there any comment you could make as to anything we should bear in mind on that? I mean the obvious one is Mexico but I just wondered if there were any we should be aware of. Thank you.
Thomas Falk: In Mexico, we're the minority, we own 48% of that one and the other 52% is a publicly traded company, so that wont be a little bit more complicated. Other than that, there is a very, very small minority shareholder interest in Central America. I think it's less than 5% of the operations and it's a family that seems pretty happy with that investment. And we've got a minority partner in Korea that owns 30% of the Korean business, and I think thats about it in terms of what's left out there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: I just want to - back into Maria's explanation about the financial expenses and layer into your guidance. As you take on more debt, Im assuming you're assuming a much lower rate for, as you were saying. I just want because you are taking more debt, but you are guiding for 20% lower financial expenses. Is that something related to hedging, or anything that we may not be aware that would bridge the gap?
Maria Henry: Sure. We've done a lot of work to lower the tax - the interest expense for the company. In 2017, we took out, as they came due, some or I should say replaced some high coupon bonds with much lower interest expense vehicle. For example, this summer, we took on $500 million of euro debt that's priced below 1%, as an example. And also as we closed out this year and with tax reform expected to come, we took out a very high coupon bond that was going to originally be due in November of 2018. So we took that out in December to pay the arbitrage on the tax rate and get benefits there. So the actions we took in 2017 and have been taking to replace high coupon debt with low interest vehicles and then the early retirement of the November bond is what's driving the lower interest expense for 2018.
Thomas Falk: And then maybe just to add, we expect to maintain the A rating and so the debt increases are fairly modest relative to historical standards for us.
Andrea Teixeira: So the average interest expense or the average interest rate is how much, if you can share against the 2017 average?
Maria Henry: Yes. It is down. I don't think we share the specific.
Thomas Falk: We probably should say in a couple of weeks and you can do the math in the footnote.
Operator: At this time we have no other questioners in the queue.
Paul Alexander: All right, Bob. We thank everyone for your questions and we will conclude with a comment from Tom.
Thomas Falk: Once again a lot of news for Kimberly-Clark. We are expecting another better year in 2018. We've got an aggressive plan to go execute and we appreciate your support. So thank you very much for your time with us today.
Paul Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes this morning's presentation. You may disconnect your phone lines. And thank you for joining us this morning.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Alexander - VP, IR Maria Henry - Senior VP & CFO  Thomas Falk - Executive Chairman & CEO Michael Hsu - President, COO & Director
Analysts: Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC Lauren Lieberman - Barclays PLC Andrea Teixeira - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Bonnie Herzog - Wells Fargo Securities Sunil Modi - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience in holding. We now have your speakers in conference. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Paul Alexander.
Paul Alexander: Thank you, and good morning, everyone, welcome to Kimberly-Clark's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mike Hsu, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Maria Henry, our CFO. Here's the agenda for our call. Maria will start with a review of third quarter results. Tom will then provide his perspectives on our results and the outlook for the full year. And we'll finish with Q&A. As usual, we have a presentation of today's materials in the Investors section of our website.  As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for further information. And lastly, we'll be comparing our 2017 results to 2016 adjusted results, which exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. And now I'll turn it over to Maria.
Maria Henry: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, thanks for joining the call today. Let me start with the headlines for the third quarter. We continue to deliver earnings growth and returned to positive sales growth territory in a challenging environment. We achieved excellent cost savings and reduced our discretionary spending and we returned significant cash to shareholders. Now let's look at the details, starting with sales. Our third quarter net sales were $4.6 billion, up 1% year-on-year. Organic sales rose slightly, and Tom will provide more color on our top line in just a few minutes. On profitability, third quarter gross margin was 35.8%, that's down 60 basis points as input cost inflation and lower pricing more than offset our strong cost savings. Commodities were $115 million drag in the quarter, and we now expect full year inflation will be slightly above our previous estimate of $200 million to $300 million. This outlook includes somewhat higher cost estimates for pulp and polymer resin. Helping to offset that inflation, our teams continue to deliver significant FORCE cost savings, with third quarter savings of $125 million.  Moving down the P&L. Between-the-lines spending was down 60 basis points year-on-year. As we mentioned on our earnings call in July, we're tightly managing overhead and discretionary spending in this environment. Our third quarter operating margin was 18.4%, up 20 basis points year-on-year. I'm encouraged with the margin improvements we achieved in our Personal Care and K-C Professional business segments and in the developing and emerging markets overall. On the bottom line, third quarter earnings per share was $1.60, up 5% year-on-year. Lower equity income reduced earnings by about $0.03 per share, offset by a slightly better effective tax rate worth about the same amount.  Now let's turn to cash flow. Cash provided by operations in the third quarter was $805 million and in line with our expectations. Cash flow in the year-ago quarter was $948 million and included very strong working capital improvements. Our third quarter 2017 working capital cash conversion cycle was down 6 days compared to full year 2016. I'm pleased that our teams continue to make good progress in this important area. We're also managing capital spending even more tightly in this environment, and we expect that full year spending will be slightly below our $850 million to $950 million target range. On capital allocation, third quarter dividend payment and share repurchases totaled more than $500 million. We expect that the full year dividends and share repurchases will total $2.3 billion. That number includes $900 million of expected share repurchases.  Looking at the segment results. In Personal Care, organic sales fell approximately 2%. Organic sales were up 3% in developing and emerging markets but down elsewhere. Personal Care operating margins were 20.8% and up 100 basis points. The improvement was driven by cost savings and reduced between-the-lines spending. In consumer tissue, organic sales were up 2%, driven by North America. Consumer tissue operating margins were solid at 17.1%, although down 100 basis points. The results were impacted by higher input costs, mostly in pulp.  In K-C Professional, organic sales in the quarter were up 2%, with gains in all major geographies. K-C Professional operating margins were strong at 20.9%, up 130 basis points. That comparison included benefits from both sales growth and cost savings.  In summary, we continue to grow earnings in a difficult environment, we are tightly managing costs, working capital and capital spending and we continue to allocate capital in shareholder-friendly ways.  I'll now pass the call over to Tom.
Thomas Falk: Thanks, Maria, and good morning, everyone. I'll give you some more detail on our top line sales and market conditions, and then I'll address our outlook for the balance of the year. Looking at the third quarter, our organic sales were up slightly year-on-year after being down about 1% in the first half of the year. Volumes in the third quarter increased more than 1%, while net selling prices fell about 1%. But overall, it's challenging to find growth right now in several of our large markets.  So looking at some of those key markets. In North America, conditions remain relatively difficult, including elevated competitive activity. In the consumer categories that we compete in, the total market did grow by about 1% in the third quarter, and that's 1 point better than that same category grew in the first half of the year. In our consumer businesses in North America, organic sales were similar year-on-year after being down 3% in the first half of the year. Volumes rose 1%, led by our consumer tissue and adult care brands. On the other hand, net selling prices fell 1% as a result of competitive activity and some of the fine-tuning of our promotion strategies that we mentioned on our earnings call in July.  Looking at our individual businesses in North America. Personal care volumes were off 1%. In the infant and child care mega category, our volumes were down mid-single digits in a continued challenging environment. Now we expect better performance in the fourth quarter as comparisons ease and we have more promotion and other brand activities planned. Volumes increased high single-digits in adult care in the third quarter. Our Poise and Depend brands benefited from category growth, from increased marketing and promotion support and from some of the innovations that we've launched in -- behind these 2 brands over the last 12 months. Consumer tissue volumes in North America increased by 5% and rebounded nicely following a difficult first half of the year. We benefited from a stronger promotional calendar, from good merchandising execution and our comparison to a soft performance in the year-ago period.  Turning now to our K-C Professional business in North America. Organic sales rose 2% in the quarter. That was driven by volume growth of 3%. Volumes were up in all major product categories as our team is executing its growth strategies well in a relatively sluggish market. Switching to developed markets outside of North America. Organic sales were down 3% in the third quarter. All of that decline was driven by South Korea, including in diapers, where category conditions are challenging as a result of a significant decline in the birthrate in that country.  Moving to developing and emerging markets. Organic sales were up 3% in the third quarter, including volume growth of 4%. Looking at some of our key markets there. In Brazil, organic sales in personal care were similar year-on-year. Our volumes continue to grow with benefits from innovation across the portfolio. Selling prices came down, though, as we adjusted to the stronger Brazilian real and competitive activity.  In China, organic sales in personal care were up mid-single digits with strong double-digit growth in feminine care. Our Kotex brand in China is benefiting from product innovation and our focus on the premium end of the market. Organic sales in diapers in China were similar year-on-year. Product mix improved while volumes and selling prices were down as comparisons were impacted by very strong growth last year and competitive activity this year. Diaper pricing continues to be less negative this year than it was last year. And going forward, we will continue to focus on driving winning product solutions on Huggies in China. In Argentina, organic sales in personal care were up strong double digits, driven by higher selling prices. Huggies diapers' volumes continue to grow somewhat even though the category demand in Argentina is still down. And then lastly, in Eastern Europe, organic sales in personal care increased high single digits. Our volume momentum continues in this part of the world as we achieved another double-digit increase this quarter on both Huggies and Kotex. Selling prices declined in Russia and Eastern Europe, mostly reflecting price rollbacks following the strengthening of the Russian ruble.  I'd also like to mention at the end of the third quarter, we purchased the remaining 50% of our joint venture in India. Although the categories in India are small today, we're optimistic about the long-term growth potential in this country. And then finally, I'll briefly build on Maria's financial review to say that I'm encouraged with our team's accomplishments on our FORCE cost-savings program, the way we've managed our overhead spending in this year, especially in the third quarter, and then our working capital and capital allocation. Now I'll turn and cover our outlook for the balance of 2017. As we mentioned in this morning's news release, we're confirming our previous full year 2017 targets. We continue to expect that sales will be similar or up slightly year-on-year. Given results through 9 months, it's more likely that organic sales will be similar for the full year.  On the bottom line, we continue to expect that earnings per share will be at the low end of the $6.20 to $6.35 range. As Maria noted, our commodity inflation estimate has increased somewhat from 3 months ago. On the other hand, we've reduced our discretionary spending plans for the year. In addition, our outlook for currency rates and the effective tax rate has improved slightly.  So in summary, we're focused on competing effectively in the near term, we're executing our Global Business Plan strategies for long-term success and we're optimistic about our opportunities to deliver attractive returns to shareholders. That wraps up our prepared remarks, and now we'll begin to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: I have a few questions. One is if you can talk about kind of the recent top line organic results you delivered in the context of the longer-term 3% to 5% organic range, and what you see is the gaps, whether it be particular geographies or particular business units that you need to close and, I guess, your comfort with that. That's the first question.
Thomas Falk: Yes, sure. I think a couple of comments, first on overall category growth. When you've got the birthrate going negative in big markets like the U.S. and major negative in South Korea, we'd guess the birthrate's down 7% to 9% year-to-date in Korea, which we have a hard time explaining to be honest, and don't think that's sustainable. On the other hand, it is what it is and those babies aren't born this year and they won't be in the category next year or the year after that. So category weakness is certainly there in a couple of big markets. And then we had negative 1 price, which is pretty similar in the first half and the third quarter as you had pricing that went in as a result of currency in some places like Russia and Brazil last year that's coming out as those currencies have turned around and a generally more competitive price environment, even in markets like the U.S., as the same number of competitors are chasing lower growth or lower category. So we still think the 3% to 5% is the right long-term growth opportunity. We've got good growth as emerging markets develop. But I'd say, certainly this year, that has been tough to go find.
Ali Dibadj: And just on that, I mean if you think about all those drivers, are they going to get better in 2018 at this point? Or do you just have no visibility into that? Because it certainly doesn't -- it feels like it's a pretty far reach to get anywhere near the 3%, the 3% to 5% range, even next year.
Thomas Falk: Yes, we'll give you '18 guidance in January, but I'd say your instinct is right, that it -- we don't -- we're not planning for it to snap back. We would expect -- I mean again, the babies that aren't born this year aren't going to be in the diaper category next year either. So and I think, as we understand, much of it is a millennial thing, where they're having kids a little later. Is there -- what else is going on in Korea that might be affecting it? What's the path forward as to how those recover? Those are all things that we'll be looking at. But again, I would expect it's going to be another challenging year from a growth standpoint in 2018. At least that's what we're planning for at this stage.
Ali Dibadj: And then just if I may, just the last question. Given what we're seeing on private-label trends, what's your stance on manufacturing private label for other retailers than Costco? For example, Amazon.
Thomas Falk: Yes, we do, do private label for a number of retailers and across several categories and have for a long, long time. We don't usually talk about it very much, and it is a very small part of our business. It's less than 5% of our overall sales.
Ali Dibadj: And nothing in particular about the e-commerce channel in regards to private label?
Thomas Falk: No. I mean, we -- well, I mean, I think there isn't much private label in e-commerce today. And so we really are focusing on building our branded business and e-comm across our categories and in many key markets around the world, China and Korea, especially, where it's exploded. And it is where a lot of the category is taking place.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wendy Nicholson with Citi Research.
Wendy Nicholson: Can you comment on your decision to focus on cutting your spending as aggressively as you have been? I mean, on the one hand, it's great that you've insulated your profit margins in a difficult environment. I assume there's some negative operating leverage and obviously costs are going up. But when you talk about sort of your cutting your discretionary spending, how much more fat is there to cut? And I guess, could you address the thought that, hey, if you cut less and maybe spent more, do you think that would have a positive impact on your organic top line growth? If you could talk about your -- sort of your philosophy, given just how challenging so many markets are right now.
Thomas Falk: Let me give you a couple of headlines and let Maria give you a little bit more detail. I mean, first of all, I mean, there has been some shift out of advertising and digital couponing that you guys don't see because the digital coupon value is a reduction of gross sales to get the net sales and it kind of shows up in our price calculation as we give you the analysis of change in sales. So part of that negative 1 point of price is more digital coupons, and we spent a little bit less advertising. The other -- if you've got low birthrates in markets like the U.S. and Korea, more advertising isn't necessarily going to help you stimulate category demand. I mean, it could be a share play that you really felt like you could influence it. But in this kind of environment, we also said being sharp and competitive on price is even more important, so we've probably invested a little bit more there. And then the cost cutting between the lines is, I think, kind of a normal belt-tightening you do in a tough year, but I'll let Maria give you a little bit more detail on how we've thought about that.
Maria Henry: Yes, I just follow on Tom's comments that on the growth-oriented investments that we make, we pay a lot of attention to what the ROI is on those investments. And we continually monitor that to see, are we getting what we're expecting? And then we shift our investment dollars to the highest and best use, where the strongest ROI is, given the competitive environment and the category dynamics. On the overhead spending, that is an area where you always have room on discretionary expenditures. And when the top line is where it is and as we face inflationary pressures, it just makes sense to tighten our belt on discretionary items. And while we hope that all of our spending contributes value, there's a rank order of higher-value activities and lower-value activities. And we just pull back and eliminate the areas that, again, have a lower return to the overall profitability and success of the company. And so it's regular belt-tightening below the line and a really hard look at ROIs on the growth-oriented investments.
Wendy Nicholson: Got it. Okay. And then my second question, if I can, is just on China. Because we heard a lot from Procter on Friday about their initiatives in the diaper category, how much they're investing there. Can you just remind us where exactly you are positioned, your portfolio? Are you in the superpremium end? How big is your share maybe in the pants area? I'm trying to assess how much of a threat their renewed focus in that market is on your business specifically.
Michael Hsu: Yes, Wendy, it's Mike. Yes, we're probably balanced, but we're probably -- the growing part of our business has been the premium business, but we're generally balanced overall. We have a good position in Tier 3, but also Tier 4 and 5. And the growth has been more out of the premium side of our business, and that's where we're driving more of our business. Our performance overall in China this quarter, I think as Tom mentioned, the organic was even versus -- or similar to versus year-ago. But we're very confident in our business there long term. It's obviously the world's largest diaper market. We've got a great team with great technology and we like our position there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Clearly, this is shaping up to be a pretty tough year for you guys, as I think you've conceded, Tom. What I'm trying to do is wrap my head around, parse out, what may be sort of transitory pressure and what may have some more enduring headwinds. I mean, birthrates in the U.S. look like, at some point, they should come back. Input costs obviously ebbs and flows, and right now, it's flowing against you. But what stands out in results is really the combination of pricing and cost. I think I've got to take my model back to 2004 to find an environment or a year where you were poised to deliver negative price with cost inflation. And Ali asked the question on private label. We see in the data, it's got momentum and you're flagging competitive intensity just around so many markets, driving some negative price. So my core question is that. Is that here to stay? And if not, why not? Why should we believe that pricing pressure won't be more enduring? And if it is, what are the implications for the margin profile of your business overall?
Thomas Falk: So good, deep philosophical questions there. I'd say one thing. As you look at the Nielsen data, the private label is probably somewhat overstated because it doesn't include growing parts of the category, particularly e-commerce where there's really, really very little private label at this point, particularly in the U.S. And we saw a little bit of spike in the quarter in private label in a couple of places, in particular, markets that were probably hurricane relief-related. So if you're going to donate diapers, you may go buy private-label diapers to do it. But we'll see how that resolves as the quarter rolls forward. But at a larger view of your question, we would say that, yes, you've got to have both winning products and you've got to be price-competitive going forward. And so I don't think that's going to change. And so we know that the prices are probably -- you're not going to get an annual price increase every year, although we haven't operated that way for a long, long time, but we are expecting lots of good local competition as well as global competition that's going to make a price competitive market. So I don't know, Mike, if there's anything you want to add to that.
Michael Hsu: No, no, I think it is an interesting observation you make, Jason, though, that with the cost inflation, seeing the pricing pressure in some of the markets isn't what you normally see. And so again, I think we're preparing ourselves to operate effectively in that environment and be able to grow profitably in that kind of a marketplace. But obviously, that's not our preference.
Thomas Falk: Some of the pulp price increase, really quite honestly, if you look at supply/demand model, you wouldn't have predicted it would be as high as it is. So our -- another RISI forecast stated that it's going to be higher in '18. And yet you again say it's hard to believe that under the supply and demand fundamentals, it's going to be there. It's harder to price off that if you're not sure that the commodity increase is real and enduring.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy from Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: First question for Tom and Mike. I wanted to come back to personal care, which came in a little bit shorter than expectations, I think, broadly in the quarter, and just understand what the surprises were to the downside. Because, Tom, I think you talked about birthrates in North America and South Korea, which were already sort of understood going into the quarter, year-over-year comparisons also understood. So was it just the competitive environment that was worse than expectations that drove some of the downside? And if so, why does that necessarily get better in Q4 or even into next year? I'd just like to try to better understand that. And then I have a follow-up.
Michael Hsu: Yes. I think, Kevin -- I think it largely -- probably competitive environment. Obviously, that I think the birthrate, particularly in the U.S. and South Korea, has been known for a while, probably larger than what we where we were expecting previously. But I think the competitive environments continues to be active out there, particularly in North America. I think what you are going to see is that we are expecting to see our performance improve, particularly in the U.S. and North America, as we finish out the year from a promotional perspective. We've fine-tuned our promotion plans. I think we are seeing some of that reflection at the shelf now, and we're expecting better performance there.
Kevin Grundy: Okay. Maria, question for you, if I may, on input cost inflation, which is becoming more topical broadly across the group and I would say certainly for Kimberly-Clark. Can you -- so the first is kind of a housekeeping. Can you just confirm that pulp purchases for the company are probably about 25% of cost of goods sold? And then related to that, just given the worries around top line, what's your expectation for pulp inflation, raw material inflation over the next 12 months, just given the potential worry here around margins and the company's ability to offset this with FORCE savings and pricing would certainly seem less applicable in the current environment given the competitive activity? So commentary there would be helpful.
Maria Henry: Sure. In terms of our commodity purchases, what we say is that, generally, commodities- and energy-related spend is just under 50% of our cost of goods sold. And then within that, our largest single commodity buy is pulp, which is about 1/3 of that number. That will get you to about our pulp spend for the company. In terms of the inflationary pressures that we see, as I think Tom commented, it is stronger inflation than we were expecting. When you look at the fundamentals of demand and where we are in the cycle, we wouldn't expect it to be as high as it is. There is some supply constraints that seem to be in play here, so we'll have to work through that. The higher inflation is one of the drivers of getting even more aggressive on the overhead cost that we've been talking about in the third quarter. We're fortunate to have very strong performance on our FORCE cost savings delivering $125 million of savings against $115 million of inflation that we saw in the quarter. The teams have done a great job on the FORCE cost savings. We're now at about 4.1% of our cost of goods sold in savings delivery. And that has been up year-on-year for the last couple of years. And the teams continue to expand the lens that they look at to continue to drive productivity in our supply chain. In terms of the exact numbers and expectations on where we think the commodities are going, I'm going to ask Paul to kind of run you through.
Paul Alexander: Yes, I mean, I think that for the next 12 months -- or for 2018 specifically, as Tom said, we'll give you our planning assumptions in detail when we get to January. As he also referenced, if you looked at market forecasts right now, they would suggest inflation again next year.
Maria Henry: And at some point -- if you think about commodity inflation in a band, at some point, if it gets high enough, we expect that we will be able to get some pricing against it. It's just when you've got -- when you are where we are in terms of the inflation and the volatility around it, it's a little tougher to price. But if you look historically, after some inflection point on inflation, we're usually able to get some price in the market.
Kevin Grundy: Thanks for that. Just to drill down without asking you guys to put numbers on it. For Maria and Paul, is it fair to say at this point, based on what you know and where spot prices are, that you feel comfortable that the FORCE savings can cover your input cost inflation over the next 12 months?
Maria Henry: Well again, I don't want to give a specific number on the outlook. I think our FORCE cost savings, we're in good shape to deliver the guidance that we gave for this year when you look at where we are in a year-to-date basis. I think broadly, we continue to believe we've got room to go on that program as we looked forward. So when we come back in January, we will give you our perspective on what we think on the cost savings versus the inflation estimate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: So a couple of questions. First thing was just on China. I think you guys said that -- or that volume in China diapers was down this quarter. Would you just -- it could may be my mistake, but it's not something I recall hearing before. I think the pattern has sort of been strong volume with negative pricing, and then that you said pricing was better. But can you just talk a little bit, the dynamics on China volumes turning negative in the diaper business and sort of the outlook forward? My first question,
Michael Hsu: Yes, Lauren, volume was down in China, particularly in diapers. I think mix was favorable. And the pricing environment has probably stabilized versus Q2 and pretty much on kind of what our annual assumption of it at the beginning of the year. I think what's going on is probably, the volume, has been a little bit more competition chasing the world's largest market. And what's probably been different about maybe the recent quarters is a little more pickup from local Chinese players. We probably lost a little volume in our Tier 3 business, or our mid-tier business, versus our premium business. So I would say we recognize our -- competitive launch by P&G is out there, that probably hasn't affected our business as much at this point, but it's been more some local players picking up trial.
Thomas Falk: Still, looking at the part of it -- so our toughest comp of the year in China volume was against third quarter last year. So it's up against a pretty strong growth number. And so overall, yes, we're making progress there. It's a challenging competitive set, but we're pretty happy with what we've got going on. And our femcare business in China has taken off, and that grew strong double digits and kind of picked up the slack a little bit this quarter.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. It sounds like that was also maybe the case in Brazil, a couple of markets. It seems like femcare has been an accelerating path in many markets. So I know diapers is just a much bigger category, but can you kind of talk about, as you look forward and think about growth opportunities in D and E markets, the role you expect femcare to play, and the degree to which that can balance, also perhaps, continually more competitive diaper environment?
Michael Hsu: Yes, Lauren, I think we're excited about our femcare business. Globally, I think it presents a very significant opportunity for us to both expand consumption and/or distribution. In Brazil, specifically, femcare was up strong double digits. Overall organic sales in Brazil were even. Year-on-year, kind of a different story though. Volume's up pretty strongly, femcare up double digits, as I said. And diapers was up mid-single digits. But a little bit offset by a decline in net selling prices. I do think the economic conditions in Brazil are -- we're seeing some green shoots. Maybe a touch, a tick up in consumer confidence hasn't really translated to overall category demand yet. But I do think the team is executing much better in Brazil. We've got the right price pack architecture in place, improvements are in our product offering. And I think we're poised to grow when the market continues [indiscernible].
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. I just had one final question, and that was around the U.S. and promotional and competitive environment. So oftentimes, I hear manufacturers talk about that retailers are actually funding the stepped- up promotional environment, particularly in categories where they're traffic builders, there's a higher basket, so diapers being prime on that list. Can you talk about the degree to which you're seeing that? Or is it that retailers maybe have not been using Kimberly-Clark products in their promotional strategies, so it's required you to do something differently to kind of get back in that rotation?.
Michael Hsu: Yes, I think perhaps maybe, Lauren, I would say those statements are partially true. Which is, hey, these are high-traffic-building categories and so retailers invest a lot behind them. But I think it's also true that we're seeing though, that we believe a lot of it is competitive spending. And I think you can see it maybe in some of the other numbers that are out there. And so I think it's a little bit of both. As I said maybe in July, we weren't happy with our first half performance in the U.S. We did have to fine-tune our promotional personal approach. I think the team has made steps, particularly in family care, which as Tom mentioned, was up over 3% organically and volume was up about 5%. So I think they've made very good progress on that, improving their in-store execution. And we're doing the same in our personal care businesses. And we're expecting to see better progress.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: So going back to the Chinese diaper market, and I apologize for going back and forth here. When would you expect the destocking to be finished and pricing to improve in your view? You alluded to weak pricing being where you expect it to be, but could you be more specific on what is embedded in your guidance besides of the easier comparisons as you go into the balance of the year? And you -- are you planning any reaction to the increased competition in pants? I know it's relatively smaller to the tape category, but nevertheless, it's one of the premium categories that you want to be in. And also, can you elaborate more on the reduction on the CapEx? What will you be investing less than you originally planned? And is this reduction just a shift to next year? So if you can also elaborate on those.
Thomas Falk: Yes, sure. Maybe I'll take a couple of those and then give Mike the bulk of the China question. So I guess first of all, we didn't really call out destocking as an issue in our volume change. So I mean, a good chunk of our business in China is e-commerce and there's not a lot of inventory shift through that channel. And then second, on CapEx, I don't know, Maria, if you want to comment on CapEx before Mike gives you a little deeper answer on...
Maria Henry: Sure. Yes, on CapEx, it's -- we expect that it'll come in below our original guidance for the year. And the largest driver of that is with the lower sales for the year, we obviously aren't spending as much CapEx on growth capital. And as I talked about tightening up on discretionary spend and I talked about ROI focus on growth investments, we have that same discipline on our capital spending. And so not all projects are created equal. And we continue to invest in the high-return CapEx projects, particularly the ones that are helping deliver some of the FORCE cost savings that we've been recording. But overall, in the lower-growth environment, that reduces our CapEx spend along with a lot of discipline around the ROI and prioritizing where we are investing our CapEx.
Thomas Falk: And then on China, Mike can give you a little more detail on what's going on in pants, we've been there for a long time in multiple tiers, we're doing diaper-pants in lots of places. But maybe just give her a little more color in that.
Michael Hsu: Yes, Andrea. So to your question on pricing, I think the pricing environment is largely consistent with what we assumed at the beginning of the year. So pricing is less negative in 2017, but still down slightly versus 2016. The promotion environment remains pretty competitive and we're kind of assuming kind of it's going to stay at this level for a while. And pricing in Q3 was comparable to where it was in Q4. Our teams have made a lot of progress, notably on the cost front. And so while the pricing has come down over the last couple of years, our gross margins are performing very well. And so the team's doing a very good job there. I think the issue in the quarter for us on volume was more competitive issue around maybe some local competitors, primarily in Tier 3, picking up some volume and some trial at the mid tiers.
Thomas Falk: Did we cover all your questions, Andrea, through that?
Andrea Teixeira: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Wells Fargo.
Bonnie Herzog: I guess I wanted to circle back to the U.S. We really seem to be seeing a bit of a disconnect between broad macro indicators and then category growth rate in the U.S. So could you guys speak to the strength of the U.S. consumer? And then maybe give us a sense as to what you think might be driving soft U.S. consumption at a time when, really, the consumer environment should at least in theory be doing a little bit better than what a lot of the staples category performance suggests.
Thomas Falk: Yes. I mean, I'll let Mike unpack this a little bit more. It is a mixed bag where you're seeing decent category trends in tissue and adult care and things like that, and diapers is more of a birthrate phenomena. But Mike, maybe you want to go a little deeper on that.
Michael Hsu: Yes, maybe there are a couple of things. And as it pertains to our categories, across all of our categories, the average -- the category volume is down 1%. So I think down slightly. Bath tissue, the consumer tissue side, I'd say largely on track with where it's been. I think the decline has been in the diaper business, which, as Tom mentioned earlier, driven, we believe, by a reduction in births, right? The birthrate was down in the first quarter of 2017, down about 3%. So I do think the consumer -- if you read all the things we read, continues to be under stress. But there has been a different phenomenon in maybe the diaper business, which is a large business for us, which has probably driven down some of our consumption.
Bonnie Herzog: Okay. And then I -- my last question, I guess, is on your innovation pipeline, just in thinking about it relative to your top line weakness year-to-date. Just trying to get a sense of, if some of this pressure could also be due to some of your innovation possibly not resonating as well as expected? And then could you guys give us a sense for how full your pipeline is and will there be more in the market next year?
Michael Hsu: Yes. I think certainly, we're always looking to do better on innovation. We do have some strong innovation this year, notably in the U.S. I think in the recent quarters, been improvements in adult and femcare with Depend mainline absorbency improvement. And in China, an improvement in our Tier 5 diaper performance. So I think we've got some pretty good in the market this year. We're looking to probably improve it even further next year. And we're excited about some of those launches. But I think we're going to come back and talk more about those in January.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets.
Sunil Modi: I guess the question, we've been hearing a theme emerging over the past few quarters, at least on all the conference calls, about the local players you mentioned in some of your remarks about China and some things you're seeing in Tier 3 cities. But if you kind of, like, think about the entire world, in Latin America and what these local players are doing, what is different, number one? And why are they gaining share? And number two is how do you address it? I mean, are there organizational design changes you might need to make in order to better address the local consumer?
Thomas Falk: Yes, maybe just I'll start and then let Mike build on it. I mean, I would say in China, it's the -- when we talk about Tier 3s, it's not Tier 3 cities, it's Tier 3 in the category, kind of the middle of the category, the mid-priced performance. Not the low end, but the kind of the middle. A lot of it is coming in through e-commerce, which essentially makes it a little bit easier to get on the unlimited shelf. And if you get trial, you can pick up a share point. And so you do see more entrepreneurial local players that sell a decent-enough-performing diaper and do it through e-comm, where they can get some attention and some trial. And it's probably too early to see what the repeat is. I'd say in other markets, we probably haven't seen as much of that phenomena. You've got some local players like CMPC in Latin America that are emerging in a lot of places. But I would say China has been the one where you've seen more of a resurgence of smaller local players. And that's mostly happened this year, I would say.
Michael Hsu: Yes, Nik. And I don't think I have any blinding insight in terms of what you do about it. But I would say it comes back to the basics at how we run our business, which is better innovation. And I think we're customizing and tailoring our innovation to make sure that we're performing and competing effectively against all competitors on all tiers. And so I think we have some ideas that we're going to do -- working on to strengthen our performance of our products. And then also investing more behind our brands. And we think Huggies is positioned very well in all markets, particularly in China. And we like our positioning there and we'll invest more behind the Huggies brand to build that business, is what we're going to do.
Thomas Falk: Yes, maybe the only thing organizationally is we are organized, where we're the local market leaders, own the response to any local competition. So the team running the China business, they're accountable for developing the strategies to deal with whatever kind of competition is in front of them. There's a global organization around to help them. But they're there on the front line every day and deciding what to do, what to launch, how to promote or what channels to go after it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: Welcome back, sorry.
Thomas Falk: It's okay. We're here all day.
Ali Dibadj: So am I. So two questions. One is, look, FORCE, for many of us, certainly me, continues to be a little bit of an abstract concept, right? So it's broad based, you're hearing lots of things. Can you maybe just give us...
Thomas Falk: It's real cash, Ali. It's spending money.
Ali Dibadj: No, no, but I'm just trying to figure out, can you just give us 2 or 3 specific examples that make up FORCE? I mean, is it a big project? Is it -- just if you could give us just something concrete that turns into the concrete dollars this year or something. Just maybe just to help guys think -- to think about it.
Thomas Falk: Absolutely.
Maria Henry: Sure. The FORCE cost savings are coming from a number of areas, and I'll kind of tick through them and then go deeper if you want to, Ali. On -- the first one is the savings that we're able to get from negotiating lower material prices with suppliers. The second one is we look to improve our productivity and waste across the system, particularly in our manufacturing operations. And there, it's things like driving OEE, eliminating waste through the whole process, going deep on lean manufacturing methodologies, things like that. The third area is overall driving down the spending across our manufacturing facilities. So that's in addition to the productivity of the equipment and the machines, it's just driving out any unnecessary spend in the facilities.  And finally, the fourth big area is around optimizing the cost of our product, specifications of our products. So our engineering teams are continually looking for ways to lower the cost of the product while maintaining or improving the performance and the quality of the products that we sell. So we've made significant progress in all of these areas this year and last year. And with the global supply chain team being in place, they're looking across all of those areas, plus logistics, to find ways to drive savings. And if you looked at the project list that make up what delivers the FORCE cost savings, you'd see hundreds of projects across the system globally that then add up to deliver those savings. There is specific examples we talked about in the personal care area, the strong cost savings. We've had a number of examples where we've been able to share best practices across the globe where one of our manufacturing facilities has optimized a way to drive cost out of the diaper, they share that across the system. And then other manufacturing locations implement those learnings and that helps us optimize the cost of our products. But it's really in those four areas, and there are many, many projects across the system with our teams working on that globally.
Ali Dibadj: So that's very helpful. If we we're just to dig in one of them, just to give a little more color to it. So the second one, sort of productivity and operating efficiency. So what are your OEEs right now on average? And can you -- because I'm just trying to figure out how much of [indiscernible] is left, right? So where are we on OEE, as an example?
Thomas Falk: So it varies widely across businesses. So if you looked at OEE for our tissue machine, it would be very high because it's a baseload asset that runs 24/7. If you looked at an OEE for a diaper machine, it would be much lower because you've got lots of stops and material changes and grade changes and things like that. And so I think for us, it's -- we would measure OEE for every diaper machine in the system and there's still a pretty good delta between the best-performing machine and the worst-performing machine. And the good news is, with a lot of the work that we're doing, our best-performing machines are getting better at about the same rate as our worst-performing machines. And so we do see lots of opportunity yet on productivity to continue to get best-in-class.
Ali Dibadj: Okay, super helpful. Totally separate type of question. You mention your categories clearly are more challenged right now. We get that. But it also looks like your market shares are more challenged. And I just want to go back to this what you were just mentioning a second ago, for example in China, but more broadly, that look at reinvestment that has to be put back into the marketplace a little bit there. But not just China, in the U.S., showing less share even elsewhere. What are the things that you expect, not just from a category perspective, but from a market share perspective, you guys to be able to deliver on better results?
Thomas Falk: Yes, that's fair. We're not satisfied with our market shares this year. We're up in about 40% of the country category intersections that we track, that are the biggest ones. And our goal for the year is to be up in at least half. So we're tracking below goal. North America's probably been the one that has had the toughest hit, given the first half results that we've had. We expect them to finish a little stronger. But I don't know, Mike, if you want to give any more color on other areas you're thinking but from a market share standpoint.
Michael Hsu: No, I mean, it's a great area to pick at, Ali. It's an area that we're clearly not happy about. And that we're trying to make sure that we run the business and make sure we find the right investment behind the brands, be able to grow profitably. And we're doing that. I think we made some progress in family care. Not declaring victory because we're just taking the next step in the right direction. But we're trying to grow our shares, grow our business and then grow our profit at the same time.
Thomas Falk: Yes, if you looked at our three-month shares versus our year-to-date shares, our trend is a little better sequentially, but we're still not satisfied.
Operator: At this time, we have no other questioners in the queue.
Paul Alexander: All right. Well, thank you, everyone, for your questions this morning. And we'll conclude with a short comment from Tom.
Thomas Falk: Well, once again, we appreciate your support of Kimberly-Clark. And we'll continue to do everything we can to deliver good shareholder value over the long term. Thanks very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's presentation. You may disconnect your phone lines, and thank you for joining us this morning.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul J. Alexander - Kimberly-Clark Corp. Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp. Maria G. Henry - Kimberly-Clark Corp. Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly-Clark Corp.
Analysts: Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc. Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bonnie L. Herzog - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC Nik Modi - RBC Capital Markets LLC Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Iain E. Simpson - Socit Gnrale SA (UK) Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience and holding. We now have your presenters and conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today's presentation, we'll be opening the floor for your questions. At that time, instructions will be given as to the procedures to follow if you would like to ask an audio question. It is now my pleasure to introduce today's first presenter, Mr. Paul Alexander.
Paul J. Alexander - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's second quarter earnings conference call. With us this morning are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mike Hsu, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Maria Henry, our CFO. Here's the agenda for the call. Tom will start with some opening comments about the current environment. Maria will then review our second quarter results and after that Tom will provide his perspectives on our results and the outlook for the year. And we'll finish with Q&A. As usual, we have a presentation of today's materials in the Investors section of our website. As a reminder, we'll be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. Lastly, we'll be comparing our 2017 results to 2016 adjusted results, which exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. And now, I'll turn it over to Tom.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks, Paul, and good morning, everyone. Before Maria gives you some of the details on the quarter, I thought I would comment on how I see the environment overall and then how we're approaching it. So, while I remain optimistic about our long-term future, the near-term environment has become more challenging than maybe we saw at the beginning of the year. So category growth has slowed broadly in lots of places over the last year or so, and we expect that growth will pick back up over time, but that pickup may not happen quickly. In the meantime, competitive activity has increased, including higher spending in North America over the last 12 months. So in this environment, we continue to focus on what we think are the fundamentals that create long-term shareholder value. That means we're continuing to invest behind our brands by launching innovation, pursuing targeted growth initiatives and then supporting our brands with strong marketing campaigns. At the same time, we fine-tune some of our promotion strategies and we have a heightened focus on delivering more cost savings and tightly controlling our discretionary spending in an environment like this. We're also continuing to manage our company with financial discipline and allocate capital in shareholder-friendly ways. So in short, we continue to execute our strategies for long-term success, and we are adjusting our near-term plans as we operate in a more difficult environment. And with that, I'll turn it over to Maria for a review of our second quarter results.
Maria G. Henry - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone. Let me start with the headlines for the quarter. Sales and earnings were down slightly, reflecting a challenging environment, as Tom just described, and comparison to strong results last year. We delivered significant cost savings in the quarter, and we've increased our full year cost savings outlook. And finally, we're on track with our overall capital plan. Now let's take a look at the details, starting with sales. Our second quarter net sales were $4.6 billion, that's down 1% year-on-year due to lower organic sales. Tom is going to provide some more color on our top line in just a few minutes. On profitability, second quarter gross margin was 36.1%, that's down 20 basis points year-on-year. Operating margin was 17.5%, down 50 basis points. While margins were down slightly overall, I'm encouraged with the improvements that we achieved in our Personal Care and K-C Professional business segments, and also in the developing and emerging markets overall. Commodities were a $75 million drag in the second quarter, and for the full year, we're now expecting inflation of $200 million to $300 million, that's $50 million higher than our previous estimate driven by higher pulp costs. Our teams continued to deliver significant FORCE cost savings. Second quarter savings were $120 million and we've increased our full year savings target to $425 million to $450 million. Our original target was for savings of at least $400 million. Given the current environment, we are also tightly managing our overhead spending. On the bottom line, second quarter earnings per share were $1.49, down 3% year-on-year. Lower equity income reduced earnings by $0.03 per share, offset by a lower share count and a slightly better effective tax rate. Now let's take a look at cash flow. Cash provided by operations in the second quarter was $825 million, in line with our expectations. Cash flow was down compared to $860 million in the year-ago quarter, including the impact of higher tax payments this year. Second quarter working capital cash conversion cycle was down six days compared to full year 2016, bringing the year-to-date decline to five days. We're making very good progress in this area, and we expect to nicely exceed our original one-day improvement target for the full year. We also continue to manage capital spending in this environment, and we now expect that full year spending will be in the lower half of our $850 million to $950 million target range. On capital allocation, second quarter dividend payments and share repurchases totaled more than $600 million. We continue to expect that full year dividends and share repurchases will total between $2.2 billion and $2.4 billion. Looking at our segments, in Personal Care, organic sales fell 1% due to lower net selling prices. Organic sales were up 2% in developing and emerging markets but were down elsewhere. Personal Care operating margins were 20.6%, up 60 basis points. The improvement was driven by cost savings, partially offset by lower selling prices and higher input costs. In Consumer Tissue, organic sales were down 2%, driven by North America. Overall, Consumer Tissue operating margins were 16.5%, down 190 basis points. The results were impacted by lower sales and higher pulp costs. In K-C Professional, organic sales in the quarter were up 1%, with gains in all major geographies. K-C Professional operating margins were 20.1%, up 150 basis points. The comparison included benefits from cost savings. So in summary, our second quarter results were impacted by difficult environment with weaker economies, category softness and increased competitive activity. Nonetheless, we are achieving strong cost savings, we're generating healthy cash flow, and we're allocating capital in shareholder-friendly ways. I'll now turn the call back over to Tom.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks, Maria. I'll provide more detail on our top line sales and market conditions, and then I'll address our full-year outlook. As Maria just mentioned, our organic sales were down 1% in the quarter as we're operating in a challenging growth environment. In our consumer businesses in North America, organic sales fell by 2% that were impacted by category softness, lower promotional shipments and higher competitive activity. Just for perspective, in the categories that we compete in, in North America, the total market declined by about 1% in the quarter. Looking at our businesses in North America, Personal Care volumes were off 1%. In the infant and child care mega category, our volumes were down mid-single digits. Beyond tough comparisons, results were impacted by competitive activity and lower category demand, which is down about 1% year-to-date following last year's 1% decline in the U.S. growth rate. On the other hand, volumes were up mid-single-digits in baby wipes and low single-digits in adult care. In adult care, we're introducing an improved Depend product this quarter, and we're increasing marketing and promotion support to help drive more growth in this category. Our Consumer Tissue volumes were down 4%, and that compares to a 6% growth in the base period. We'd expect some better performance in Consumer Tissue in the back half of the year as we got a stronger promotional calendar planned and we're making some targeted promotion changes on Kleenex facial tissue. Turning to developed markets outside of North America, organic sales were down 3% in the second quarter. Sales were down in Personal Care in South Korea, where the diaper category is being impacted by a pretty significant decline in the birth rate. We expect results to pick up some in the second half of the year as we got some diaper and feminine care product upgrades in the market and we're also relaunching our baby wipes business there. Volumes were also down in the quarter in Consumer Tissue in Western and Central Europe, reflecting a continued challenging environment there. Moving to developing and emerging markets, organic sales were up 2% in the second quarter. For the first half of the year, organic sales have increased by 3%, with volume growth of more than 5%. So, I'm encouraged by our volume performance and, overall, we're largely on track with our plans in these markets. Looking at second quarter performance in some of our key markets. In China, organic sales in diapers were similar year-on-year as higher volumes and improved mix were offset by lower selling prices. And while competitive activity picked up somewhat in the second quarter, we continue to be optimistic that pricing won't be as negative in China this year as it was last year. We launched several innovations in China in the second quarter. And going forward, we plan to continue to focus on driving winning product solutions behind our Huggies brand. Moving to Brazil, organic sales in Personal Care were down high single-digits compared to a 10% increase in the year-ago period. Through six months, organic sales in Brazil are similar year-on-year, which is probably a better indicator of our underlying trends. While category volumes are still down in Brazil, our volumes were up mid single-digits, aided by innovation and changes to our promotional strategies there. In Argentina, organic sales in Personal Care were up mid-teens driven by higher selling prices. Although category volumes are still down pretty significantly, our volumes are up somewhat following the relaunch of Huggies diapers earlier this year. And then lastly in Eastern Europe, our organic sales in diapers rose about 10%, as our teams there delivered another double-digit volume increase this quarter. We've also recently introduced several innovations on Huggies in Russia to help us drive even more growth. Now beyond our sales performance, I'll just briefly build on Maria's comments to say that I am encouraged with the FORCE cost savings, our improvements in working capital, and the cash we've been able to return to shareholders in the first half of the year. Now turning to our outlook. In terms of our full year targets, we expect organic sales will be similar or up slightly year-on-year. Our prior assumption was for growth of 1% to 2%. We still expect growth in the second half of the year to pick up somewhat from the first half, and that's largely due to easier comparisons along with benefits from innovations and other steps we're taking to improve our performance. On the bottom line, we expect that earnings per share will be at the low end of our target range of $6.20 to $6.35. That reflects our new outlook for organic sales and cost inflation, along with additional cost savings, some overhead spending reductions, and a slightly lower effective tax rate. Our priorities for the second half of the year are as follows: first, to execute on our brand fundamentals with excellence to make sure we improve our top line performance; second, to deliver cost savings to help keep our margins healthy; and third and finally, to generate strong cash flow. Our teams are very focused on these priorities and our plan is to deliver sales and earnings growth in the back half of the year. Beyond the near term, over the long term, we're committed to continuing our long track record of making changes to improve our company so that we achieve success for our brands, for our businesses, and for our shareholders. That wraps up our prepared remarks and now we'll begin to take your questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks, good morning.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Hey, good morning Lauren.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I wanted to talk a little bit about the competitive environment in North America you called out across the consumer businesses. Is it, one, primarily from branded players, is it private label, and then also just how retailers are kind of playing into all of that or stimulating the change in the environment?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, I'll give you a couple of comments, and maybe Mike can give a little bit more color. I mean I think the answer is probably all of the above. When you have weaker category growth overall and you have about the same number of people fighting over it, you can see that play out. And there is no question, there is channel shifting going on as e-commerce grows and that's putting pressure on lots of retailers. Maybe Mike has some other comments to add.
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: No, I definitely agree with that, Lauren. I'd say it's probably certainly branded players and then also private labels have an effect, too. I would say North America is always competitive, but we are really focused on the fundamentals that we need to bring, which is innovation, creating longer-term shareholder value. We are really focused on building the categories and so we got a really strong line-up of winning products out there right now. But we got to really fine-tune what's in our current marketing plans and promotions to improve our competitiveness in the market. We're also focused on, as Tom mentioned earlier, improving our in-store execution in the second half.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And with in-store execution, and you mentioned kind of promotional adjustments, it feels like a lot of your category volume, maybe less so for tissue but more in personal care is sort of naturally shifting more online. So, how effective do you feel like for the focus on in-store, is there things that you're also doing to better position your businesses online right. We know Amazon has  we know they've made their push in diapers and wipes, and it looks like wipes is probably the piece that's had some success. So what are you also doing from an online standpoint, not just in-store?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, I mean, in-store to us, I guess, broadly means whatever mom wants to shop. So that's a traditional bricks-and-mortar retail or an online retail, so it's making sure you got the right items in distribution, the right pricing, the right merchandising support.
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, we've got a lot of resources focused on driving online growth and working with our customers on their online strategies. And obviously all of our customers or many of our customers are working towards the same end. I would say we're making pretty good progress in growing online. Still the majority of our business is still sold offline, but we're making good progress, but not satisfied with our online performance. But I'd say, bringing us back to the offline portion, I think if you characterize our first half, we were going up against a very strong comp in the first half last year and some of our promotion plans, kind of, were balanced more, tilted towards the second half this year. So, we are expecting much stronger performance in the back half, particularly of our family care business with promotions.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks, Lauren.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey, guys.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Hey, Ali.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: So I have a few questions. One is just on organic sales, obviously, they continue to be challenging, clearly more challenging than we last talked. But you also say that you expect the top line to grow again. I'm trying to understand the underlying reasoning for that, and I guess, more specifically, is that the conclusion from Mike's strategic review that you said he was doing? Or is that yet to come really thinking about the long-term 3% to 5% organic sales growth target? And if that's not the conclusion from that review, when should we get that verdict? And then, also want to talk about margins, almost in a similar vein, I mean, FORCE has done just extraordinarily well for you guys, obviously continuing to do so and now raising it, recently the target for this year. Can you give us a sense of how much of that needs to be reinvested? And where exactly are the savings coming from, in particular because you're seeing Consumer Tissue margins fall so much this quarter? Should we be thinking about cost cutting not coming from there anymore, FORCE not coming from there anymore and kind of Consumer Tissue margins being past peak?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah. Well, I think I got a lot of those. So, on the top line, I mean, a lot of it is, if you look at our North American business and, Paul, you can check me on the numbers, I think first half last year we were up 5%, in the back half we were flat.
Paul J. Alexander - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Correct.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: So, just the comp will lead you more to growth naturally, just as we continue with the rate that we're on. So, I think the things that's probably different than on our top line look overall is the category declines, really some of the birthrate declines, both in North America and in places like Korea. You can still see category weakness in some of the Latin American markets, although some of the more recent data has been a little bit more encouraging on that front. In terms of the strategic review, I mean, I wouldn't say any of what we're talking about today is related to that. I mean, the strategic review is tending to look long-term and we still see the category potential in all of our categories as the developing and emerging markets grow. But how quickly we get to that future and the environment that we're in is still something that we're taking a look at. Coming back to FORCE, I don't know, Maria, if you want to comment on cost savings?
Maria G. Henry - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, we do continue to deliver significant cost savings through the FORCE program, and we were able to take up the full year target. And what I'd say is that as the program name implies, our teams really are Focused On Reducing Costs Everywhere. When you look at our supply chain savings that includes improving productivity and waste across our manufacturing operations, driving down the cost of our facilities, optimizing the cost of our product specifications and continually negotiating lower input costs or material costs of our products. And year-to-date, we are at 4% of cost of goods, which is really a strong performance, not only internally but benchmarks very well. I continue to see opportunities for us to continue to deliver the FORCE cost savings as we move forward. So good performance there, and I think more opportunity there.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, we come back to the reinvestment rate. If you look at the cost savings we generated relative to the commodity costs and other things that hit us, I mean, you can see that even though we had a great cost savings quarter, we still had gross margins that were down because of lower pricing and higher commodity costs, so and the biggest single factor in the Tissue margins was pulp price change year-over-year. And the FORCE cost savings probably fell a little bit more in the Personal Care segment this quarter, which is where the margin improvement occurred.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: If I can go back to sort of the strategic review. Tom, you mentioned in your remarks, we're committed to making the changes to improve our company going forward. Is that something that's also being thought through in the strategic review? And what I mean by that is when do we get confirmation about 3% to 5% organic sales growth top line, not to put too much pressure on you Mike, but when do we get confirmation on that or a different number? And also are you going to tell us about perhaps some other changes, like how you are in Europe PC, maybe a bigger breakup, for example, the company or something. I mean, is there a timeframe for us to be thinking about when you guys would tell us, Mike, the outcome of your strategic review? And whether it touches all those elements?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, Ali, I think your plan for the strategic review might be a little more glorious than what we're looking at. I mean, really what Mike and his team are trying to do and he can kind of add some comment to it as well as to say what are the things we need to do to really unlock the potential of our business in China, or how do we grow our adult care business everywhere when we see the huge opportunity there, and to kind of take us to the next level of performance and how our company operates and realizes the potential that we see in our categories everywhere. So that's under way. It's more about probably how we work together and use the matrix inside the company. It's not a portfolio analysis as you would have described it.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Got it. Okay. Go ahead, Mike.
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: I'd just add that, yeah, we're certainly excited about the long-term development growth of our categories. We do believe we're operating in some of the fastest-growing categories because of our D&E potential longer term. And so, we're really focused on category development and internally, we call it development of the white space for us. But we also recognize that the last couple of years have been a little slower and so we are working to see, hey, when do we get back onto that track. That said probably, and you may not find earth shattering news from us, but it's probably going to result in greater focus and more intentional development of some of our categories and geographies.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Got it. So, we shouldn't expect anything like in Analyst Day or presentation or anything? That was, all right, I also thought that's what is going to come out of this, but it sounds like no.
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: We give you our 2018 guidance; we'll give you an update on where we're at, at that stage so.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks Ali.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Hey, Jason.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey. Hey, good morning, folks. Thanks for the question. I guess, I want to pick up on Ali's line of questioning, because I think his line of questioning was very much focused in terms of the long-term trajectory and the intrinsic value of the company. And I think that's important because as I've had lots of conversations from investors, there's really been two sticking points for people. One is the path to return to the type of growth that you used to be able to realize in Personal Care, and the second is the glide path to where margins can go in Tissue and Professional, particularly with the consternation of private label, price aggression. So, I was hoping you could delve in a little bit more deeply there. You mentioned category growth has slowed, can you give us some more context around what you think the drivers are and what levers may be there to get us back to reacceleration? And then a little bit deeper on the Consumer Tissue side. The results today are likely to do nothing other than sort of fuel those concerns with margins sort of rolling in that business, pricing under pressure despite input cost inflation, is there reason to believe that private label competitive dynamics in that market are indeed going to be ratcheted a lot higher on the forward and likely going to be causing some  a minimal cap on margins there, if not some downward pressure?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Okay. A lot of questions, Jason, we'll do the best we can on those, so coming back to the growth path and some of the drivers of weaker categories, I mean, in Personal Care and baby and child care in particular, it's been birthrate-related in a lot of the developed markets. So we had kind of projected 2016 was going to be a flat birthrate year. In the second quarter, we got the final fourth quarter numbers that showed it down 2% for the fourth quarter, which brought the full year down 1%. So that obviously has caused category growth to be weaker than we would've anticipated going into 2017. Korea's birthrate, I think, we got the final 2016 numbers, was down 7%, which is a pretty big, big drop. So I think there is potentially lots of reasons, we don't really understand it at a deep enough consumer insight level, I'd say. But a broad trend is that Millennials are having their children a little later, as long as they have the same number, we're in good shape because the category growth will return. You have to go through the adjustment while that age shift happens from a demographic standpoint. So I think in Latin America, we've seen some of the negative category growth, and that's really economically driven because of some of the economic recession, with GDP per capita going backwards in places like Brazil and Argentina. I'd say in the last couple of share periods in Brazil, we've seen a little bit more positive category growth and things seem to be returning more to an equilibrium there. Argentina is still a little bit volatile, we're seeing negative category trends and positive pricing trends, and so that's putting a lot of pressure on the consumer. In other markets where you're seeing some category negatives were places that had big currency swings last year and where we took pricing and some of that pricing has come back out of the market this year, that would be markets like Russia and other key markets in Eastern Europe. So probably a bunch of things happening, some demographic, some economic, that put pressure on our categories in the first half of the year. On tissue margins, I mean, good progress on KCP in the quarter and continue to see opportunity there as that business builds around the world. On consumer tissue, it's probably always going to be a little bit more volatile and affected by pulp prices. We've seen good progress lately over the last couple of years. We were kind of asked where can it go from there, and we thought that high-teens was kind of the right place for consumer tissue to land in the near to medium term. And if I look at our year-to-date margins in consumer tissue, I think, it's 17.7%, so we are in the ballpark, it was a little lower than that in the second quarter, that's usually a light facial tissue quarter and we had a little bit higher pulp prices. So I'd say we're not concerned about the current tissue trends. Private-label shares, as you mentioned, are up a tick in towels, but haven't seen a lot of share movement on private label really anywhere at this stage. So I don't know if that covers most of what you had, Jason; I think so.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah, I think, so. And it was a loaded question. So, I will be respectful of other's people time and pass it on.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks, Jason.
Operator: Our next question comes from Olivia Tong with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks, good morning. First, in terms of baby and child care promotion, I mean how much of this is being funded by you versus the retailer? Maybe can you talk about North American price by sort of major product segments, it looks like price was flat overall, but I imagine there is a fair bit of difference in your segment? And I know you are not funding the majority of it, but how are you adjusting sort of your long-term plans to help combat against an environment in which the consumer is starting to get more and more used to lower prices, bigger and better deals particularly in that category? Thank you.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yes, I mean, you are right, Olivia, retailers determine the final finished products selling price in North America and that's the way it's always been. And so we go to market with a consistent trade deal. And then our customers decide how they want to apply those funds and whether they want to invest some of their own funds to attract the young family into their retail environment. And that's kind of been the way the game has been played for a long, long time and that's really not any different now. It was the way Wal-Mart played as they grew and certainly some of the e-commerce players are offering hot deals to try to make sure the family gets converted to their shopping. In terms of how do we flex in that environment, we're trying to make sure we've got a winning product proposition, number one, that you've got great product superiority, you got good marketing and innovation coming, and that you're communicating all of that to the consumer and that's changing with digital and social and all the other tools that we have. But I don't know, Mike, if you want to add any more color on that?
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: No. Yeah, certainly, Olivia, I think funding or you could see it in our numbers, I think, our price levels are comparable versus year ago. I would say probably the softness that we are seeing in the category primarily is driven by retail pricing. I think our overall plan though is and we're not happy about the softness, there is some shift into training pants and I think that's healthy for the category overall except in the way that it's occurring, we're not happy about the impact on our Polis business because some of that is being driven by the lower prices. We are focused on innovation and being the category leaders and trying to drive the category to growth. And that means bringing in innovation, we're the consumer-preferred brand, strong consumer preferred brand proposition and so we're really focused on category driving messaging on the training pant category. And then in diapers, again, we continue to bring news, but we are recognizing we probably need to fine-tune our plans to make sure, and we have done that to make sure that we're competitive on promotion.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thanks. And then I guess in terms of North American consumer tissue, why do you think private labels is gaining the momentum that it is and why do you think there's so much of a push in promotion in tissue because, obviously, I understand the desire to winning new mom in diapers, but it's not as obvious in tissue?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, I think that in some ways, I've got kind of the private-label shares here across our business. If you looked at it, it was up a tick versus the previous quarter and probably paper towels is the area where we've seen the most share growth generally. And if you think about it, there's relatively low cost of product failure in the paper towel category. So if the towel doesn't work, you take another one, as opposed to personal care where if the diaper leaks or the fem pad leaks, you've got a major problem. And so, I think, that's probably been part of it.
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah. And Olivia, I think, the thing that we'll say is, tissue, just like diapers, they tend to be strong traffic drivers for the retailers, and so that's why you're probably seeing some intensified activity there. I think, given what's going on in the economy and the retail environment, there are some external factors that are kind of tailwinds for private-label expansion. However, we do believe that retailers, when they're competing, compete more effectively and successfully with national brands because of that value proposition that's more transparent to brands. And so we really feel like our job is to bring the innovation and the category-driving messaging. And you don't have to look further than what we've done in adult care, I think, if you looked 10 years ago, I think the category had been inverted. We lost our leading share position to private label. The team went back to the brand foundations and really focused on bringing value-added news like Real Fit, and I think that's driven over double-digit share increases in that period and got us back to the right leadership and the right category expansion profile. So we recognize, given the economy, you're going to see some of this fluctuation, but we're focused on bringing innovation and the right messaging for the category.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. And if I can just sneak in one more on feminine care. Can you talk a little bit about the trends post the launch of U by Kotex, because at least from the tracked channel data, it doesn't look like much has changed so far?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Are you asking about fitness?
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, yeah. So I think volumes were down, but we're lapping, Olivia, 10% growth in the year-ago base period. So last year, some of our results benefited by some promotional shipments and then some distribution gains. So our market shares were flat sequentially and down a little bit versus Q2 last year. We did launch UbK fitness. I think we're off to a good start, it's on track. Consumer feedback is strong and we're just rolling out the marketing support behind that launch right now.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Thanks so much. Appreciate it.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks, Olivia.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Wells Fargo.
Bonnie L. Herzog - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Good morning, Bonnie.
Bonnie L. Herzog - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I have a bit of a follow-on question on your consumer tissue business. I was hoping you could touch on some of the executional issues you called out last quarter. Do you guys think you did a better job in Q2, broadly speaking? And then maybe specifically, do you think you did a better job of matching some of the promotions in the quarter with your displays, for instance? And then, where are you at with your price points in your tissue business? I think you guys have mentioned you wanted to sharpen those? And then finally, what other changes have you made to drive better growth in this business?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah. Bonnie, couple of changes. Just for a couple of facts, and I'm assuming most of those questions relate to North America. So our North America volume was down 4% in the second quarter, and that's up against a plus-6% comp in the year-ago base period. So that does reflect some lower promotional shipments and stronger competitive activity that happened in the quarter. Q2 was an improvement versus our 7% decline in the first quarter, but we still have a lot of work to do. We're not satisfied with our performance yet. We have better activity coming up in the second half. We strengthened the promotion calendar. I think our field selling organization is better prepared in the second half with their events. And we fine-tuned some of our pricing, most notably on Kleenex, where we did take a price increase early in the year, the beginning of the year, and we've adjusted some of that on-shelf pricing given the market conditions and we're expecting better results.
Bonnie L. Herzog - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. So bottom line, you think second half, obviously, should ramp in this specific business given things that you can control and just maybe broadly, do you think the competitive environment should ease, or do you expect that to still be pretty heightened?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Don't know. I don't know how to answer that, but we're going to focus on what we control, which is improving our execution.
Bonnie L. Herzog - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then just maybe a quick question on China. You've been lapping some easy price compares in the market now for quite some time. So, I guess, I'm curious what gives you the confidence that this can improve in the second half, especially I guess given that Procter, I think, is about to finally begin rolling out a new diaper product in August, I think?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, I mean, I think a lot of the pricing started in the back half of last year, and so I think, we're just going to start to lap easier price compares in the back half of this year. So I'd say we had some benefit from mix in this quarter as we had a little heavier newborn shipments last year. We still see strong underlying category growth. It's still a tough competitive market. I don't know, Mike, if you want to give any other color on that front?
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, I think, the market and the competitive environment certainly remains very active. But we do think the pricing situation has eased compared to this time a year ago. We remain pretty excited and confident in our China business. We're expecting better volume gains in the second half and for the full year behind double-digit category growth. We do have best-in-class innovation. We rolled out a new tier 7 product earlier this year, and I think, that's performing very well. We've got premium tier diaper pants that are out in the marketplace. So, I think we've got the right innovation and the right products out there, and I think the team is doing a great job. And I think the long-term opportunity for growth in China is huge, as you know, and it's about five times as many births per year and the market size is, depending on what numbers you want to look at, comparable. And so over the long-term, this market is going to be much larger than the U.S. And so we've got a lot of opportunity to grow.
Bonnie L. Herzog - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks, Bonnie.
Operator: The next question comes from Stephen Powers with UBS.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. So, Tom, I think you said in your prepared remarks that you seemed happy with the developing and emerging market progress so far year-to-date relative to your plan. I guess was that a volume comment, or was that a comment reflective of both volume and pricing and overall organic growth?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah. I mean, I would say that it's more directed to volume, but if you look at their results overall, and their sales in dollars, their profit in dollars, they're tracking much closer to their plan.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. So then trying to decompose the roundabout two-point reduction in organic growth outlook from where we started the year, is it really all related to the category volume pressures that you called out related to the U.S. and Korea in birthrates, or just versus the stronger competitive environment that we've also talked about? I'm trying to assess if it's not D&E, and it's not D&E volumes, is it just developed market volumes and birthrate, that really two points? Or there's competition?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: I'd say, no, there's probably two factors. One is currency-related pricing rollback. So as the dollar has weakened relative to where it was a year ago, there's markets like Russia, where we took pretty aggressive pricing and had to roll some of that back this year. You're seeing some of the same factors in Brazil. And then obviously, there's some continued price competition in markets like China. So price is one factor. Some of it related to a weaker dollar that is part of it, and then category growth in developed markets, as we discussed, is probably the other factor.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, so pricing coming back in D&E markets, but no volume, no volume, no positive volume actually?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, and if you look at our decompose of this quarter, it was flat volume, minus 1 price. And a lot of that price rollback was some of the markets where there were some currency-driven pricing last year.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. To Bonnie's question on P&G's upcoming launch, have you factored any  I'm assuming that wasn't in your original outlook. Is there any incremental cushion you baked in for that? Or it sounds like you're kind of assuming kind of business as usual, I'm just trying to assess if that's the case, or if you've baked in some allowances there?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: I'd say business as usual in China as it's a competitive environment with lots of terrific product launches, primarily from our Japanese and other competitors. And so we had assumed going in that China was going to be a competitive environment with lots of competitive launch activity and that has played out. And so I would say, again our team is focused on beating the best product in the market. And if that is P&G with this launch, then that will be who we're aiming at. But at this point, in recent times, it's been more the Japanese players that have had significant product news that we've been up against.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, that's fair enough. And just if I could sneak in one more, I asked about this last call too, just want to see if we're still on the same trajectory. I think $800 million to $1 billion in buybacks was the outlook coming into the year, you seem to be running ahead of that, just want to checkpoint there? And then also on interest expense you had assumed that would be down, I know that you've got some August notes you're going to reissue. But it also seems like you issued more debt in the quarter than I expected. So what's the outlook on those two numbers as well, if I could? Thanks.
Maria G. Henry - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Sure. On the buyback, the $800 million to $1 billion is still the right number for the year. We're on track with that. And in terms of the interest expense, we did some pre-funding on the $950 million that comes due in August, which is why you see a higher debt number at the end of the quarter, but that should normalize. And the debt that we'll take out in August is a pretty high coupon, it's 6.125%, and so that will be replaced with lower interest rate debt and that should bring the interest expense down for the year.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Perfect. Thank you so much.
Maria G. Henry - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yep.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks, Stephen.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Hi, Nik.
Nik Modi - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah. Good morning, everyone. Good morning. Just two quick questions. There's been a lot of commentary recently at least this earnings season from a variety of companies on the U.S. weakening. And I mean we have our own theories, I'm just curious on kind of your assessment from the company's standpoint on what's driving the sequential deterioration? And then the second question is, just wanted to understand did the amount of promotions, particularly in North America, pickup as the quarter went on or has it been more steady? Thanks.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah. In terms of the U.S. category growth rate, as we looked at that year-over-year, I mean, the big driver is infant and child care in terms of why we're down. If you kind of look across the categories, adult care is still growing mid-single digits. Baby wipes is still growing low single digits. FemCare is pretty flat. Consumer tissue is pretty flat. And value of infant and child care is down 5%, it's like 1% volume and 4% price. And so net-net, our total categories were down 1% with a good chunk of it being driven by birthrate and then competitive pricing activity in baby and child care.
Nik Modi - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. And then on the promotion question?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Promotion side, I mean, I wouldn't say it's more competitive. Mike, maybe you have a different view of that?
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, Nik, no, I would say comparable to the first quarter. And I think, well, birthrate is a driver in the diaper business, and there is multiple reasons for that, including the hypothesis around the way in household formation. There is a decline in some Hispanic household births. So, that's one side. But I think the competitive activity has been, I would say, at a higher level than we've experienced in recent years. And that probably started in the back half of last year and has persisted through Q1 and now Q2. And certainly we recognize the need to adjust and fine tune our promotional plans and strategy and we're doing that.
Nik Modi - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great, thanks a lot.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks Nik.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Good morning.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Good morning, Kevin.
Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC: So first question, this is picking up on Steve's question, can you quantify for us and bridge the 2% organic sales growth that you were targeting at the start of the year and now sort of flattish, and specifically how much of it is a slowdown in the category, is that a point versus how much is maybe market share losses that were not anticipated? And then related to that, so your guidance now suggests something like up modestly, maybe up 1% in the back half of the year, what's implied in that from an industry growth perspective? And then I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, I mean, I think we've probably given you about as much detail on this as I can give you. I'm just kind of looking in January, I think if you recall, organic volume was up 2% and price was going to be similar to up slightly. And now we're going to tell you our volume is up slightly and price is probably going to be down slightly. And so, if that's helpful.
Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC: It's helpful, but what's the expectation for the industry? So in other words, I mean, is there an expectation that you're going to see market share in the back half of the year?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: I'd say our expectation is that our share should improve relative to where we are in the first half of the year. I'd expect the birthrate change isn't going to shift quickly. So, given that we had the 2% decline in births in the U.S. in the fourth quarter, that's going to roll over into this year. And I don't think the Korean birthrate that we talked about is going to turn around quickly either. So I think you are going to see some of the continued drag on category, and then we'll see where share falls out.
Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then one follow-up, just sticking with the share question. So we're kind of limited here for now, it's a bit of a blackbox in terms of what's going on online across categories, not specifically the ones that you are participating in. Would we draw any wrong conclusions by looking at the share trends in the Nielsen data? Are you seeing drastically different share trends for your business online? Because I guess, the way we look at it now, it's a challenging environment, but the market share performance for your portfolio has certainly been difficult. I mean as I look at it over the most recent 12 weeks, you've lost market share to varying degrees across your portfolio. Are you seeing something similar in the online channel? Or is there very different dynamics going on? So any commentary there would be helpful? And I guess if the answer is, it looks similar, are investment levels appropriate now, both with respect to trade investment, and with respect to advertising and marketing? Does that need to move higher? Is the cost of business moving higher, even while category growths are slowing? So any commentary there would be helpful. And that's it for me. Thank you.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, I think, Kevin, certainly the offline and non-measured share performance is better than the measured at this point. Our online growth is accelerating and our shares continue to grow. That said, I think we're not happy with our share performance in North America, and we are fine-tuning our plans to make sure that our share performance improves in the back half.
Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes. Hi. Good morning. So I just had a couple of follow-up questions. One on Consumer Tissue. So first, can you just clarify for us, it looks like pulp costs have increased versus April. But then, it also seems like you're not really able to transfer those cost increases to retailers. Can you just confirm that that's just because of the retail transformation that we're seeing especially in your categories? And is there any expectation that that is going to change as input costs potentially continue to increase?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah. There's no question, pulp prices are up sequentially, and our outlook is for them to moderate a bit in the back half of the year because our full year outlook for pulp price is slightly below what the current market price is. And up until this point, it hasn't resulted in any major finished product selling price increases, and I think the question is going to be more on the expected outlook for pulp. And if people are expecting that to moderate, which at the moment they are, that makes it a little tougher to pass finished product selling prices along. And so, at this point, it hasn't resulted in finished product pricing. We have gotten some pricing in our Professional business. And they've had some similar trends on secondary fiber as you've seen on virgin fiber, but again, it is tough broadly getting selling price increases in developed markets at this point.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then just on the competitive environment where you've talked about market share losses, I think this question was asked earlier, but could you just clarify for us how much of this is coming from, like, your primary competitor, like Procter? And how much of it is coming from smaller players? So asked another way, are you seeing, especially, as consumers are shopping more and more online, are you seeing a higher growth in potentially niche brands or private label, specifically online?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Are you talking about any particular market, Faiza?
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I would say North America specifically, and maybe more so on the diaper side, or just infant child care?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, I mean, so I'd say, in North America broadly, our shares have been fairly similar sequentially, and I think we're down about 1 point year-on-year. In infant care, Procter has picked up most of that behind their Easy Ups launch last year. I think in another category, I think Mike commented on FemCare, I think it's down two-tenths sequentially and there is not much to talk about there. Adult care, I think we're up four-tenths sequentially. And if you look at some of the tissue brands, kind of a similar story. Facial tissue, we're down a couple of points year-over-year and up a tenth sequentially. Dry bath, we're down 1 point year-on-year and up 1 point sequentially. Paper towels, we're down a little under 1 point year-on-year and up a tenth sequentially. And so, yeah, a little bit better, kind of a mixed performance sequentially and a little bit down year-on-year and most of it with the exception of paper towels has been other branded competitors.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Iain Simpson with Socit Gnrale.
Iain E. Simpson - Socit Gnrale SA (UK): Thank you very much. Morning all. A couple of questions, please. Firstly, could you just talk us through where both pulp and reclaimed paper costs are at year-on-year and how you expect that to progress in the second half? And how we should think about its impact on pricing in both Consumer Tissue and Professional? And secondly, I guess, a much wider question. I think the U.S. is almost unique amongst developed markets in having a branded Consumer Tissue category where companies can actually earn a return meaningfully in excess of their cost of capital. What sort of gives you comfort that this is sustainable and that what we're seeing now isn't the start of a slide where the U.S. Consumer Tissue ends up looking like Europe or Australia where it's almost completely commoditized? Thanks very much.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Okay, on the pulp question. We typically quote eucalyptus pricing, because that's our biggest virgin fiber category. So our outlook is for $950 to $975 a ton on average for the year. I think the current market price is a little bit above that. And that compares to about $850 last year. So it's about $100 to $125 a ton would be our call up year-on-year. Secondary fiber, our call, again, there's a wide variety of grades that you can buy there. We're looking at a double-digit increase versus 2016 and it's in the low $200 a ton for the typical grade that we look at. And the broader margin question, I mean, we do have Consumer Tissue businesses all over the world and with some wide ranging market structures. So U.S. has consistently been a pretty high margin market, but we have other markets like Peru, for example, or Mexico that are similarly very, very profitable high margin markets for us. And even, yeah, markets like Korea and Australia are still reasonably good performing markets. And so we think the strength of brand and innovation in North America is justifying the value that we're delivering. And we've got scale and efficiency here and that seems to be playing out and supporting the margin levels for most of the players in the category.
Iain E. Simpson - Socit Gnrale SA (UK): Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone. So Tom, just back on your comments on, and I think Mike as well alluded for emerging market. And I understand, of course, China, you are probably lapping what you mentioned in terms of price declines. But I was curious about Brazil, you mentioned that you're probably growing mid single-digits. You also commented about Russia, which similar to Brazil, you have some kind of like return of the FX kind of like now becoming a tailwind. How can we layer that with, for example, in Brazil, one of your competitors consolidating, the same competitor that consolidated in Mexico, is the competitive environment getting marginally worse there so you have to kind of pull back some of the pricing, some of the promotions into pricing which we're seeing by other multinationals there doing the same thing? Or how should we think, which goes against of course the economy has been improving from its bottom, but if you think about like competitive environment getting worse as we marginally think about Brazil pricing?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, I mean, I would have said, at least the economic environment in Brazil is getting marginally better, and we've seen that in a little bit healthier category trends in the last couple of share periods. And it's been a competitive environment throughout. So I wouldn't say that we've seen a big step-up in Brazil competitive activity. Mike, I don't know, you were just down there not long ago, so you may have a different comment to add?
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, I think we're cautiously optimistic about both maybe Brazil and Argentina about the economy showing signs of improvement, although that hasn't fully translated into our categories yet. However, yeah, I think you're right, the competitive environment remains active and probably throughout our second quarter, maybe what we're getting is more volume than price. And I think the team has adjusted their plans to be able to plan that environment little more effectively. What they've done is improved their lower-tiers or their Tier 2 product to make that more competitive and then adjusted some price packs to make the on-shelf affordability better. So I, I think we're cautiously optimistic about Latin America. I think the team is largely on track with what they set out for the year. And then, with CEE, which you mentioned in Russia, we're pretty excited about that business. Even though they still have tough economic conditions, I think the consumer still demonstrates that they're willing to spend in our categories. We're up double-digits organically up there in Russia. We've got winning products. The team is executing great in store, we look great on-shelf and you can see it in their share, we're up about 1 point in the quarter in share, as you can see in that performance.
Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC: This is very helpful. Is it fair to say that on those countries specifically and including I'd say layer in your Kimberly-Clark Mexico partners seeing the same thing, is that the fragmentation of the brands not happening that much yet, right, as far as, I mean, we're in different problems, I should say, in emerging markets vis--vis what you see here in the U.S. You don't see yet like the same folks, I think, Walmex definitely does their part on Mexico but from the retail standpoint, you don't see them pushing for pricing the same way or promotions the same way as we're seeing in developed markets. Is that a fair assumption?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: I mean, I think it's a little different in each market. In Brazil, there's probably 30 or 40 diaper brands if you looked across every state in Brazil, and some are just tiny and you might have called them a private label, but they're just in one region or one state. And they wouldn't typically pop up on even the Nielsen data. So you have seen the trends, the consolidation around the bigger brands over time and that's not really changing. And Mexico, we continue to have very strong shares. Pablo and the team down there have done a great job. And I'd say it's about the same number of other players, they occasionally change owners, Mabesa was acquired by Ontex, et cetera, but it hasn't really fundamentally changed the competitive position from that standpoint. And Russia is mostly the international players, it's us and P&G and the Japanese players are present there for the most part.
Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, thank you. Very helpful.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks, Andrea.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. I just have one quick follow-up. So one thing we know that Procter is changing in China, it's not just an upcoming launch but also their sales force coverage. They talked about adding 600 people to cover the mom and baby channel in China. So could you just share with us a little bit about your sales model in China, if you've dedicated coverage for channels, et cetera? Thanks.
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah. We do have dedicated channel coverage. We do concentrate more in the larger cities. So we probably won't have those head count numbers that our competitor is talking about. The other thing that I would point out Lauren is that almost the majority of our business now is sold online, and so that's where a lot of our resourcing and our strategy is focused on. But the baby channel is very important to us, we've got great coverage there, we've got a great team there and we've been performing very well in that channel.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: At this time, we have no other questioners in the queue.
Paul J. Alexander - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: All right. Well, we thank everyone for your questions and we'll wrap up with a comment from Tom.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, once again it's a challenging environment and we're looking forward to showing you we can deliver growth in the second half of the year. And thank you, again, for your support of Kimberly-Clark.
Paul J. Alexander - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's presentation. You may disconnect your phone lines and thank you for joining us this morning.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul J. Alexander - Kimberly-Clark Corp. Maria G. Henry - Kimberly-Clark Corp. Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp. Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly-Clark Corp.
Analysts: Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc. Wendy C. Nicholson - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC Nik Modi - RBC Capital Markets LLC Bonnie L. Herzog - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience and holding. We now have your presenters and conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today's presentation, we will open the floor for questions. And at that time, instructions will be given as to the procedures to follow if you would like to ask a question. It is now my pleasure to introduce today's first presenter, Mr. Paul Alexander.
Paul J. Alexander - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Here with us today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mike Hsu, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Maria Henry, CFO. Here's the agenda for our call. Maria will begin with a review of first quarter results. Tom will then provide his perspectives on our results and the outlook for the full year. We'll finish, as usual, with Q&A. We have a presentation of today's materials in the Investors section of our website. Now, as a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the risk factors section of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. Lastly, we'll be comparing 2017 results with 2016 adjusted results, which exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. The release has further information about these adjustments. And now, I'll turn it over to Maria.
Maria G. Henry - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining our call today. Let me start with the headlines for the quarter. Total sales were even year-on-year with organic sales down 1%. We achieved strong cost savings which helped us improve our margins and grow earnings per share. And we're on track with our overall capital plan. Now let's take a look at the details starting with sales. Our first quarter net sales were $4.5 billion. That's even year-on-year, with a 1-point benefit from currency rates. Organic sales fell 1% in the quarter and Tom will provide more color on our top line results in just a few minutes. On profitability, gross and operating margins were each up 30 basis points year-on-year. First quarter gross margin was 36.9% and operating margin was 18.6%. The margin improvements included good progress in developing and emerging markets. Our FORCE cost savings for the quarter were $110 million. So we're off to a good start relative to our full year savings target of at least $400 million. Commodities were a $35 million drag that was mostly offset by currency benefit. On the bottom line, first quarter earnings per share were $1.57, up 3% year-on-year, while our equity income reduced earnings by $0.02 per share, offset by a lower effective tax rate. Now let's take a look at cash flow. Cash provided by operations in the first quarter was $436 million and in line with our expectation. Cash flow was down compared to $553 million in the year-ago quarter, driven by higher tax payments this year. On capital allocation, first quarter dividend payments and share repurchases totaled more than $600 million. That includes $300 million of share repurchases. We continue to expect that for the full year dividends and share repurchases will total between $2.2 billion and $2.4 billion. Looking at the segments; in Personal Care, organic sales were even year-on-year. Organic sales increased 6% in developing and emerging markets, but were down elsewhere. Overall Personal Care operating margins were 21.4%, up 110 basis points. The improvement was driven by cost savings, higher volumes and favorable currencies. In Consumer Tissue, organic sales were down 3% driven by North America. Consumer Tissue operating margins were strong at 18.9%, that's up 20 basis points. In K-C Professional, organic sales in the quarter were even with prior year. K-C Professional operating margins were 19%, down 70 basis points. The comparison was impacted by cost inflation and strong results last year. So let me recap. We achieved significant cost savings and improved our margin. We delivered bottom line growth in a challenging environment. And we continue to allocate capital in shareholder friendly ways. I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thank you, Maria, and good morning, everyone. Since Maria covered the financial details for the quarter, I'll focus my comments on our organic sales in the quarter and then on our full year outlook. As Maria just mentioned, our organic sales were down 1% in the quarter. So, in January, we said that growth would be higher in the second half of the year compared to the first half largely due to comparisons. That said our first quarter organic sales were somewhat below my expectations, most of that coming from North America. In North America, our organic sales fell 3% in our consumer businesses, and that reflects the combination of category softness, greater competitive activity, and lower promotional shipments. Overall category growth across all channels, including e-commerce, was about 0.5% in the quarter, and that's about 1.5 points below what it was for the full year 2016. In terms of our key businesses in North America, our Personal Care volumes were off by 1%. In infant and child care, our volumes overall were down low-single digits, which is probably in line with the mega category. Category consumption continues to shift out of diapers and into training pants, and volume growth in e-commerce is continuing to accelerate. Our market share overall was even year-on-year and up 1 point sequentially in infant and child care. In Consumer Tissue, our volumes were down 7%, mostly in bathroom tissue. Results were impacted by competitive activity and lower promotional shipments than last year. We've got a stronger promotional calendar scheduled for the balance of the year. We expect better performance going forward in North America particularly the back half of the year when our comparisons get a little easier. Our planned product innovations will also help drive our growth in the near term. That includes the introduction of U by Kotex Fitness in our feminine care business, improvements to Huggies diapers and baby wipes, and some new Kleenex facial tissue offerings. In addition, we're placing even more focus on the execution of our sales and retail merchandising strategies with stronger programming going forward. In terms of the category overall, trends were a little better in the last part of the first quarter, so we're cautiously optimistic that market growth will get back to more normal levels over time. Moving onto developing and emerging markets, we delivered 4% organic sales growth in this part of our business, and performance and category conditions were broadly in line with our expectations from January. Looking at some of our key markets, in China, organic sales in diapers were up low-single digits as strong double-digit volume growth was mostly offset by lower selling prices. While the promotion environment remains competitive, we're optimistic that pricing won't be as negative in 2017 as it was in 2016. We also have several innovations on Huggies launching in the second quarter. In Brazil, our organic sales in Personal Care were up high-single digits compared to a decline of 5% in the year-ago period. Category demand remains down in Brazil and our team there continues to innovate and has product improvements in market on diapers and feminine care. In Argentina, our organic sales in Personal Care were up low-double digits, driven by higher selling prices. We re-launched Huggies diapers late in the quarter and that helped us deliver modest volume growth despite category volumes being down double digits. At Eastern Europe, organic sales in diapers were similar year-on-year. Volumes were up double digits again this quarter with continued benefits from innovations in Russia. Selling prices were down, reflecting price rollbacks last year following the strengthening of the Russian ruble. Lastly, in developed markets outside of North America, organic sales were down 2%, mostly in South Korea. We expect results there to pick up as the year progresses including benefits from innovation launches. Now, moving onto our outlook and our specific targets for the year; we expect sales to increase 1% to 2% in 2017. The currency impact on sales should be neutral overall, which is about 2 points better than what we expected in January. Regarding organic sales, we also expect growth of 1% to 2%, and that compares to our original estimate of approximately 2% and reflects our first quarter results, the category conditions in North America, and slightly lower price realization due to improved currencies. Regarding earnings, while the currency outlook has improved, our cost inflation estimate has increased by $75 million on average compared to our assumption in January. In total though, we're still planning that the net impact of changes in currencies, commodities and selling prices will be a mid-to-high single digit drag in our bottom line. That's consistent with our original plan for the year although with a different mix of these factors. Altogether, we continue to target earnings per share of $6.20 to $6.35 for 2017. And that's up 3% to 5% year-on-year. So, in summary, we're investing in our brands and growth initiatives to help us grow and compete effectively. We're managing our company with financial discipline. And we continue to be optimistic about our opportunities to create long-term shareholder value. That wraps up our prepared remarks, and now we'll begin to take your questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Good morning, Lauren.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I just had a couple of questions, not surprisingly, on North America Personal Care. So first was just overall from a category perspective. Does it feel to you like there's been some sort of tipping point in terms of where consumers are shopping in these categories? Meaning the Nielsen tracked versus untracked, because the data obviously looked, from a category perspective, looked far worse than what you've said in terms of what you guys are seeing on category growth. And it looks like it's dramatically different since the start of this year versus end of 2016. So that was my first question.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: I'll let Mike Hsu give you a little bit more color on that, but we've certainly seen a pretty strong uptick in e-commerce. And that's a trend that's happening in lots of places, but it did seem to accelerate in the U.S. in the last couple of quarters.
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, Lauren, I do think maybe a shift upwards in e-commerce sales and other channels that are not scanned by Nielsen. I think if you look at the diaper category specifically, in Nielsen xAOC, you probably would've seen a high-single digit decline in volume, but across all outlets that was probably down about low-single digits across all outlets. And so, you are seeing maybe an increasing shift to e-commerce. I will say there's probably a lot written about this topic, but our relationships across all channels are strong. Our strategy is not just manage (11:58) or pick winners across retailers, and so we do fund customers on the same program across all channels, and then we tailor our execution support to support our customer-specific strategies.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Okay. And then, also the data that Tom cited on category performance and actually market share performance for the infant and child care business, just sort of discussing what wasn't mentioned, it feels like then perhaps adult and fem care is where the sort of more material under-performance versus the categories were. So if you can just talk about that and the outlook on those businesses it would be great.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, go ahead, Mike.
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, in adult care, I think I'd say our volumes overall year-on-year are about similar versus year ago, and our comparisons were actually probably impacted by the base period year ago where we had strong double digit growth. We are affected a little bit I would say by strong competitive activity in the category. Price promotion remains elevated in adult care. Our market share is strong at 54%, but that is down 2 points versus where we were a year ago. The category overall is up mid-single digits, and we expect mid-single to high-single digit growth for the balance of the year, so we still think adult care has a lot of growth in it both in the short term and the long term. We've got a strong innovation plan. We're launching a boy's overnight pad this year that's great. And then we'll continue and invest to make sure we're competitive in the marketplace.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: And, Lauren, fem care was down, I think, mid-singles, and part of that's timing of launch. We've got the fem care U by Kotex Fitness launch coming. That starts in the second quarter. So we expect to see a little stronger calendar in the back half of the year.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And do you have pretty good visibility on that in terms of shelves estimate? Feels like there's been some de-listings of other fem care brands. So is that freeing up space for you guys or is it coming out of your own existing space?
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: I'd probably say it's a bit of a mix, but obviously, for us, our goal is to get incremental space. And we're launching U by Kotex Fitness, it's got some pretty good traction and excitement from our customers, and so we're getting the right shelving and space for that. It's a very innovative product. From our side, the product is very tailored for fitness or exercise with real product differentiation there, so we're excited about it.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks, Lauren.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wendy Nicholson with Citi Research.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Hey, Wendy.
Wendy C. Nicholson - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. Hi. Good morning. Two things just following up on Lauren's line of questioning on the online stuff; can you tell us at this point, specifically your U.S. Personal Care business, how much of that is online versus through traditional trade? And second thing, I'm having a little bit of trouble understanding why there would be sort of some inflection point January 1, 2017, all of a sudden, online really starts to grow that much faster because, as Lauren said, the tracked channel data just kind of fell off a cliff. Was there more promotional activity online? Was there greater assortment online? Is there anything that you can speak to specifically either about your business or about the category, and I'm really thinking about Personal Care specifically that would represent such a shift just over the last few months?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, Wendy, I guess a couple of things I would say. Number one, giving you an accurate e-commerce or online versus off-line share is pretty tough for us to do because there's a lot of our traditional brick and mortar customers that do quite a bit of click-and-collect. And so we don't really have any visibility of that because it goes into their existing distribution system and into their existing stores and they take off their shelves. So Amazon will be a big one that isn't in the tracked data that probably is the gap. And maybe  and again, they've had a strong quarter across lots of businesses, including ours. And I don't know, Mike, if you want to comment any more about anything that you're seeing in that specific space?
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, I think, Wendy, the only thing I would add is that, obviously, the resellers have decided that mom is very important to them, and there's a strong battle to win mom. We have seen some retail price competitiveness across channels both from bricks and mortar and online, and that's probably driving some price competition and price decline into the market, which has accelerated the shift to some degree this year. Just to give you an example, I think in the diaper category, infant/child care mega category across training pants, diapers, infant care and child care, the category volume overall across all outlets is down 1% in volume, but down 5% in net sales. So that gives you an indication of the price deflation.
Wendy C. Nicholson - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. But there's been a lot written about, oh, with all of the shift in terms of where people shop, Walmart's going to be coming back and putting pressure on the manufacturers. Is there any  I know you said, hey, we treat all our customers equally, but in terms of incremental promotional spending that you are planning, I know you said for the back half you'll be spending more on promo, but that's been in the plans for a while. That's not a specific function of Walmart coming back and saying, hey, you need to be more friendly to us given the changing dynamics and where people shop. Is that right?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: I guess I would just call it  if you look at the North American price was pretty neutral quarter-on-quarter. So that would be an indication that we're not funding additional competitive spend activity.
Wendy C. Nicholson - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. Okay. And then I just had a quick short question on China. I know, Tom, you said specifically that you are hoping that in 2017 pricing in China won't be as negative as it was last year. Is that a statement about something you're already seeing in the market? Or is that your confidence in sort of what's going with the Chinese consumer? Or what's driving your optimism about the Chinese pricing environment? Thanks.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, if you look at the pricing in Q1 versus fourth quarter last year was pretty similar. So we didn't really see further degradation. All the price decline was a carryover effect of things that happened in the first half of last year. So we would feel like it seems to have stabilized at this point in time. And the good news is you're still seeing really strong category volume growth. And so, our pricing comps will get a lot more favorable in the back half, which gives us some confidence on our organic top line outlook.
Wendy C. Nicholson - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Terrific. Thank you.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks, Wendy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. A few questions from me too. One is, so just from a short-term perspective, at least for the next 12 months short-term, your organic guidance range just really ticks down a little bit, so that 1% to 2% relative to the about 2%, which really just suggest that the rest of the year will be kind of what you had anticipated when you gave the guidance the first time around at the start of the year. And I'm still having kind of trouble understanding that. It feels a little optimistic to me. And at least, very simplistically, we look at things like even in the D&E markets, sequentially looks a little better, but the two-year stack just keeps looking like it's getting worse. The North America business, clearly, as you said yourself, a little bit worse than expected. Pricing competition, maybe you're not driving the competition yet, although looks like in Nielsen just recently you start to match, but a lot more competition in the U.S. So, look, I'm not (19:46) accuse me of being generally optimistic, but it looks like you guys are being relatively optimistic that nothing is going to get worse, and it's just going to go back to what you anticipated before this less than expected quarter. So, I guess, can you help me quantify how that gap will be closed?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, I guess I'd say, Ali, the year started out a little slow. Jan, Feb and March was much better. When we look at that and the plans that we have rolling forward with some of the innovation that we've got coming, that's what gives us some confidence. Our comps get quite a bit easier in the back half. So we knew the first half was going to be a tougher comparison to deliver organic growth. And we've got good momentum in a lot of markets around the world. I'd say the two factors were probably  and the call down of the top line was a little slower start in Consumer Tissue in North America, and then some price rollbacks in markets where there was pretty big price recovery last year and no other currencies have strengthened. So Brazil and Russia in particular have been places where the currency was pretty weak last year, and we took a lot of price and some of that snapped back. But we'll give you an update as the year progresses. We call it, as you know, down the middle of how we see the fairway, and we'll keep updating as we go through the year.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. And just on the, I guess, shape of the fairway, (21:15) a little bit on North America, clearly, that looked pretty tough. And you talked about some things that seem like they might get better, including March, but it just seems like there's a lot more competition in the space, whether it be, again, some of that private label stepping in, whether it be Procter & Gamble directly, it does feel like some retailers like Walmart are reacting a little bit to preemptively stopping the ALDIs or the (21:43) are coming through. Although that's small, they don't want to get them to be too big, a bigger tilt towards Amazon, where I think at least in the U.S. your shares are lower, you said before publicly versus off-line. So I guess I'm trying to figure out more broadly why there won't be more secular challenges? And this maybe not just impacting you guys, but just overall in the sector, what do you guys see from those elements, again, competition getting tougher, retailers clearly struggling to gain share from each other, tilt towards Amazon going forward, and how do you think that actually impact you guys and the sector broadly, because it does feel like those are secular challenges?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, I guess we would say that 1% to 2%, we still feel like relative to our long-term goal of 3% to 5% reflects some of those secular challenges.
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah. And Ali, I think while I certainly acknowledge that the North American environment's gotten more challenging than it was last year. I don't think our first quarter Consumer Tissue is how we planned to perform for the balance of the year. We are expecting our execution to improve. We recognize that it's gotten a little bit more price competitive and we will be competitive in the marketplace. But a lot of it comes down to how we execute in the stores. And I think we are expecting to improve our execution of the stores.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: And so just my last question on that flows right in there, which is just your 3% to 5% long term, do you think  it used to be that you guys are delivering 3% to 5%, and then really toward the high-end of that. Emerging markets clearly slowed down, competition clearly picked up, and now we're in this kind of low-end, obviously, below that low-end of that guidance for this year. Any kind of views on the 3% to 5% sustainability over long-term? Do you still think that's sustainable?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yes. We do. In fact, Mike, maybe will comment on this because he's taking a refreshed look at the long-term strategic plan, which we won't unpack all the details for you this morning, but I'd say we still see strong category growth potential, particularly in a lot of the emerging markets. So maybe, Mike, do you want to comment just a little bit on that?
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, definitely, Ali, strong potential long-term, particularly D&E. If you think about it with continued household formation, wealth creation, emergence of the middle class in a lot of these countries, our categories are still, I think, fairly early in our growth cycle, particularly if you think about fem care, diapers, adult care especially, and so we do see long-term growth. Now, what we see near-term volatility or cyclical volatility as we're experiencing over the last year and a half or so, yes, that's probably the case. But I think right now, we are building plans to kind of keep us in that range. But, obviously, with some of these new conditions, we haven't fully analyzed what just started happening in North America this January. So I think our analysis will continue to evolve. But, right now, we are still shooting for 3% to 5% range.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks very much, as usual, guys.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks, Ali.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Good morning, Kevin.
Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC: Just to come back to the guidance and the acceleration there, Tom, how reliant is the improvement in the back half on category improvement? And is that something you can put a number on for us? And then I have a follow-up.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, I think as you look at some of the price competition in China that's rolling off, what we're seeing is the underlying category has been robust from a volume standpoint. It's just been masked by some of the price challenges, and so we feel pretty solid that that's going to continue and flow through. There are other markets like Brazil, Argentina, where the economy hasn't yet really turned substantially. There's still a fair amount of price recovery to go in Argentina to get back to a more equilibrium state, and so there's probably some question marks there. On the other hand, Russia and other parts of Eastern Europe still seeing actually strong category growth there even though the economy hasn't fully recovered. And North America, I'd say it's a mixed bag. On the Personal Care front, we still see good category growth in adult care. We've got good innovation coming in fem care. Actually, the growth in the training pant category and out of diapers favors us given our share with Pull-Ups, so we feel pretty good about that. And Consumer Tissue is one where we just got to step up our execution a bit and make sure we're getting our fair share of that category. So I wouldn't say it's dependent on improvement in category growth, it's more sustaining what we see happening and then executing against it.
Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC: And Tom, just to stick with that for a moment, if I may. So, in North America, your slide suggests overall category growth of about 0.5% in the quarter. That was down 150 basis points relative to 2016. So, more specifically, the improvement in North America embedded in your guidance, which implies like 1.5% to 3% for the balance of the year from down 1%. So, specifically, and maybe you don't want to put a number on it and that's fine, but is that something you can put a number on for us?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, I don't think we could probably give you an accurate read on that specifically. And I think we'd probably say we're still trying to exactly figure it out what happened with the consumer in North America in the first quarter. There's been lots of theories. You've seen a little bit of category weakness across lots of places. So how much of it is broader economic slowdown, which you don't seem to be seeing in other areas? The job report was a little weak but not substantially so. So that's still probably what we're trying to dial in a little bit more precisely.
Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thanks. So just one follow-up, if I may, and some of this has sort of been discussed, but maybe I'll ask it a little bit differently. So some of the commentary and what's been written around Walmart and the pricing posture and them looking to sort of solidify their lead as the price leader along with sort of underscoring an emphasis on private label, Tom, are those discussions, and, Mike, are those discussions different now? And maybe don't comment on Walmart specifically. I wouldn't expect that. But, just broadly, are you feeling more pressure on the manufacturers at this point? That would be number one. Number two, all this promotion that we're seeing, which is not just unique to your categories, there's a number of others of course. How much of this, in your sense, is being funded by the retailers versus that which is being funded by  I'm sorry. How much is being funded by the manufacturers versus how much is being funded by the retailers? And then, lastly, are you seeing greater emphasis on private label at this point? Or is that a bit over-emphasized or overdone in terms of what's being written? Thank you.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: It's a pretty long question, Kevin. We'll do the best we can with that.
Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC: Sorry.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: I guess I would start. Price competition among retailers is not a new phenomena and it's maybe heating up a bit. Ultimately, finished product selling prices are retailers' responsibility and you didn't see a lot of price change in our North American numbers. So our trade programs are pretty much intact and maybe I'll let Mike comment a little bit more if you want on private label trends or the general nature of discussions there. I will say this though that when you've got good innovation and strong brands (29:14), it leads to a different discussion than if you don't have those things, it becomes more of an item price discussion.
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, I'd say the private label trends, I think they're category specific. And so I would say, in diapers, probably the brands are holding up pretty strongly. In Consumer Tissue, maybe there's a slight improvement in private label on the (29:38) side. So I think it varies by category. Certainly, I think given the kind of the conditions we're given, we talked about with increasing penetration of online, I think price has gotten  come more to the forefront. And we're having discussions with our customers, but they feel similar to discussions we have most years. And our job is to make sure we provide our customers with the right support. As I said, we do try to fund our customers on similar programs, and what we do tailor is how we support them execution only with promotions and through their own marketing tactics.
Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks, Kevin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Olivia Tong with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Olivia.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: In terms of first on  hi  your revised price mix outlook, sounds like it's primarily just currency related. Currencies are coming in a little bit, so some of the pricing you would've expected to take in emerging markets is no longer justified. But you also talked a lot about some of the things you need to do in North America Consumer Tissue and some other categories. So is that embedded into your outlook? Was that already in the outlook? Or is there something that's  or are you expecting more price mix, price promotion associated with that? And perhaps also where does pricing against incremental commodities inflation stand relative to your whole price mix structure? Thanks.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, I guess I'd say, and maybe Mike can comment a little bit more on North America, but I'd say our overall plan in North America hasn't changed much. We just didn't get it all executed in the marketplace in the first quarter, particularly in Consumer Tissue, and so our plan for the year hasn't changed in terms of what we plan to spend broadly. I don't know, Mike, is there anything else you want to add to that or?
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, I think both in baby and child care and in Consumer Tissue, we are seeing increased promotion intensity. Our goal is to be competitive in the marketplace and we may need to increase our spending in some areas, but again, we have a pretty well established trade promotion effectiveness program, and we try to be very analytical in our approach and make sure we get the right returns on our investment trade.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: And then on the commodities inflation, it's not enough to drive finished product selling prices in most places, and particularly, when you see many of the international markets, the currency turning favorable, it's not a calculus that would lead to a lot of price in markets like that. We are getting some pricing in  where secondary fiber has gone up quite a bit in K-C Professional, we're getting some price recovery. I think there's been more broad price increases across the industry that have been announced recently and so that will give us some benefit. But that's about the only one that I can think of that there's maybe a direct commodity driven price change that we'd see coming this year.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thanks. And then in terms of margins, those have held up fairly well despite the top line slowdown and Personal Care was the particular stand out. And given the level of competitive activity there...
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: (32:54), Olivia.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: No, no, no, I mean they've actually been pretty decent, but just trying to understand some of the key drivers of the improvement there and how you think about the sustainability of that.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Well, we would say brilliant leadership would be right at the top of the list, but jokes aside, we had a great cost savings quarter. $110 million in FORCE cost savings, a great way to start the year. And then that certainly was a driver of that. Good mix of negotiated material savings, pretty good productivity, some of this material specification changes, then an increasing element of that bucket is in some of the distribution and logistics related savings. It's encouraging. I know Maria's a fan of this to see our inventories keep coming down and that not only delivers cash, but also delivers cost savings as we've got less stuff to store and handle. I don't know, Mike, if there's anything else you want to build on that?
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thanks. And then just last question. Your thoughts on sort of the deal environment; growth has obviously slowed first in emerging markets, now a bit more in developed markets. And are there any areas you think where you could expand that could help your growth? And then broadly, what's your view on the M&A environment as a whole right now, given some of the chatter and some of the attempts that have been made not too long ago in the broader HPC space?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: I would say there aren't that many tuck-ins internationally, but there are a few in a few places, but we did a lot of that in the 1990s and really bought up a lot of the market positions that we wanted and we've been able to consolidate some joint ventures into being 100% owned over time. And so it's a relatively light calendar of M&A activity. And yeah, we read all the same chatter that you guys read and, quite honestly, we're more focused on running our own business every day and stay pretty focused on that and don't play too much with the speculation process on what might happen. So, I think so far that's served us well.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks, Tom. Appreciate it.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks, Olivia.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Thank you. I was wondering if you can please elaborate on the inventory levels in North America and China. And we benefit from your comments, but with the shift to online, and I know we discussed a lot of the call, but are you seeing inventory levels increase at the bricks and mortar? And how can  specifically in North America? And how about China? Have you cycled most of the levels of inventory there? I would appreciate. Thank you.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, in terms of retailer inventories, we didn't see a big shift anywhere really, and we have pretty high cube, high velocity categories, particularly in a place like China, where so much of it is e-commerce. Often the e-com players really aren't even holding any inventory. They'll pick up at our distribution center and deliver the same day. And so there's not a lot of inventory in those systems, and I know we've seen some minor shifts in inventory across other channels, but nothing that was significant enough to call out in the quarter.
Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And if I can ask  thank you. This is very helpful. If I can ask on the FORCE program, I know you did not update much, the numbers are still there and you tracked well on the quarter. But how much of it is related to FX and also the commodities environment? Like you see some potential upside there or actually the opposite given that you did translate some of this cost savings might be  as it translates, might be higher, but if you look at the commodity outlook, how you can track that number?
Maria G. Henry - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah. Sure. As Tom mentioned, we did have a strong first quarter and $110 million of savings. And those savings came from across all the areas that our team looked to deliver against. Only one of those areas has to do with sourcing savings, which would be affected by the commodity environment. The tougher the commodity environment, the tougher the negotiations are, but we were very pleased with our team's ability to negotiate that  to continue to negotiate well in the first quarter and we would expect to see that continue through the remainder of the year. In terms of the other areas, though, we expect that we'll continue to drive productivity in our manufacturing operation. Our global supply chain team is partnering well with the regional supply chain teams and the in-country teams to really be focused on driving the manufacturing programs, driving waste out of the system. We've got some momentum there. We continue to build supply chain capabilities in that area, so we feel good about our number of $400 million for the year. One thing that I will note is if you look at our cost saving last year, we will have tougher comps on cost savings in the second half of this year because our cost savings really built throughout last year. But I think with the capabilities we're building and the execution and focus of the teams, we still feel good about that $400 million number for the year.
Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All right. Thank you, Maria and Tom.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks, Andrea.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eve Powers (sic) [Steve Powers] with UBS.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Or Steve. So, first, just a couple of cleanups from your original guidance; I think originally you expected interest expense to come down slightly this year versus 2016, but given how you started the year, should we rethink that? And I guess, maybe as a potential offset, you've maybe guided the buybacks to $800 million to $1 billion, but started off ahead of that pace, so is there some offset there?
Maria G. Henry - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, interest expense, we still expect to be down slightly. We've got a refinancing that's coming up. We have a bond that comes due for $950 million in August, and that's at 6.125%, so we'll replace that with cheaper financing, which will help us. In terms of share repurchases, we're still expecting to do between $800 million and $1 billion this year. We started out a little stronger. As you'll recall, we finished last year with a little bit more cash on hand. We had very strong cash flows last year, so we started out a stronger in the first part of this year.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Cool. And then one more cleanup, which is just on the commodity backdrop, just what you're now assuming full year for oil and pulp and where you expect each to exit 2017? That'd be helpful. But, broader question, maybe this is for Tom, but I was hoping you could comment a bit more on market share trends globally really, because I think you mentioned flat shares in North American Personal Care, but clearly, you under-shipped in Consumer Tissue versus consumption. And overseas, it seems like a mixed bag as well. So just maybe more specific comments on where you're seeing relative market share strength versus weakness? And given that you're not really expecting category improvement going forward, are you embedding improving market share trends instead? Or is it simply sell-in versus sell-out timing that will drive sequential improvement over the balance of the year? Thanks.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Okay. I'll do the best I can with that, Steve, and we'll see, Steve, what I leave left for you to follow-up on. In terms of pulp and oil, we'd say for pulp we're probably up $40 to $50 a ton versus our original guidance in terms of we expect in terms of market pricing for eucalyptus. So we're calling euc at $870 to $900 a ton. And I know the current price is above that, but that's kind of our outlook for the year. Oil we're kind of in the $50 to $60 a ton still, and there may be some upside for us on that depending on where oil shakes. In the meantime, though polymer has actually gone up a bit, as there's been some supply challenges on polymer. And we don't have a lot of direct oil. We do a lot more polypropylene and oils short of the long-term proxy for that, but in the short term, they can go different directions. Swinging to the market share front, if you looked at shares sequentially in North America, they're pretty flat; up in a couple, flat in a few, down in a couple. Year-over-year, particularly in Consumer Tissue is where we had the most negative share comparison. So that was probably a high watermark for Consumer Tissue last year. As you travel around the world, I'd say you'd see relatively stable share positions. Brazil is up in fem care, down a little in diapers; similar story in Argentina. China shares were, I think, pretty flat to down 1-point; Korea, kind of a similar story. Positive shares in Russia, Ukraine, other parts of Eastern Europe on diapers in particular. I don't know, Mike, if there's any other ones that jump out for you? Fem care has probably been our star and that we've had very strong share performance in most markets on fem care.
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yes. The only thing I'd add, I think, certainly, I think in China, holding on pretty very good and doing a good job out there. Central and Eastern Europe, I think we are seeing a pretty good share growth. I think Latin America, as Tom said, pluses and minuses, but we know we need to get our shares pointed in a stronger direction. And then certainly, North America, I think BCC (43:05) or infant child care, shares about flat in the quarter, but most of the other categories a little softer year-on-year versus what we expect. So we know we need to perform better there.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. I just want to  I think it was in response to Kevin's question earlier, you had said over the balance of the year you weren't really expecting much category improvement, but obviously, you're going to sequential improvement. So if shares are roughly neutral, which is what I gather from all of those comments in aggregate, but you're expecting improvement, it seems like you're expecting to be gaining share if you're not expecting the categories themselves to improve. Is that fair or am I missing something?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: I think that's a fair statement. When we get done with this call, Mike and I are going to go in and talk to our team leaders around the company. And one of the things we're going to tell is we're not satisfied with our market shares in the first quarter. So we'd expect to do better as the year progresses.
Paul J. Alexander - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: And Steve, this is Paul. Just remember, similarly to our organic growth trends from last year, the market share trends follow suit. So the comparisons get easier on both metrics as we get into the back half of the year.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. That's fair. Thank you.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nik Modi with RBC.
Nik Modi - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah. Good morning, everyone. So just a couple for me. Globally, maybe you can just provide some perspective, Tom, on the promotional environment. If you're looking for market share gains to accelerate or improve as the year unfolds, do you expect the promotional environment to moderate as well? Is it getting worse? Did you see that in the quarter? And then the second question is my understanding is that you've taken a price increase or a list price increase on Kleenex. And I'm just curious if you've seen Procter follow at this point? Thanks.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: All right. Maybe I'll have Mike comment on both of those, so on promotional environment broadly and then facial pricing.
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, I think the promotional environment is, as you've heard us discuss, I think it's gotten more challenging, and our exception is at this point is that that environment will continue. And so we're going to be prepared to operate in that environment. And I think what we need to do is be competitive with our promotions and the right price points, but be disciplined about how we spent. And so that's the emphasis going forward. With regard to Kleenex, we did do a list price increase beginning of the year, and that has flowed through. I probably won't comment specifically on the profitability impact.
Nik Modi - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Oh, I was asking on P&G, if P&G has followed in the market?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: I'm not aware that there's been any change on their end.
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, I don't believe so.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah. I think the other point, Nik, would be, as we've got innovation coming, you want to use your promotion along with your other strategic marketing tools to drive that. So we've got a pretty strong calendar coming, and so that wouldn't be unusual for us to put more money behind those ideas either.
Nik Modi - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. And just one more thing. I know you guys talked about March getting better versus Jan and Feb, and it just seems like no one really knows what happened in January and February. And I'm wondering if maybe you have any thoughts outside of just a macro comment? Was there anything specific to your business that you saw that really caused the weakness like a dislocation between consumption and inventory or just higher crate spend? Anything you can give us to just get us some perspective around that?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: No, I wish I could tell you the clear answer, because then I would have done something about it before now. But it was  and I think everybody was talking about retail store traffic was down broadly. They can't point to weather. There was theories about late income tax refunds. Again, I don't know why that would necessarily affect our category. But, on the other hand, if you're not in the store shopping, you definitely saw that in terms of retail traffic. Now there was some uptick in e-commerce that balanced off a part of that. We are seeing probably, I don't know, Mike, if you want to comment on this, just a little bit less in terms of the fill-in trips may be part of it as some retailers unpacked that. But I think it's still pretty early to figure out exactly what happened.
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, I think when you have this much going on, which is maybe consumer confidence, the e-commerce shift, and then these theories around the tax. I know that perhaps a lot of  we had debates internally about how farfetched the tax refund timing affect is, but certainly in conversations with retailers, I think many of them believed that with strong conviction. And so, I think there's multiple factors that we don't have enough analysis to be able to tease out exactly what happened, but I do think there was some softening that we saw particularly in January and February, and we came out in March a little bit better.
Nik Modi - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thanks so much.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks, Nik.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Wells Fargo.
Bonnie L. Herzog - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Good morning, Bonnie.
Bonnie L. Herzog - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I just have a couple of quick questions on two of your key markets, China and Brazil. So, first on China, I guess I was hoping you could drill down a little bit more on the pricing dynamics in the market. In the past, you guys have called out currency dynamics versus some of your peers as a key driver behind lower pricing. But I guess it now feels that some of this is also due to general competitiveness in the market. So could you help us better understand the dynamics there? And then on Brazil, could you comment on some of the volume strength you saw during the quarter, which seems to be an improvement versus last quarter? So, curious to hear if you're seeing any improvements in the underlying consumer in Brazil or is this more a reflection of you guys lapping easier compares? Thanks.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, I think on China, a lot of the pricing was really led by some of our other international competitors over the last couple of years almost, and some of that was probably funded by a weaker yen. But I think that seems to have normalized. In the meantime, this is one of the fastest growing markets in the world, and it's not surprising to see everybody chasing after that consumer growth. And so right now, you've got two big U.S.-based players and two big Japanese-based players all chasing growth in the Chinese market. And I think the good news is that pricing seemed to have stabilized in the quarter, although it was down year-on-year, reflecting some of the things that happened in the first quarter last year. On the Brazil front, part of it was we had a lousy start last year in the first quarter, so our comp was easier in that market, and that was why our volume uptick was there. I'd say the shares we've seen in that market are just Jan, Feb, and we had a stronger March, so you could've had a situation there, where maybe shipments were even a little bit ahead of category consumption. But we'll see when we get the next share data. I don't know, Mike, if there's anything else you want to add on either of those markets?
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Well, in Brazil, I think the Q1 Personal Care sales were up high-single digit. And as Tom was saying, we were cycling on a 5% decline in the base period. So volume up, and the net sales price is down slightly. FX obviously contributed a little bit. But the team has really done a nice job, I think, fine-tuning their price pack, competitiveness and getting the right price points on shelf. And I think that's making a difference. The macro factors, I think they are improving slightly, but the environment is still tough. And GDP is still contracting, but maybe at a slower rate. Inflation's a little bit lower than it was this time a year ago, but the consumer, I think, is still pretty well under stress. And then back to China, I think, we are encouraged by I think the performance Q1 on China. I think organic was up low-single digit, but volume was up strong double digits, somewhat offset by lower net selling prices. Pricing environment, as Tom says, has stabilized, but it's consistent with what we've been planning. So we think we still have  we're encouraged about what's happening this year, and think our performance will be good this year in China.
Bonnie L. Herzog - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then just one final question, if I may, on the promotional environment; a lot of discussion this morning about it, but just wanted to touch on something or hear from you how you think that's going to evolve throughout the remainder of the year or into next, if you think about what's going on with some of the channel shift going to e-commerce. And as these brick and mortar retail partners of yours are feeling increased pressure, how much more pressure ultimately will there be on retail pricing and greater promotions?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: So if you have slower growth and you've got lots of competitors facing it that sometimes results in higher promotional environment. And so you're also seeing retailers get creative across the space in terms of do more with click and collect and there's a lot of innovation happening, not just around price, but also around service and how shoppable the categories are in different environments. And so I will expect that that will continue as we roll forward. I don't know, Mike, if there's any other color you've got on that?
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: No, we've seen this shift occur in other markets, China and Korea particularly, and we've adapted pretty well, in some cases, led that change. And so we need to be as nimble and responsive to the market conditions that we plan to be.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, and e-commerce does cause great price transparency. On the other hand, retailers have been comp shopping each other's stores in bricks and mortar for 100 years. So it's not a new phenomenon.
Bonnie L. Herzog - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge Research.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Good morning. Thanks very much. So just two questions and one detail. Tom mentioned lower promo shipment in North America Personal Care and Tissue. And I know you talked a whole bunch about execution. Just what specifically  a lot of it seems like it's category and competitive landscape. So if you can give us like an anecdote or two of what the kinds of decisions you made in Q1 in North America that you'd like to change over the course of the year, independent of and maybe where some of those types of decisions have worked. Second question is, nice volume improvement in China diapers, and do you think maybe some of these lower prices in your clearly premium diaper business are maybe enabling more trade up? And if you could comment on price gaps with mid-lower tier products there and just the details. Tax rate was better this quarter. I didn't see any real change to guidance for the full year. Comment around that. Can you tell us a little bit how that flows over the course of the year? Thanks so much.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: It's a pretty comprehensive list there so, on the promo front, maybe Mike can comment a little bit on that.
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah. I think, with regard to North America, I think the promo timing, we had a few major events with large customer shift out of our quarter that we knew going into the year, and so we had assumed that. So that explains a bit of the shift. Probably, what was new news to us was probably the more aggressiveness in promotion activity and promotional price points, and that's the one that we're adapting to right now. And again, we're going to manage our business with discipline, but we want to be price competitive in the marketplace. With regard to China, the  oh, sorry.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: On China, I think the question was, have you seen any kind of trade up in e-com and I think, broadly, that is the case. We've just launched a super-premium diaper pant in China that we're really excited about. And moms that tend to shop in e-com tend to skew a little bit higher income and so that should be a positive for us. And then the last question...
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Thanks. And just tax rate?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: ...was tax rate, which Maria can comment on.
Maria G. Henry - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah. Our tax rate, as we mentioned coming into the year, will be variable by quarter because of the various tax planning initiatives that we do. Our tax rate this quarter was slightly below what we had last quarter before the  I'm sorry  last year first quarter. The full year though we still expect the tax rate to be similar to the full year that we delivered in 2016.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Thank you very much. Comprehensive answers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks for the follow-up.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Hey, Ali.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Just wanted to follow-up specifically on the free cash flow on the quarter being much lower and then you mentioned tax (55:55) to understand a little bit more, but also each element of working capital looks worse too. Can you just talk a little bit more about that and whether even on the inventory being so high, whether we should expect some idling or anything and whether we're that level? So taxes and then working capital. Thanks.
Maria G. Henry - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Sure. We expected that our tax payments would be higher this year versus last year not only in the first quarter but for the total year. The driver of that was actually tax benefits that we had last year, which lowered our overall cash tax expense. This year, in terms of cash taxes it's a much more normalized level, so we'll be impacted by that year-on-year. On working capital, working capital was actually good for the quarter; our cash conversion days for 2018 (56:50), which is down four days from the average of last year. The primary benefit there is in payables. In terms of inventory, we clearly have room to continue to optimize our inventory. And both our supply chain teams and our finance teams are very focused on this. We made really good progress on that last year. There'll be some timing effects as we go through the year, but that's an area where we're very focused on it to drive down inventory as part of our overall working capital program.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: One difference though. You might be looking just that fourth quarter only working capital number. We tend to compare to the full year average, because there is a bit of cyclicality as the year rolls through.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Yeah, I was looking at Q4, so I didn't quite get that answer, but okay. Okay. Thanks.
Maria G. Henry - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah. We were very, very low in the fourth quarter last year.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. Thanks for letting me on.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Hey, Jason.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: We obviously cover a lot ground so I just got a couple of quick questions I'll try pound through quickly. First, Mike, I think you mentioned that some promotion shifted out of this quarter. Was that a shift into the fourth quarter of last year or is that a shift into second quarter?
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Well, one, I think part of the shift was out of our plan entirely for the year, and then part of it was shifting into the second and third quarters of this year.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. So it's a little more programming, as you mentioned, kind of in the second quarter and back of the year, but a lot of comments also in terms of cadence and comparisons. As we look forward through the remainder of the year, as you've highlighted, second half comps get easy. The second quarter comps get really tough, particularly in North America Tissue and Personal Care. And it sounds like the environment's pretty darn challenged. Is it fair to expect the second quarter to look sort of comparable if not a little more challenged than what was seen in the first quarter?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Jason, we don't give quarterly guidance as you know, so I think you can do the math as easy as we can and you're correct in assessing that the comps get tougher in the second quarter. But, beyond that, I'm probably not going to give you any more color on quarterly guidance.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Fair enough. And in China, encouraging to hear that sequentially prices are sort of holding pretty consistent with what we're seeing in admittedly limited scope Nielsen got out of that market. As we go into the back half and we comp the price decrease assuming we hold, obviously, year-on-year pricing looks better from there. Should we expect year-on-year volume to decelerate at the same time? In other words, are you seeing the volume lift because of this year-on-year price degradation that's going to abate once the price degradation is no longer there?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: No, not at all. The volume actually has been pretty strong throughout and so is it's been more of a function of innovation and category growth and consumer spending power and that we expect those stronger results to come through more clearly in the back half of the year.
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, I'll give you, Jason, a couple of factors why we believe that. One, we do have news, as Tom mentioned, great new innovation in super premium tier 6. Second, the birthrate is increasing. Two years ago, I think the birthrate was about 16 million live births. Last year, we estimated around 17.5 million. And this year, it could be as high as 20 million. And so that's kind of in our favor. And then we're also are expanding our penetration of cities, and we'll continue to add cities in distribution this year.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good stuff. All right. Thanks, guys. I'll pass it on. I know we're out of time.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks, Jason.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions in the queue. Thank you.
Paul J. Alexander - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: All right, we appreciate everybody's time today. We we'll wrap up with a comment from Tom.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Well, once again, we are continuing to execute our Global Business Plan and allocating capital in shareholder friendly ways. And we appreciate your support of Kimberly-Clark. Thanks very much.
Paul J. Alexander - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Have a good day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes this morning's presentation. You may disconnect your phone lines, and thank you for joining us today.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul J. Alexander  Vice President-Investor Relations Thomas J. Falk  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Maria Henry  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Michael D. Hsu  President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Bonnie Herzog  Wells Fargo Nik Modi  RBC Capital Markets Lauren Lieberman  Barclays Capital, Inc. Jason English  Goldman Sachs & Co. Wendy Nicholson  Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Caroline Levy  CLSA Americas LLC Ali Dibadj  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Stephen R. Powers  UBS Securities LLC Olivia Tong  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jonathan Feeney  Consumer Edge Research LLC Erin Lash  Morningstar, Inc. (Research) Bill Schmitz  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience in holding. We now have your speakers in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of this mornings presentation, we will open the floor for your questions. At that time, instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow if you would like to ask an audio question. It is now my pleasure to introduce today's first presenter, Mr. Paul Alexander.
Paul J. Alexander: Thank you, and good morning everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's Year-End Earnings Conference Call. Here with us today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mike Hsu, Chief Operating Officer; and Maria Henry, CFO. Here's the agenda for our call. Maria will begin with a review of our 2016 results, focusing on the full year. Tom will then provide his perspectives on our results and the outlook for the full year. We'll finish with Q&A. As usual we have a presentation of today's materials in the Investors section of our website. Now, as a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the risk factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. We'll also be referring to adjusted results, which exclude certain items described in this mornings new release. The release has further information about these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. And now I'll turn it over to Maria.
Maria Henry: Thanks Paul good morning everyone. Thanks for joining the call today. Let me start off with the headlines for our full year results. Sales and earnings for the year were consistent with our previous outlook. We achieved record cost savings and excellent margin improvement. We generated strong cash flow, improved capital efficiency and return cash to shareholders. Now lets take a look at the details of our results, starting with sales. Fourth quarter net sales were $4.5 billion with organic sales growth of 1%. Full year net sales of $18.2 billion were down 2% and included a 4 point drag from currency rates. Organic sales growth was about 2% for the full year in line with the guidance we provided back in October. On profitability we had very strong performance in 2016 and we expect to make more progress in 2017. Our fourth quarter adjusted gross margin was 37%. Full year gross margin was 36.6%, up 70 basis points year-on-year. Our adjusted operating margins was 18.9% in the fourth quarter, bringing the full year 18.4%, thats up 110 basis points. Adjusted operating profit for the year rose 4%, right in line with our original target of 2% to 5% growth. Our team has delivered record FORCE cost savings of $435 million for 2016. That was well above our initial target of at least $350 million coming into the year. Saving were 3.8% of our cost of sales, up nicely from 3.1% in 2015. I'm encouraged by the progress our business unit and supply chain teams are making on this front and I continue to believe there is long-term potential in this area. Our savings target for 2017 is at least $400 million. In the fourth quarter, we successfully completed our 2014 organization restructuring. We generated $70 million of saving in 2016, bringing the cumulative benefit to $140 million annually. I'm pleased that we were able to achieve the high end of our savings commitment one year ahead of plan. Commodities were $65 million benefit for the year. In 2017 we expect commodities to change from a positive to a negative for us. We're expecting a modestly inflationary environment and we're planning for cost inflation between $50 million and $200 million. Currency declines continue to impact our results in 2016. For the year the total earnings dragged from currency within the low double digit. The net impact of changes in currencies, commodities and net selling prices reduced our earnings by about 10% just above our original plan of a high single digit drag. In total, fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share were $1.45 bringing the full year to $6.03, that was up 5% year-on-year and in line with our previous outlook of $5.95 to $6.05. Now turning to cash flow and capital efficiently. Cash provided by operations was $3.2 billion for the year, up 40% year-on-year and somewhat ahead of our plan. The increase was driven by improved working capital and lower pension contribution. We expect another year of strong cash generation in 2017. However, it's likely that our cash flow will be down a little bit, given our over-delivery in 2016 and our expectation for higher tax payments this year. We reduced primary working capital cash conversion cycle by two days in 2015 that was at the high end of our original improvement target of one day to two days. We're planning for a one day improvement in 2017. On adjusted return on invested capital we improved these metric 120 basis points. That's well above our long-term target of 20 basis points to 40 basis points. On capital allocation in 2016, we returned approximately $2.1 billion to shareholders, through share repurchases and dividends. That marked the sixth consecutive year that weve returned at least $2 billion to our shareholders. In 2017, we plan to repurchase $800 million to $1 billion of Kimberly-Clark stock. In addition as mentioned in our news release were increasing dividend in 2017 by 5.4%. This is our 45th consecutive annual increase in the dividends. Now lets take a look at the segment results for the year. In Personal Care organic sales rose 3%. That included 5% growth in developing and emerging market and 4% volume growth in North America. Personal Care operating margins were healthy at 20.5% even with last year. In Consumer Tissue, organic sales were even with the prior year. Consumer Tissue operating margins were 18.7%, thats up 120 basis points, including benefits from cost savings and lower input costs. In K-C Professional, organic sales were up slightly with 5% growth in developing and emerging markets. Lower sales of nonwovens to Halyard Health reduced the segment top line by more than 1%. We don't expect that drag to repeat in 2017. K-C Professional operating margins were 19.1% that was up 80 basis points with benefits from higher selling prices and cost savings. So to summarize, our full year top and bottom line results were consistent with our previous outlook. We delivered record high saving, improved our margins nicely and increased ROIC. We generated strong cash flow and continue to allocate capital in shareholder friendly ways. Ill now turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas J. Falk: Thanks Maria and good morning everyone. In terms of our full year 2016 results, Ill focus my comments on organic sales on our market shares and current market conditions. Then I'll address our outlook for 2017. So starting with our results. As Maria just mentioned, organic sales were up about 2% for the year. In developing and emerging markets, we delivered 4% organic sales growth even though we were impacted by category declines in some markets and by price competition in China. Let's take a look at some of our key markets. In Eastern Europe organic sales in diapers increased by more than 15%. Results there were led by Huggies in Russia with double digit volume growth and 1 point of market share improvement. In China, organic sales in diapers were up low single digits as strong volume growth was mostly offset by lower selling prices. Our market share was pretty similar year-on-year in China. Looking ahead in the China market, we expect another year of significant volume growth. Category demand should remain strong and we have lots of innovation coming on Huggies including a new super premium diaper pants that we recently launched on Singles Day in November. Based on market trends in the last 2016 were cautiously optimistic that pricing in China will be less negative than 2017. Turning now to Brazil, organic sales in Personal Care were down slightly for the year. Category volumes fell throughout 2016 and competitive activity on diapers picked up in the second half of the year. Our market share for the year was down in Brazil 1 point diapers, but up 2 point in feminine care. We expect that market conditions will remain difficult in Brazil in 2017 particularly in the first half of the year. In Argentina, volumes in Personal Care were down high single digits and thats similar to the overall category. Conditions were more challenging in the backup of the year and we're continuing to closely watch the dynamics in this market. Our adult care and feminine care businesses in developing and emerging markets had very strong organic sales growth, double digits for adult care and high single digits for feminine care. In developed markets outside of North America, organic sales were even year-on-year. Moving now to North America, our consumer businesses achieved 3% volume growth and had excellent operating profit performance for the year. Overall, market shares were stable year-on-year in a pretty competitive environment overall. Looking at key categories in North America. In child care volumes were up high single digits with benefits from category growth and innovation on pull-ups training pants. Baby wipes volumes increased mid-single digits. On Huggies diapers volumes were down low-single digits while market shares were up about half a share point. In adult care, volumes rose mid-single digits aided by category growth and innovation on Poise and Depend. Then lastly in feminine care and in Consumer Tissue, volumes in both businesses were up low single digits. Moving to K-C Professional in North America our organic sales were up 2% and we think thats a little bit ahead of the market in that space. So overall while we experienced challenging category conditions in 2016, particularly in some of the developing and emerging markets, our market shares are broadly healthy and holding up well in this environment. Now moving beyond sales. I'm very encouraged with our performance on cost savings, margins, cash flow and return on invested capital. Results on these metrics were excellent and were ahead of plan across the board and demonstrating the continued strength and great execution by our business teams. Finally we grew the bottom line by 5% and thats in line with our guidance for the year. Now moving onto our outlook for the coming year. In 2017 well continue to execute our global business plan strategies. Our teams will invest in innovation, marketing and targeted growth initiatives to keep our brands strong. We also continue to manage our Company with financial discipline, focusing on cost savings, cash flow and shareholder friendly capital allocation. In terms of our specific guidance, on the top line were targeting organic sales growth of approximately 2% thats broadly in line with our assumption for overall market growth in 2017. But we're expecting only modest improvement in the overall environment in developing and emerging markets. But we arent expecting growth to pick back up significantly in 2017, we're still very optimistic about the long-term possibilities for us in these markets. Innovation continues to be an important part of our growth plans. In developing and emerging markets we've got a number of launches planned in diapers and diaper pants, feminine care and adult care. We also have a strong line up in North America. Near term activity includes upgrades on Huggies Snug & Dry Diapers, Goodnites Youth Pants and Depend underwear. We expect that organic sales growth will be higher in the second half of 2017 compared to the first half of the year and thats largely because of tougher comparisons in the first half of the year. On the bottom line were targeting earnings per of $6.20 to $6.35 and thats up 3% to 5% compared to our adjusted results in 2016. We plan to achieve solid improvements in both growth and operating margins in 2017 and thats despite an expectation for a mid-to-high single digit drag on earnings on the combined impact of changes in currencies, commodities and selling prices. Our outlook also includes a meaningful decline in equity income that's driven by the weaker Mexican peso, which impacts our earnings for K-C de Mexico. Recent spot rates for the peso have been down 15% or more compared to the average rate for 2016. In terms of capital allocation, you should expect us to continue to be shareholder friendly. We expect to allocate between $2.2 billion and $2.4 billion to dividends and share repurchases in 2017. That's a higher amount than in 2016 and thats equivalent to 5% to 6% of our current market capitalization. So all in all, we remain focused on continuing to compete effectively in the near term as we execute our global business plans strategies for long term success and shareholder value creation. That wraps up our prepared remarks and now well begin to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Windy Nicholson with Citi Research.
Wendy Nicholson: Good morning. Could you just talk about the pricing environment, your guidance, specifically for 2017, looks like it's almost entirely volume driven? I'm surprised a little bit not only with currency headwinds, but also with your expectation for higher commodity prices and innovation, why you're not expecting more benefit from price mix. Thanks.
Thomas J. Falk: I think I would say, were going to have some carry-over price drag in places like China. We still probably will get some additional positive price in markets like Brazil and Argentina, but we're not counting on a lot of price. In some of these markets the consumer has been pushed pretty hard and we just don't see of a big opportunity to take price. And even in markets like the U.K. where youve had though the Brexit phenomena, we will try to take some small positive price increases, but we're not counting on a lot of that to drive our year in 2017. So I think while the currency hit isn't as big as its been in the past, the commodities we're assuming that oil is up double digits and secondary fiber is up double digits. But some others like eucalyptus pulp is going to be pretty flat, but wed just say the net of that is we're not counting on a lot of price in 2017.
Wendy Nicholson: Okay. But your innovation broadly speaking can we assume that thats for the most part on premium priced innovation or is it more just important to get the pricing right for the local consumer?
Thomas J. Falk: I think. Both of those. Weve tend to try to innovate on the premium end. We want all of our innovation to be margin accretive where ever we can. In markets like Brazil though, we are making sure were innovating on the low tier when the category is moving down into tier 2, you want to make sure you've got a good performing product and can make competitive claims. And so we are trying to make sure we're innovating where the consumer is moving toward.
Wendy Nicholson: Got it. Terrific. Thank you very much.
Thomas J. Falk: Thanks, Wendy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: Hey, so wanted to kind of inter relate two things. One is a marketing research and general expense being down to 70 basis points. Trying to get a better understanding what the driver of that was and if any that was adjustments in Q4 on spend i.e. decline. Linking that to where you're effectively expecting for 2017, which is kind of an acceleration for the past couple of quarters of organic sales growth after this kind of 2% level same for the year. And I get the sequencing you gave in the first half was a back half. But A; was it advertising spend that went down and how should we take that as we think about your expectation for acceleration for 2017 on the top line?
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah so, I guess, the way Id come out that, Id say the marketing research general did not include advertising in that number so that would really be the cost of the marketers and any marketing research or other things. I would say if you just looked at the quarter there was probably some more timing things particularly on our R&D where the third quarter was a little heavier than the fourth quarter, which is a little unusual for us. But that why I probably look at the full year number to be more predictive, our advertising spend overall was pretty similar to the prior year fourth quarter, but down a little bit sequentially. So thats not that unusual. We continue to see shifts out of advertising into digital couponing and a lot of that cost gets captured between gross and net sales. So you don't really get good visibility of that. But as you think about the top line in 2017, the way I would come out at it is that we're calling a roughly 2%, that's roughly what we did in 2016 on average. 2016 was very front half loaded and the back half was fairly wide as you described and 2017 from a cost standpoint, you know have tougher comps in the front half and easier comps in the back half, so I think were calling fairly similar overall to what we saw for the full year in 2016.
Ali Dibadj: And then just the sequential improvement that you're seeing, your saying its just basically from a cost perspective, right. I mean, the zero and the one this past couple of quarters getting up to 2 you're saying that really just look  the comparisons are easier for the back half and thats where were going to make up the plaque. Is that the right way to think about it?
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah, thats right way to think about it.
Ali Dibadj: Then just on the commodity piece to it. You know I guess $50 million to $200 million of inflation. Are you basically saying, you're not going to be able to recover any of that? Is that the right way to think about because historically you've been able to recover 60%, 70% of commodity inflation, so its just a different environment right now competitively that you just sounds like won't be able to recover any of that given the pricing youre suppose in for 2017?
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah, I wouldn't say any of it, it will be much more market specific, so in places like Brazil and Argentina where there's a lot of local market inflation, not necessarily even big commodity categories. You know that they will be taking price up in those markets. Will they recover all it? You know I think thats an open question. You are seeing more competitive activity in some of those markets. We still have some of the carryover drag from some of the Chinese price reductions that we experienced in 2016 that will be a drag in 2017. In markets like the U.K. or in or even in North America, the level of inflation that we're seeing, we may get some pricing in case KCP around secondary fiber where weve got double digit price increases in secondary fiber. But I wouldn't expect to get much price on our other broad consumer categories just because the inflation level isn't that big relative to the size of those businesses.
Ali Dibadj: Okay thanks.
Thomas J. Falk: The other the other thing Ali is that we feel pretty good about our cost savings going forward. And so our ability to absorb a little bit of inflation, these are fairly low inflation numbers, relative to what we've seen in the past and generating cost savings in the $400 million in a year, it gives us the ability to recover some of that and be competitive in the marketplace.
Ali Dibadj: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: So I want to just carry on this conversation about pricing versus inflation. Is there something specific to your categories and kind of where they fall in the line of kind of consumer needs and willingness to trade down or pull back on usage, just limiting the ability to price in line with local inflation? If to provide as you said the consumer has been pushed pretty hard, particularly in Brazil and increasingly in Argentina, is what triggering the share losses, their modest. Is it trade down that you're really seeing in the marketplace? Or is it another kind of similarly priced competitor thats winning currently?
Thomas J. Falk: Is there an all of the above answer I can choose, Lauren on that one.
Lauren Lieberman: No.
Thomas J. Falk: Because I think it is a little bit of all of those I think. There is  growth rates in a lot of our categories have slowed. We said we were expecting category growth rates of roughly 2%. We would have said several years ago three to four was probably more what we were trending. So growth rates have come down, there's still lots of competition including local competitors who are aggressively pursuing business and we're trying to make sure weve got the right innovation, we got the right price point, were executing well in market and that probably makes it a little tougher in this environment to get price increases, in a market like Brazil, where the category is going backwards 3% to 4% in volume and you're taking list price up, you can generate some short-term category value increases, you don't want it to be a race to zero either.
Lauren Lieberman: Yeah understood, okay. You had also mentioned in the release, lower category demand in diapers in the U.S. Could you talk a little bit about that, is that a birth rate conversation thats driving that?
Thomas J. Falk: There's been a pretty big category shift in the last year where training pants category growth is up strong double digits and diaper category growth is down a little bit. Since I got Mike Hsu here on his first call Mike is running North American business, why dont you weigh in on that one Mike and give them a little color around that.
Michael D. Hsu: Yeah, I think our baby and child care team across both child care and infant, doing a great job, but I do think we see a category shift to train pants and I think in some ways Lauren, we see that as probably some positive green shoots on the economy because training pants to sell at a premium to diapers in a like-for-like sizing, you know the consumers now, when they have confidence in the economy, tend to trade up. And the converse happens when the economy is bad. So I think there has been some shift. The other thing is though that we've made some significant improvements starting in 2015 on product quality. Pull-ups can give a performance of a diaper, but the benefits of training. And so we made a major improvement in 2015, we saw double digit consumption growth in 2015 and thats carried through to 2016. Double digit consumption and probably high single digit on shipments and so I think there's been a lot of activity there. In terms of the commercial programming, I think we've been talking to moms about the benefits of training and when to start training and I think thats having an effect in the category. The other factor is our primary competitor has also re-entered or refreshed their product in the category and made a lot of promotion activity which is probably drawing consumers in the category. So there's been a shift from diapers, but the overall mega category, if say all out at across non-measured and measured channels and diapers and child care is overall plan.
Thomas J. Falk: So we were up a couple of percent or percent and a half or simple like last year.
Lauren Lieberman: And the last thing was just the Nielsen data if there's been this disconnect were seeing across companies and categories. But if you can comment at all about in your categories what you think the shift to kind of untrack channels that are driving in terms of growth versus what we're seeing in the open.
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah Lauren, its probably playing out the biggest in diapers and because of a couple of factors. The non-measured, the online channels are growing at a rapid rate and so you can't see some of the customers that are in there. Also some of the changes in terms of who is reporting with whom between Nielsen RRI [ph] also going to start affecting us as well. So it's a bit of a challenge right now when we're working through some of these issues too.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. All right. I'll pass it on. Thank you so much.
Thomas J. Falk: Thanks, Lauren.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Good morning folks. Thank you letting me ask the question. Like the others, Ive got two questions. First at a high level. Tom your guiding FORCE, so your second year of under-delivery versus your historical 3% to 5% aspiration. You mentioned category growth overall is obviously a key contributor with it just being at a slower end market environment out there. How are you thinking about the forward, is there a path back to that 3% to 5%. Is sort of 2%, maybe to 2% to 3% is sort of a new reality for at least the foreseeable future. If there is a path that's going to drive us higher, what are some of the key variables that you think we should be looking at, at the gate whether or not we can get traction on that.
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah, that's a key question, Jason. Obviously, Id say, Latin America economic recovery would be a key driver. So if you look at Brazil, Argentina, theyre taking a pretty big shock, but Brazil in particular from lower oil prices. As those come back that weve got pretty big business with down there that could tier a lot of top line growth issues. On the other hand, as you look at places like Russia, China, still very strong category volume growth and we still see big penetration opportunities in lots of markets around the world. So I think that's why we would still say long-term theres huge opportunity here for us. In the short-term we're at a little slower spot than the GDP growth per capita of range that we're going to make the categories go at a little slower rate.
Jason English: Makes sense. Thanks. Next question is on EBIT math. I really appreciate all the inputs you give us in terms of the guidance assumptions into next year and I also obviously appreciate the bridges you gave in the Qs in terms of what's driving EBIT growth. We can kind of use all these variables to build it up and see what the theoretical earnings potential is for next year. But one wild card that we don't have good visibility to is the other line that you roll in the 10-Q, I know theres a lot in there. But it's been a material source of leakage the last couple of years, north of $400 million every year of operating profits and leaking out to other line. Can you give us some color on what are some of the key inputs to that? How we should be thinking about that catch-all other as we go into this year?
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah, well, call it other Jason, because it is just a big unknown, but no seriously, Ill let Maria give you a little bit of color, but theres a lot of local inflation in there. We also have other product improvement costs would be in there, so for upgrading and adding functionality to a product we would put that into that line. Any start-up costs for new capital equipment around the world would go into that line, I dont know Maria, if theres anything else you would add to that or build on that.
Maria Henry: Yeah, I think that's right. It definitely has a currency component to it as well as the inflation component to it is what drives it.
Jason English: And thoughts on what that could look like as we go through 2017.
Thomas J. Falk: I would say that line tends to be pretty similar year-to-year, but I dont know Paul, if youve got any other, we have never tried to forecast other, so.
Paul J. Alexander: Yeah, I mean typically as you'd expect with all companies we're going to have general inflation in our P&L and we break out the commodity component of that inflation. But wage increases, things of that nature, benefit cost, those are going to be, I would say modestly increasing year-to-year.
Thomas J. Falk: Pretty similar year-to-year.
Jason English: All right. Thanks a lot guys. Ill pass it on.
Thomas J. Falk: Thanks Jason.
Operator: Our next question comes from Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Caroline Levy: Hi, good morning. Just a follow-on, on that inflation question  wage and benefit inflation. Paul youre saying that that sort of the offers, that its excluding the other or I mean, is there allocation to each division?
Thomas J. Falk: Each country team would have their own wage and benefit program and we just  as we break out the analysis of change and share that with you, we capture those cost increases on the other bucket and so I think thats the nature of the question that was asked. So we try to run a very efficient corporate overhead team and Maria oversees the corporate G&A budget and I know they're planning for a fairly flat, I dont know if you want to comment on how youre approaching that going into 2017.
Maria Henry: Yeah, on the corporate side we have pretty aggressive management of those expenses. I think you saw a decrease year-over-year 2016 to 2015 when you look at that segment reporting that we have on the corporate expenses. So well remain diligent on that and I think we benchmark well in that area.
Thomas J. Falk: Trust me if we were sending our operating unit teams bigger bills from corporate, we would hear about it, so.
Caroline Levy: Got it. Okay. My other question is understanding what's going on in the China diaper market please. Because my understanding is there's kind of 30% share now are held by locals. And it's a bit confusing that in something with technology I would imagine, very important that hundreds of local players have been able to take so much share. If you could just tell us a little bit more about what's going on with pricing. What's going, what isn't and how you see us coming out of this?
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah that local share seems very high to me. I mean, youve got essentially four big global diaper players with P&G is still the share leader. Their share is high teens. Our share would be high teens. Kao would be similar and Unit Term [ph], I think it's about 10 share. Then [Hang On] which is the local players about a 5 share. So I think Caroline it may depend on which dataset you're looking at their because theres a substantial portion of the Chinese market is in e-commerce. Another good chunk is in baby superstores and then there is relatively smaller segment than you might see in other markets that are in traditional retail. So if you looked at a just a Nielsen traditional retail number you could probably get a high share for a local player but thats covering a very small part of the market.
Caroline Levy: Got it I mean I actually got those numbers from a competitor, but it does seem clear that competition is extremely high and pricing is weak. What do you think marks a turning point in this  in pricing?
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I think the pricing is down double digits for the year, a lot of that happened in the  started really in late of 2015, but rolled through early 2016. Our expectation is going into 2017 that pricing is not going to get better in the short term. We do see good category volume growth, see a strong growth rate, high single digit, maybe even low double digit increase in births in China, good category participation rate. So there arent many markets in the world that are growing that fast and it's not surprising that that there's a lot of competition there. Our team has done a fantastic job of is improving the products and reducing our costs, so that our margins overall in China are still quite attractive.
Caroline Levy: That's great. Thank you very much.
Thomas J. Falk: Thank you Caroline.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Powers with UBS.
Stephen Powers: Good morning. Tom on the composition of growth next year, maybe looking at by segment. Are you anticipating a similar mix in terms of the growth between Personal Care Tissue and Professional? Or do you see an acceleration in Tissue and Professional and then perhaps offset by some level of decel in Personal Care?
Thomas J. Falk: For Personal Care, should still be the fastest growing segment I would say overall. KCP had about 1 point drag this year on their segment organic growth due to lower sales to Halyard and some of our internal nonwovens, so that was expected because that supply agreement kind of wound down. So we won't have that negative comp of holding them back in 2017, so KCP could be a bit higher. Consumer Tissue I'd say overall will be pretty similar.
Stephen Powers: Okay. Thanks. And then Maria if we turn to FORCE, I know there are a ton of moving parts and how you run that program from the bottom up. But is there any way you can call out any kind of bucket of costs in particular in terms of where you saw upside in fiscal 2016, just looking back over the year. Then more importantly, where you expect the most incremental improvement to come in 2017 because the momentum. Both based on what you achieved in 2016 and what youre indicating that for 2017 is well ahead of where I think you would have put it a year ago at this time. So Im just trying to understand better where you're seeing that momentum sourced from? Thanks.
Maria Henry: Sure. Yeah for the FORCE cost savings, come in three main areas and that was consistent in 2016 as it has been and those as a remind our savings that we drive from negotiating with our vendors, so on lower material prices, improving our productivity in ways across our facilities through manufacturing process and driving out ways everywhere. The third area is optimizing the cost of our product specifications and in particular looking for  what are things that don't matter to the consumer that we can optimize or how do we engineer our products with more effective material to lower the overall cost of the product. So those were the three areas for 2016 that drove our FORCE cost savings. What I will say though is because we did a little over our expectation our teams were incredibly focused on driving savings as we continue to fight it out in the very tough macroeconomic environment. So some of the areas where we over-delivered include in our international markets and also in some of our manufacturing and distribution operations. Those were ahead of our expectations in 2016,
Thomas J. Falk: Just a thing I would add to that is Maria and our new supply chain leader, Sandra MacQuillan, have done a great job of driving inventory down. As we have  had held less inventory you get lots of other distribution and logistics savings and that probably another area that weve done better and I think there's more to come there.
A  Maria Henry: Yeah I would agree with that and I think that really helped us on the cash flow side. We put two days off of our CCC, that was in the high end of our expectations and a lot of that improvement was driven by inventory, which I'm particularly pleased with the teams are very focused on that area. Not only global supply chain, but the local teams are really doing a great job on working capital.
Stephen Powers: Okay. Thank you very much.
Thomas J. Falk: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
Bill Schmitz: Hey, Tom, good morning.
Thomas J. Falk: Good morning Bill.
Bill Schmitz: Hey a couple of things. The first is do you guys think you have enough spend capacity. It seems like all the growth in the category the next 10 years, as they come in the pack category. So have you thought about the capital requirements there? Whether you think it's more modular diaper lines to make taped in pant diapers in the same line.
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah, I mean, Id say the simple answer to your question is yes, we do believe we have enough pant capacity and so weve been at and thats pretty much weve been adding pant capacity in major market in the world. We got new assets in China, Brazil, Russia, Czech Republic even Central America. And so - and our team in Mexico has also added capacity, so yeah we do feel pretty good about that. Not to get too technical, but the grade change between the diaper and a pant would be time consuming enough, that you probably wouldn't want to do it very often, so it's better to have dedicated assets.
Bill Schmitz: Okay, all right, thats helpful. Then what do you think the end game is for all the competitors, with all the pricing activity were seeing in some of these markets. Is it mostly like distribution specific, so like are you seeing super intense activity on e-commerce side in China and maybe less activity in the traditional stores? Any deeper color on like what you think the rationale is for  so it seems like its just breaking the category growth globally. So I'm just trying to figure out like what you think the end game is for yourselves and others.
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah, I mean, I think the end game for us is deliver winning products, build market share and sustain your business over time. You know it's kind of tried and true techniques and in China we invested a ton in 2016 in our newborn program to make sure that we were capturing new moms and carrying them through. We're doing a lot of hospital sampling in many markets around the world to make sure that mom goes home from the hospital with the right products. And so it's all the basics. I mean, as we deconstruct some of the P&Ls to attempt of our key our competition, I think these are still attractive businesses, even at reduced prices and we've been good at getting the cost out to help protect our margins structure. And so we want the diaper to work better and cost less and if we can continue to deliver on that, yeah, that makes it tougher for anybody to compete with us. I dont know if that addresses it specifically. Theres another part to your question, Bill, I dont know if I answered better or not.
Bill Schmitz: Thats perfect. The other probably is just like do you see more aggressive activity in like different parts of the distribution network nearby channels or was it?
Thomas J. Falk: I think the point I would make there is that e-commerce is making pricing more transparent everywhere. So there's more  you know if retailers just to comp each others promoted prices and now e-commerce you can go comp three websites quick and easy and theres apps that'll do it for you and so I think that's probably driving more of an EDLP type environment recognizing, theres still room for some promotion. I dont know Mike if you've got a view of that of what you see in North America.
Michael D. Hsu: Yeah, I mean, North America I think the e-commerce is having an effect and I think its both the transparency, its also maybe the game theoretical impact which is  some of our customers feel like they can, promote their products and they're service offering more aggressively, promoting certain product lines more aggressively. I think that has a  as you may call that it a deflationary effect across the categories some times. And so in some ways, you could argue that, its not healthy for the category, in other ways, you know can bring new users into the category. So you know our job is, were trying to serve our customers across the board and we need to make our products that serve their needs and the economics can work for us and so that's how we're approaching it.
Bill Schmitz: Okay. Great. And then just one last quick follow-up. I mean, is there anything funky, I know you said there is a shift in spending on the R&D side on the SG&A line, with (M&A) or whatever in the fourth quarter. Was there anything like instead of comp reversals or things like that digital app [ph] next year?
Thomas J. Falk: Nothing really unusual and thats said just we were probably tightly controlling spend, but as you would hope we are always doing. But I would say no there was no unusual item that rolled through there.
Bill Schmitz: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Thomas J. Falk: Thanks, Bill.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets.
Nik Modi: Two quick questions. Tom, if you could just give us your assessment of the global consumer, I'm putting the category dynamic aside with competition. Just we're hearing from a lot of global companies right now and it seems like the message is that the emerging markets are starting to stabilize. I'm just curious on what you're seeing in some of the big markets. Then the second question is and I know this is kind of out of left field, but are you guys working on anything actually as it relates to robotics and automation, not just in the supply chain and manufacturing but more back office type stuff? Thanks.
Thomas J. Falk: That is a left field question Nik, I think that would be the first time I have had that one. But let me answer the first question. So the global consumer I would say probably a bit of a mixed bag if you're in a economy that had oil as a large part your economy, but youre feeling still some pressure. So now you saw negative GDP in Russia. Nigeria, certainly under pressure, very slow or negative GDP per capita growth there. Some of the challenges in Brazil have been there as well. So if you're a oil consuming nation youve got a big windfall in 2016 and so a pretty good GDP per capita growth generally or improving. So I would say if you look at a market like China, the underlying category demand growth, the birth rate those are all really positive signals. Despite a little bit of a little bit of a slowdown in their overall GDP growth, you still saw a really good growth in GDP per capita and more consumers coming in reach of our products and entering the category and starting families et cetera. And youd see some similar things. Vietnam is a very a good market for us as well. You saw  actually saw a very  we had a terrific year in Korea, despite a fairly flattish economy, our Korean business did pretty well. So Id say, the U.K. with Brexit. Our KCP business in particular saw, a little weaker year than we were expecting there. I think you saw some distributors not wanting to hold inventory, not certain necessarily what was happening next, that seemed like that calmed down a bit at the end of the year. It feels like maybe the U.K. is more stable at the moment and we'll see what the next step is in Brexit. But I don't know Marie if you want to add anything to that, so.
A  Maria Henry: Yeah, Ill take the next one though.
Thomas J. Falk: Okay, go ahead, do robotics 
A  Maria Henry: And robotics, yeah, and machine learning in back office, yeah. We have a global business services initiative at Kimberly-Clark. We've got shared services center around the globe, where we look to consolidate and optimize transaction services and more routine type of back office work. And robotics automation can be applied in those areas, so we are working with our vendors and staying on top of the technology. And understanding why is that opportunity for us. But clearly its part of our global business services initiatives where we're looking at robotics, automation, machine learning and how we might be able to change the game on that in the future.
Thomas J. Falk: Maybe just to build on that Nik, a way to think about it is if you could think about the perfect order or the perfect payables transaction or the quantity, the price, the delivery terms, everything lined up perfectly with the purchase order or it could sale right through your system and get paid without any human involvement, that would be the gold standard. I'd say too often some of those things don't work out and you need human beings to fix and adjust and correct all those minor errors that happen. And if you think about a customer transaction, if we could take the customer's order, get the price exactly right, the quantity shipped on the date they wanted it with the correct terms. So it applies right through our system and their system without any additional intervention that's a big opportunity and it takes friction out of everyone's transaction costs. But we still got a long way to go to get to that.
Nik Modi: Great. Thanks so much for the perspective.
Thomas J. Falk: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erin Lash with Morningstar.
Erin Lash: Thank you for taking the question. I was hoping we could talk a little bit about usage particularly in for diapers in developing and emerging markets. Obviously, with the economic environment been challenging particularly in Brazil whether that, you've seen usage continue to come down or whether some of the price competition that youre seeing is actually negating a declining, or any on preventing I guess, a decline in usage?
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah, I would say, Erin, its kind of a mixed bag if you looked at Russia, which has had a pretty good economic shock, we still saw a very strong a category growth. Our Huggies business was up double digits in volume and we had higher selling prices, lot of innovation so responsive consumer to that. Brazil on the other hand youve tended to see, category volume declines in the low single digits 3% to 4% over the last couple of quarters. So that would say the consumer is either reducing their household inventory or reducing their usage in some cases or shifting from five or six diapers a day to three or four diapers a day that could account for that, if a subset of the consumer base is doing that. Argentina has probably been the biggest shock, theyve had a pretty big economic transformation under way, there are going to move some of their utility cost to more of a market rate and that's having a big impact on household budgets and you're seeing lots of categories declining in that market. I think it will take some time to really tell how thats going to shake out. But we saw in the third and fourth quarter in Argentina double digit declines in category diaper volume, which, thats pretty unusual, you don't see that every day.
Erin Lash: That's very helpful. Thank you. Then just with regard to the growth that you're seeing in the training pant category in the U.S. thats been entirely driven by the, I guess, average age toddler or child as opposed to a shift or any consumer interest in moving down similar to the emerging markets for the diaper training pants has been picking up steam and is preferred for even newborn consumers, correct?
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah I think thats true. I dont Mike, do you want to comment on diaper pants broadly.
A  Michael D. Hsu: Yeah, I think were still digging through the data on that, but I do think, a part of it is, I would say yes right now it's about average. I think our training pant business leaders would say, hey you know we think moms should be starting earlier and so there's a strategy on their part to say, hey, we want our children to start training earlier and we want them to stay more consistent in the training pant, and so thats long-term strategy for the pull-ups brand manager. Then for the Huggies, they want them to stay in Huggies and I think our job again here is to want to serve the consumer and how they want us to be served and give them the choices and provide the best products, so they can make the choice.
Thomas J. Falk: Then to your point in the U.S. market we're not offering training pants that go down to newborn sizes. Or as in some of the emerging markets you do find diaper pants in smaller sizes although, usually not newborn, but usually in size one, two, you find some of those are still pretty small part of those categories.
A  Michael D. Hsu: Yeah, training tends to start around 18 months to 24 months.
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah and even diaper pant usage in emerging markets tends to start when babies are a little bit more active crawling stage.
Erin Lash: Thank you. That's very helpful.
Thomas J. Falk: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Olivia Tong with Bank of America.
Olivia Tong: So obviously with the comps that you have in 2016, youre looking for organic sales growth to more second half weighted. But can you talk about the phasing of some of the innovation that you discussed in your prepared remarks? Are there some quarters that will benefit more than others. And then on price makes, obviously you said flat to up slightly, but you're now looking much from prices, we already discussed, so it sounds like obviously more is coming from mix. So much what's that based on? Do you expect the environment to improve as the year progresses and consumers mixing up? Or is there something else to that? Thank you.
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah, Id say, there could be a couple of mix factors. As I said earlier in China we invested a lot in newborn in 2016, as those babies move up into the more mainstream diapers, you know we expect to see a little bit of more positive mix. And newborn hurts our mix just because there's more diapers in a bag and you sell the bag for the same price. Although you'd argue that builds your franchise, so you definitely want to have a leadership share there. But were probably a little overweight newborn in China and that will have an effect on us going forward. Id say broadly we're not expecting a lot from price or mix in 2017. So I think they would both be slightly positive, but that's not going to be the story driving our growth, thats going to be core volume.
Olivia Tong: Got it. And then the cadence on innovation.
Thomas J. Falk: Cadence on innovation, obviously its going to vary by market and so typically we've got quite a bit of stuff going on in North America. Mike I don't know if you want to comment on some of the things going on in independent polls without revealing any too much competitive launch data.
A  Michael D. Hsu: Yeah I think the teams there, particularly in adult care were still focused on driving the category penetration, which is still a big opportunity for us, the business is performing well, up mid-to-high single digits. I think the innovation is coming. Were really focused on that you know adding value in the category and some of things, employees within Shape [ph] and Depend in the 2016 like Depend which has been a very successful item. And then coming in 2017 new and improved super premium on Depend both real fit and silhouette. So again super premium, softer, more broadened set of performance.
Thomas J. Falk: In China we launched a new super premium diaper pant in November and so that will really just start to get traction as we roll into of 2017.
Olivia Tong: All right. Thank you so much.
Thomas J. Falk: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Wells Fargo.
Bonnie Herzog: I just had a question on your Personal Care business North America. Could you talk a little bit more in the competitive environment and promotional activity, which appears to remain pretty elevated across major category. Then can you give us a sense of how you're thinking about the environment going forward? What's really factored into our FY2017 guide?
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah, Bonnie, yeah, I think the environment is elevated and I think we saw an elevation occur in the third quarter, you could probably see that through in our results back then. I think we improved in the fourth quarter, I think the team has responded well to the kind of the change in environment and ramped up their intensity in terms of both securing the right merchandising activity and the right marketing activity. I think our call is that its going to remain this way for a while, and thats what were assuming for 2017. I think our teams are prepared for right innovation both in diapers, child care, adult care and fem care and were excited about our plan for 2017.
Bonnie Herzog: Then regarding your innovation pipeline, would you characterize in general your pipeline, as more full versus last year across your categories? Just trying to get a sense of where you go out with innovations going forward?
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah, Id probably say comparable, but we've got some pretty good items in there and I think were not ready to kind of disclose what they are yet, Paul, But I think we feel good about it.
Paul J. Alexander: Yeah, so Id say, Bonnie, were pleased, but never satisfied on that front.
Bonnie Herzog: Okay. And then just one final question for me, can you just give us a sense as to how your higher margin wiper business with K-C Professional is trending recently. I think its been a few quarters, since you guys called this out. So just trying to get a sense that you still think, strong growth there or things may be moderated. Thanks.
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah, I would say you know wipers was a little - was flattish in the quarter and for the year. We saw a little bit more growth in our core washroom business, so we've driven a lot of our innovation and commercial programming around the washroom and its probably refreshed that business a little bit. Were still seeing opportunity with wipers particularly in some of the heavy manufacturing areas, things like aeronautics and so forth, where we do a fair amount of work. So as those picked up we should see some opportunities to drive more wiper business.
Bonnie Herzog: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas J. Falk: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: Thanks for the follow-up. So look, I was just reflecting on the whole conversation this the time and last quarter and everything and were all kind of taking as a granted, that there is much more competition out there. But we don't talk a lot about why and Im trying to get a sense of why from your perspective there is a lot more competition, so clearly local players, clearly P&G is he stepping it up. But how would you characterize it, so and long-term concerns might be things like they're just lower barriers to entry, so tougher to differentiate? Competitors are cutting more cost, they're willing to spend more back. Maybe it's just that the macro environment is tougher and so people are more intrigued about share gains than anything else. But putting your sense of that, kind of and you're going to say look theres a great category its always been competitive. But its clearly more competitive now that than it has been. So trying to get a sense of your belief and the drivers of that to get a better sense of, is it going to get worse, is it going to get better, or is it going to be same. Does that question make sense?
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah, no, I think thats fair. I guess, the way I would think about it would be; number one, as economic growth globally has slowed down and some of the markets we talked about. There's just less growth around and just as many people chasing it. So that inherently will make that just a bit more competitive if youre growing 3 to 4 and now you're growing too. And then you got the same number of competitors, it just makes  the same number of people fighting over in pieces of a smaller pie or smaller growth opportunity. So thats probably one. I also think you're seeing more competitors, expanding into more markets. So CNPC has moved out of Chile and is now operating in Brazil and moving into Peru and they're operating in Mexico, you know that's new geography for them and theyre obviously trying to get traction in launch. Weve seen Unit term [ph] launch in Brazil. They haven t build a big share position there yet, but that increases the competitive set. SCA [ph] has done acquisitions and increased their footprint globally in lots of places and so maybe it used to be us and our primary global competitor in a market, now you've got usually one or two other global players that are around and just makes it, so you got to be sharp on innovation, you got to sharp on cost and you got to be great on execution. We're up for that challenge, but there's other players in the neighborhood.
Ali Dibadj: So its really helpful, so does that concern you given that it feels like those things aren't going away for your 3% to 5% organic sales growth target longer term, right? Id assume people arent going to now retrench and go away, unless you believe the underlying market gets better, so people are more relax. But does that concern you at all, the things you just described more competition in the same market. Theoretically youd expect it to put pressure on your 3% to 5% organic sales growth for long term, is that right, is that a fair concern or no?
Thomas J. Falk: I mean, I would say, this, I mean, I think the, if you think about all the weighting of those factors. The slower economic growth is the one thats probably, that you can't do anything about but that's probably the bigger challenge. The economies are growing better. There's more growth to feed more mouths in category in particular places. And so the effect, we got more competition in more places. At the end of day, weve got to deliver a winning product solution at an attractive cost and execute it well on the market and so does everybody else. So yeah I'm absolutely up for that challenge.
Ali Dibadj: Thanks very much for that.
Thomas J. Falk: Thanks Ali.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Feeney with Consumer Edge Research.
Jonathan Feeney: Thanks very much guys. I just wanted to follow-up on Alis question actually about, could you compare, within everything you just discussed. If you compare and contrast the dynamics in Brazil and Argentina specifically with maybe what kind of went on with the entry into China. Whats different from macro standpoint? Maybe are there any learnings from the China experience, what you're kind of going through versus how you can handle and maybe what your next, couple of years will hold as maybe the structure of competition in Brazil and Argentina change. Does it evolve in the same way China is kind of involved right now? And maybe what have you learned from the development of that super premium segments in China? Thank you.
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah, I mean, they're pretty different markets I would say and so China is an explosive growth opportunity where more and more people as our GDP per capita improves, are entering the category. So with billion plus, people in the country that is a near limitless supply of consumers that could eventually come into our category. Id say if you contrast it to Brazil, you probably had higher category penetration rates to start with. Unless GDP per capita growth and lately its been negative in GDP per capita trends. And so yeah, Id just say its a different starting point and different economic. Ones a got great tailwind and one 's got a headwind that you're running against. We have launch diaper pants in Brazil, have seen pretty good conversion and launched things like, in adult care in our Depend, Plenitude, which is our brand in that part of the world. We've been pretty successful at transitioning the category from a lower cost briefs, which is more like an adult diaper to a higher cost pant will much similar to what we would sell in the U.S., just because its much better solution and then deliver terrific value. Even though that is a income challenged consumer and so, you do still see responsiveness, but you don't have the explosive growth of GDP per capita and more people under in the category of that you probably have in China.
Jonathan Feeney: Thank you very much.
Thomas J. Falk: Thanks Jon.
Operator: And at this time we have no further questioners in the queue.
Paul J. Alexander: All right we appreciate all the questions today and well wrap up with a comment from Tom.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, once again, we had a good year 2016. We've laid out an aggressive plan for our global business class strategies in 2017. And we appreciate your support of Kimberly-Clark. Thanks very much.
Paul J. Alexander: Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes this morning's presentation. You may disconnect your phones line and thank you for joining us this morning.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul J. Alexander - Kimberly-Clark Corp. Maria Henry - Kimberly-Clark Corp. Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.
Analysts: Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. Wendy C. Nicholson - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Caroline Levy - CLSA Americas LLC Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC Erin Lash - Morningstar, Inc. (Research) Iain E. Simpson - Socit Gnrale SA (Broker) Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience in holding. We now have your speakers in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today's statements, we will open the floor for your questions. At that time, instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow if you would like to ask an audio question. It is now my pleasure to introduce today's first presenter, Mr. Paul Alexander.
Paul J. Alexander - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Maria Henry, CFO; and Mike Azbell, our Controller. Here's the agenda for the call. Maria will begin with a review of third quarter results. Tom will then provide his perspectives on our results and the outlook for the full year. We'll finish as usual with Q&A. We have a presentation of today's materials in the Investors section of our website. Now, as a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements this morning. Please see the risk factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. We'll also be referring to adjusted results and outlook. Both exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. The release has further information about these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. And now I'll turn it over to Maria.
Maria Henry - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining the call today. Let me start with the headlines for the quarter. Organic sales were basically even year-on-year including 3% growth in developing and emerging markets. We achieved significant cost savings and margin improvement, and we increased cash flow, improved capital efficiency and returned cash to shareholders. Now let's cover the details starting with sales. Our third quarter net sales were $4.6 billion. That's down about 3% including a currency drag of more than 2%. Tom will provide more color on our top line in just a few minutes. On profitability, third quarter adjusted gross margin was 36.4%, up 30 basis points compared to the prior year. Adjusted operating margin was 18.2%. That's up 70 basis points. I'm encouraged that our teams continue to improve the shape of the P&L even in a tougher environment. Our cost savings initiatives continue to be a key driver of margin improvement. Third quarter FORCE cost savings were $105 million, equal to our previous all-time record. Through nine months, FORCE savings are $295 million. So we're tracking to be toward the high end of our $350 to $400 million full year target. In addition, our organization restructuring generated $15 million of savings in the quarter. Commodities were favorable by $10 million mostly due to lower fiber costs. Full year deflation should be toward the middle of our previous estimate of $25 million to $125 million. On the bottom line, third quarter adjusted earnings per share were $1.52, up 1% year-on-year. That's despite a currency drag of more than $0.10 per share, mostly from transaction effects. Moving on to cash flow and capital efficiency. Cash provided by operations in the third quarter was strong at $948 million. That's up 12% year-on-year driven by improved working capital. On adjusted return on invested capital, through nine months, we're up 100 basis points, nicely ahead of our long-term goal of 20 basis points to 40 basis points of annual improvement. On capital allocation, third quarter dividend payments and share repurchases totaled more than $550 million. The full year amount should be approximately $2.1 billion. Moving on to segment results. In Personal Care, organic sales rose more than 1%. That includes 4% growth in developing and emerging markets. Overall Personal Care operating margins were healthy at 19.8%, although off 70 basis points year-on-year including significant currency headwinds. Moving to Consumer Tissue. Organic sales fell 2%, driven by results in North America. Consumer Tissue operating margins of 18.1% were up 110 basis points with benefits from cost savings and lower input costs. In our third segment, K-C Professional, organic sales were down 1%. That included a 1-point impact from lower sales of nonwovens to Halyard Health. K-C Professional operating margins were 19.6%. That's up 100 basis points year-on-year, driven by higher net selling prices and cost savings. So, overall, it was a soft quarter on the top line and a tough environment. Nonetheless, we delivered significant cost savings, improved our margins and increased cash flow. We also continue to improve our balance sheet efficiency and allocate capital in shareholder friendly ways. I'll now turn it over to Tom.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks, Maria, and good morning, everyone. I'll share my perspectives on our third quarter results, and then I'll comment on our full year outlook. So starting with the third quarter. As Maria mentioned, our organic sales were about even year-on-year and reflected a more challenging economic and competitive environment. Regardless of the reasons, I'm not satisfied with our top line results, and I expect some improvement in the fourth quarter. On the other hand, I am broadly encouraged with our current market share positions, so we are holding up well in a challenging environment. Let me give you some details about our third quarter sales and market conditions. In developing and emerging markets, organic sales were up 3%. That compares to a 5% growth in the second quarter as performance improved in China but softened in Latin America, particularly in Brazil and Argentina. In Brazil, organic sales in Personal Care fell about 5% year-on-year due to lower volumes. Results were impacted by competitive promotion activity and an even more difficult economic environment. We'll be launching more innovation in the next few quarters in Brazil while making sure we protect our brands appropriately. In Argentina, while selling prices were up in the quarter, volumes were down low double-digits in a challenging consumer environment. Category volumes are declining at about the same rate as our volume decline and have worsened over the last three months. Now looking outside of Latin America. In Eastern Europe, organic sales in diapers increased 10% due to broad-based volume growth on Huggies across the region. In China, organic sales in diapers were up low single-digits as strong volume growth was mostly offset by lower selling prices. Looking ahead in China, we expect our volume momentum will continue with benefits from innovation and healthy category demand. We also expect the promotion environment will remain competitive. So, overall, while organic growth in developing and emerging markets has moderated this year, that's mostly because of slower economic growth which has resulted in weaker category dynamics. In most of our key businesses, our market positions are generally improving or holding steady. I'm still very optimistic about our long-term growth prospects in developing and emerging markets because of the inherent category penetration opportunities that exist in this part of the world. Nonetheless, given the volatility in the current environment, it's difficult to predict when growth will pick back up significantly. Turning to our North American consumer businesses. Consumer Tissue volumes were down about 3%. The comparison included impacts from changes in the timing of promotional shipments and 6% growth in the year ago period. Year-to-date, our volumes were up 2% in this business. That's a good indicator of our ongoing performance. And in addition, our market shares in the third quarter were relatively stable sequentially. So we expect better volume performance going forward compared to the third quarter. Personal Care volumes in North America were up 1% compared to 10% growth last year. Child care volumes were up double-digits. They benefited from innovation and category growth. Baby wipes volumes were also up double-digits in the quarter. Volumes were off low single-digits in diapers and mid single-digits in adult care. Both businesses had double-digit growth last year with increased promotion shipments and benefits from innovation. Competitive promotion activity has also picked up somewhat recently particularly in adult care. Our market shares in the third quarter were stable in diapers and down about one point in adult care. In terms of overall market shares in North America, our positions remain healthy. Shares improved or were even with prior year levels in seven of eight consumer categories on a year-to-date basis and in five of eight categories in the third quarter. Now moving beyond sales. We continue to manage with financial discipline. As Maria highlighted, we delivered another quarter of strong performance on cost savings, margins, return on invested capital and cash generation while we continue to allocate capital in shareholder friendly ways. These results demonstrate the continued strength of our business. Now moving on to our outlook. We remain optimistic about our long-term future. We'll continue to execute our innovation, marketing and targeted growth initiatives to grow our brands. We'll also continue to focus on improving the profitability and efficiency of our businesses. In terms of our guidance for full year 2016, we expect organic sales growth of 2%. Our previous target was 3%. On the bottom line, we're targeting full year adjusted earnings per share in a range of $5.95 to $6.05. Compared to our previous guidance, we've lowered the top end of the range by $0.10 per share to reflect our new organic sales estimate. Our earnings outlook represents year-on-year growth of 3% to 5% which I believe is pretty solid performance in this environment. Over the next three months, we'll continue to assess the environment and finalize our detailed operating plans for 2017. And as we always do, we'll provide our guidance for the coming year in January when we announce year end earnings. So, in summary, while it's been a more difficult environment to generate top line growth this year, we are competing effectively and our market positions are in good shape. We're managing the company with financial discipline, and we continue to execute our global business plan strategies for long-term success and shareholder return. That wraps up our prepared remarks, and now we'll begin to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you.
Paul J. Alexander - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: David, are you there? We're ready for questions.
Operator: Our first question is going to come from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. Can you guys hear me? Tom? Paul? Hello?
Operator: Our question comes from Lauren Lieberman.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Hey, Lauren, sorry. We had a little mix up there. Good morning.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That's okay. No problem. Good morning. Okay. So first I actually wanted to ask about was margin performance. Because you showed really good margin expansion in both Consumer Tissue and K-C Professional even with volumes down. So is that  is it because those businesses have been where most of the cost savings activity is, or is it more about the deflation? Because I think that's sort of an interesting dynamic to think about as we look into next year.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, I mean if you looked at the cost savings by segment, I mean it was relatively proportionate. In fact, if anything, Personal Care was probably a little heavier than Consumer Tissue. I think, yeah, you probably had more of the competitive pricing activity particularly in some of the emerging markets like China affecting Personal Care. On the deflation side, it was only $10 million, but again most of it was pulp. So that did benefit Consumer Tissue probably a little bit more than Personal Care.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And when you think about the margin expansion and the productivity work, a couple places in your remarks you mentioned the promotional environment. And I think I'm having a hard time getting my arms around how much of the sort of deceleration that you've seen, not just this year but also with it getting more severe this quarter, would you tie to the competitive environment, the macro environment and whether or not you think there'll be a need or desire to spend back more to kind of continue to protect market share positions or to stimulate category growth?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: That's sort of the interesting question I think in this environment. So I'd say there's question that there's less growth out there in lots of places. And so Latin America was certainly the case where categories have gone negative in a big way due to some of the economic impacts in places like Argentina. And there's just as many people chasing that growth, and so that does make it more competitive. On the other hand, you saw some pretty heavy up activity in some markets in the third quarter that probably won't repeat at the same level. There was some very heavy adult care couponing in North America, for example, by both of our primary competitors, think $14 digital coupons on a $13 item. We don't see that reoccurring. It was probably more of a one-time thing. We also saw some pretty big easy ups couponing, more like a $5 coupon, which is way above normal in that market as they were launching a new product. And again, don't see that continuing at that level. And we didn't match those offers, but that does affect your short-term volume while that stuff is working its way through the market.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So is that the expectation because particularly it sounds like in North America Personal Care, some of the promotional activity, you're assuming it doesn't continue and that helps with the  because you need things to accelerate pretty significantly Q4 versus Q3 to do the 2% for the full year total company.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: I think it's not as big a step up as you think. There are a lot of things across the company that should be better sequentially. So, if you looked at KCP, we had about a point drag from Halyard. That rolls off in the fourth quarter. Europe was also very weak in KCP which some of that was Brexit-related. That's gotten a little bit better sequentially. So we'll see how that plays out in the fourth quarter. If you looked at Consumer Tissue, there was more of a promotion timing 2Q versus 3Q. If you look at our year-to-date volume, we're up a couple percent on Consumer Tissue in North America and expect to have a solid fourth quarter versus the negative trend in the third quarter. So there's a number of things that were probably working against us in the third quarter that will make the comparison a little easier in the fourth quarter.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And so it sounds like particularly KCP and Consumer Tissue  those are the two? I think the Personal Care comparisons was something a lot of people had their arms around, but the volume seeming shortfall in KCP and Consumer Tissue is what really felt pretty surprising. So it feels like (16:21)
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: (16:21) the biggest miss versus our plan as well.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. All right. I'll pass it on. Thank you so much.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks, Lauren.
Paul J. Alexander - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks, Lauren.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Good morning, Jason.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey. Good morning, folks. Thanks for the question. I guess I want to pick up first on Lauren's line of questioning, maybe from a slightly different angle. As you think about your categories and the growth trajectory in the markets which you operate, do you have a sense of how fast they were growing last year and how fast they're growing now?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, we don't measure that on a quarterly basis. We would have said last year the global growth rate was somewhere in the 3% to 4% range. We haven't redone the math for this year, but I would say it's going to be at the low end or even slightly lower than the low end if I would have to guess. Just when you see places like Argentina where we were tracking mid single negative category growth through the first half of the year and saw kind of double-digit category dips in the third quarter. That and Brazil would be the other big market that's had kind of mid single-digit negative category growth comps. Those would be things that would be a bigger drag on that standpoint. Yeah, that and the pricing environment of China's probably the other one that's a big shift this year relative to what it would have been doing last year. And so we'll take another look at it going into 2017, but I would guess it's certainly lower than the 3% to 4% we had estimated last year
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's helpful. And speaking of going into 2017, I know you're not in a position to give guidance, so I wouldn't ask you to at this point in time. But we can't help thinking about the business's trajectory into next year with some of the fading momentum we have right now. It sounds like year-to-date, I think FX all-ins have been about a 12% headwind. Consuming sort of flatlined in the fourth quarter. You're looking at sort of maybe a 9-point drag to EPS this year. Implying constant currency despite the top line decel, you're still posting pretty solid double-digit earnings growth. Assuming rates hold, FX abates next year, what are some of the offsets that would prevent you from kind of getting to that sort of constant currency growth rate whether it be sort of inflation, what you see on that front, clearly slower end markets, et cetera? Any thoughts you can provide on that front would be appreciated.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, again, you're right. We'll give you a more complete look in January. And I'd say for us, it tends to start with our outlook on category growth and some of that's driven by what's going on economically, and so we're  every economic forecast it seems like that we look at lately has a lower GDP growth number than the one before it. So we're not expecting a snapback from category growth. In terms of  as we tend to look at the combination of input price, currency and commodity costs, that probably still net feels like a drag year-on-year going into 2017. On the other hand, we've also seen lots of big swings between now and the end of the year. And so we have a number of other events happening between the presidential election and two more Fed meetings. So we'll see where we're at on that calculus a couple of months from now.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Very good. Thank you, guys. I'll pass it on.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks, Jason.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wendy Nicholson with Citigroup.
Wendy C. Nicholson - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Good morning.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Hi, Wendy.
Wendy C. Nicholson - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): I just had a quick question sort of following up on Brazil specifically. Because when we visited you guys down there, I mean we were struck by just how strong the business was. You specifically chosen to play in the higher tiers, and historically, and even last year when things were tough economically you guys were still doing really, really well. So I'm just wondering if you can just speak a little bit more about Brazil. Is it specifically the diaper business or is it the fem care business more that has deteriorated and is it  do you really think it is the economic situation? Are people trading down? Are they doing without? Or is it just the competitive environment? If you can speak to the pricing environment specifically that would be great. Thank you.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, sure. That's an important market. So it's  I would say if there was all of the above on your  as an option for your answer, I'd probably  it's probably a little bit of all of those things but let me go category by category. So fem care for us, doing really well. I think we're up three share points year-to-date. Category leadership, have launched a bunch of innovation, and I'd say that business looks pretty solid overall. Diapers has been more competitive. Category has been weaker. There has been some trade down in the category as well, and you see more tier two growth. It's been more competitive. And so from a pricing standpoint, promotion standpoint, there's been more activity on that front as well. And I think within that, you've seen some either it's household inventory destocking or it's moms who were using four or five diapers a day now using three or four diapers a day. And so you take one diaper a day out of the equation, and that's a double-digit category decline for that consumer. And so I think it takes a little while to get household panel data to really understand what's driving that. But it's gone on for long enough now, it's probably more than just inventory destocking where you're actually seeing the middle class in some cases in Brazil are getting poorer and having to make tough trade-offs. You'd certainly see the same kind of phenomenon in Argentina as well as they're moving to more of a market-based economy in some areas that's putting big pressure on consumer wallet. So while we're still well positioned and bullish long-term on Brazil, it's been a tough economic environment. You've had a recession for the second year in a row. Their overall outlook is not that optimistic. And economies run on expectations and until people start to believe it's going to get better, it's not going to snap back probably.
Wendy C. Nicholson - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): And if you see people really trading down or even not leaving the category but just using less, I mean would you contemplate a more aggressive pricing action there to sort of spur consumption? Or are you still happy to play at the relative premium end and you want to preserve that position?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: And then in Brazil, we have a very strong tier two business. So we are  we actually are continuing to drive that and are benefiting in that area. But net-net if the whole category is down, it has been  it hasn't been enough to stimulate the consumer to use more at this point anyway.
Wendy C. Nicholson - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got it. And then just ballpark, I know you don't break out advertising as a percentage of sales on a quarterly basis. But of the sort of roughly high 3%s, 4%, I mean this year, are we trending kind of at that same level. Or has there been any change, up or down for you?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: No, I think year-to-date, we're almost right on. As a percent of sales, it's 3.8% or 3.9%, something like that. So very little movement. And I think the thing that you don't see is that we're probably doing more digital couponing which shows up as a reduction of net sales, which can factor into our price column of our analysis of change in sales. But there's been more competitive couponing activity as well.
Wendy C. Nicholson - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Fair enough. Okay. Thank you so much.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks, Wendy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Hey, Caroline.
Caroline Levy - CLSA Americas LLC: Good morning. Thank you. Hi. I'd like to ask for a little more explanation of what you think is going on in China. Our surveys there are not  I guess the retailers and distributors are not really talking about price discounting, but you're obviously seeing it. So I'm just wondering if you can talk by channel where the pricing pressure is coming from and maybe even by competitor? Just trying to understand what's going on. And I don't know if you have any more specifics on the volume growth.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, I mean the volume growth for us was very strong, particularly in newborn, and we're expecting and seeing a stronger birth rate in China that was back end loaded this year. And it's really across all classes of trade. We tend to look at modern retail baby superstores and then e-commerce as our, sites that we have data and insight into, and we're doing well and growing strong double-digits in both  in all of those categories. In terms of the pricing, I think, again, that's a place where it's one of the fastest growing markets in the world, and you're seeing lots of competitors chasing it. So the two Japanese competitors as well as P&G are all very aggressive, and it's probably one of those things, Caroline, where everyone thinks the other guy started the price war, but we're all trying to drive our business in that market. And our shares are pretty stable overall, and we've got good innovation in the market and more coming. And so we feel pretty good about our position in that market.
Caroline Levy - CLSA Americas LLC: So, yeah, just on that innovation, do you have different product by channel? So, for example, for online, would you have different innovation? And what's been driving the growth this year?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: No, I mean it's a pretty similar product lineup. You may have different pack counts or pack sizes by channel. And for us, as we said, newborn has been a strong driver this year, but our premium lineup is continuing to do well in China overall, tier five, which we would call it. But our top-of-the-line Huggies products are doing well in China.
Caroline Levy - CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you. Just last question, do you see this persisting, this competitive environment?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: I don't think it's going to get any easier any time soon because China is one of the best growth opportunities available in the world right now, and I think it's going to be the biggest consumer market at some point in time in just about every category. And everyone's trying to build a position there, and we're certainly among them.
Caroline Levy - CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you so much.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks, Caroline.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey, guys.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Hey, Ali.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: I'm not sure I'm getting a very clear picture about the split of the slowdown between competition and just the economy around the world. So I know it's tough to tell, but is it 50-50? Is it 60-40? How should we think about splitting that? Because going forward, between competition and economic slowdown, we obviously try to figure out which one of those is going to get better. But maybe start with kind of what's the split here? Is it P&G and the Japanese companies we've heard them before, just like you just said a second ago getting super aggressive in China? Is it economic slowdown? Can you just give us some more quantification of which one is really driving it? Because it sure feels like, in my editorial comment, it sure feels like since basically Q4 last year, we've been hearing, look, China's just a one-time thing. It was single day. And then we heard, oh no, people are getting more aggressive in China, but it's really because it's VAT issue. And then now it doesn't sound like it's that benign. And then similarly, in the U.S. and in Latin America, we kept thinking, look, things are okay, things are okay, and things will slow down quite dramatically. So I'm still trying to unearth this economics versus kind of competition.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, that's fair, Ali. So, if I were to give it to you regionally, I'd say in Latin America, it's probably more category decline than competitive activity. Although, when the category is declining, you do still have more competitive activity as everyone is trying to hang on to their share of the business. In China, it's more competitive activity. The categories are fine. The birth rate is fine. In China, you're seeing good underlying category growth on a unit volume standpoint. In North America, honestly, on a year-to-date basis, we're fine. We had a tougher third quarter. We had tougher comps for sure in a lot of areas because of some of the launch activity last year. But if I looked at Consumer Tissue in North America which had a negative comp, it had more to do with we had a little heavier promotional schedule in the second quarter where we had great volume growth than we did in the third quarter where we went backwards. We're expecting to finish with a strong fourth quarter, and that business is on track from a share perspective. Europe  Eastern Europe  I'd say Western Europe and the U.K. was pretty weak overall economically. Some of the reaction to the Brexit vote, you had a lot of people that didn't want to hold inventory for a while and had fairly weak growth in both the consumer and the KCP side. Eastern Europe is essentially fine. It's competitive, about like normal. Categories are performing reasonably well. So it is more of a region-by-region assessment. You do have some of both factors in both places. But I don't know if that helps you understand it better, but that's probably how I would break it down for you.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: No, it certainly helps. And to tie that a little bit to your share position, so healthy shares on average, not  it sounds like when you're saying not, not losing share. So should we expect your competitors to deliver kind of zeros organic sales growth, or are there things that you think may make the category be growing faster than you're growing, e.g., tough compares or what have you. Because it just  it feels like a lot of this is  if you're not losing share, everyone else is going to have to be feeling some pain as well. Is that a fair assessment?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Well, we'll find out I guess this week. So  but that would be my assessment.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay.
Paul J. Alexander - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: I mean I think, Ali, I would just add it's probably better to look at results through nine months. As Tom said, there was a lot of noise in the third quarter, and I think if you look at through nine months, that's probably a better reflection of how we're doing.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then the last thing I just want to throw in again on this topic is kind of almost what I started with in terms of how should we  why should we expect this getting better? I mean it feels like competition is not going away yet. I don't know if you guys are seeing anything that suggests the macroeconomic situation in Latin America or whatever is getting better. You hear from Walmart that they're going to have to put in more private label to fight all the (31:50) in the U.S. It just feels like there's more brewing here that may make it tougher before it gets better and wanted to just get your reaction, given you guys see many more things than we do.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, I mean, I would agree with the statement that it's not going to get better quickly. I don't expect a snapback here. On the other hand, there are some green shoots in some places. I'm encouraged by the volume growth in China, the birth rate in China. We've got lots of good innovation coming in lots of places. I look at our fem care business, for example, where we've seen share growth in the vast majority of the categories that we compete in around the world, and there's consumers still responding to innovation. We still got good growth opportunities for adult care overall. And it's a little bit more competitive in North America, but we've seen good growth outside North America. And so, while there's  maybe we're going through a tougher economic period of time. I do think in the long-term, there's still lots of room for category penetration here.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks very much, as usual.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks, Ali.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Powers with UBS.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. Yeah, I may have missed a bit. Can you talk a bit more about what drove the Tissue mix  or sorry, Tissue miss in North America? I know you cited the promotional timing shifts into Q2, but that should have been foreseeable. So I'm just trying  I'm trying to figure out where the miss versus your own expectations resided?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, I mean it's one that, again, we didn't give you guys quarterly guidance, but it was one that we expected to do a little bit better in the third quarter than we did. Some of it was our primary competitor in North America probably did a better job of executing against the Olympics promotions, and while we had activity, it didn't compare at the same level. And so we'll have a little stronger program in the fourth quarter. On the other hand, we did have a very strong second quarter. And last year, our comps were tougher. So it made it look worse than maybe it would. If you looked at it on a year-to-date basis, it looks fairly similar.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then if I can drill into Russia, you seem pleased with the Eastern European trends in general. But if I just triangulate it, it seems like Russia is a little bit softer than what I would have expected based on your commentary coming out of Q2. Can you just expand on that a little bit?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: I mean, overall, I mean it was up double-digits in the quarter across Russia, Ukraine, CIS which would be what we would all bucket into those categories. And I'd say, Russia and CIS are probably performing the best. Ukraine is maybe less negative than it was in the past, but that's still an economy that is under quite a bit of stress with everything else that's going on in that market. But overall, I'd say our Russian business is on track for the year with our expectations.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Okay. And then lastly if I could. I know you don't expect a snapback, but to the questions earlier, the Q4 outlook implied in the full year guidance does feel like somewhat of a snapback to more or less normal. Is all of that Consumer Tissue renormalizing, or should we expect sequential improvement in both Personal Care and Tissue.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, I mean, it's one that I think to hit our revised full year guidance, we only need, Paul, what, about a point of growth in the fourth quarter...
Paul J. Alexander - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: ...versus zero in the third quarter. So it's not a huge uptick to be able to round (35:23) the 2% growth for the year. So it's one that, again, I think that's doable across a number of places. But overall, I would expect the ones that were off the most in the third quarter will have the biggest opportunity to close the gap.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Olivia tong with the Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you. Tom, first question is just when you characterize your market shares as sort of broadly healthy and you're broadly encouraged by them, are you talking about dollar share or volume share?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: We typically look at dollar share. We look at both. But the one that we probably focus more on is dollar share. So when you hear us talk about it externally, it's typically dollar share.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Because when you talk about specific categories, you talk a lot about volume. And when I look across Nielsen data it looks like a couple of the categories you are sort of trending downwards particularly in some of the developed markets, U.S., for example. And then a couple of the emerging markets so just wanted to clarify that. And then also, going into Q4 and also into 2017, when you think about what's driving that improvement, is it coming primarily from volume or  and what do you think about mix in price and roles that they play in terms of driving that organic sales acceleration?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, I would expect that the sequential improvement will be mostly volume based particularly in North America. I don't expect to see any big pricing improvements. There's no major price increases that are happening in any of the categories.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. And then just can you update us on your view of sort of what the industry is growing at in your categories? More so for the medium-term rather than the very short- or long-term and has there been any change in terms of what you think the industry will grow at.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, so we had commented on that a little earlier. Typically, our long-term outlook has had the categories growing 3% to 4%. And we haven't remeasured that for what we think actually happened in 2016 or what we think might happen in 2017, and we'll give you another look at that when we give you guidance in January. My guess is that it had slowed down just because of the category declines that we've seen in Latin America as well as the pricing activity that we've seen in China. Those two together would probably  those are all large markets and would definitely bring down the category growth rates a bit.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thank you.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks, Olivia.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge Research.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Good morning.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Thank you, guys. Good morning. I just want to ask about the cash flow. The last time, I mean, excellent cash flow performance. And I'm wondering two things. The last time you spent at this rate on CapEx which you lowered for the full year, it was back in 2009 when obviously there were some very different macro dynamics. And I guess with a very strong cash flow performance, is that something we should expect going forward? What are your sort of priorities for allocation with this outperformance? And does that signal anything about your expectations for structural growth? Because I think in prior periods, it probably did. Thank you.
Maria Henry - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Sure. We did have really strong cash flow in the quarter as you saw, and we had really good performance in working capital particularly in reducing inventories. And that came through to help our cash flow numbers. In terms of CapEx, we do expect that we'll be below our original guidance that we gave coming into the year. But that is driven by a couple of things. First, we have had really strong productivity this year and you see that showing up in our FORCE cost savings as one of the levers that we use to drive that. And we also do have slower volume and sales growth than we expected coming into the year. And so we're very rigorous on what we spend capital on and making sure that we're matching up the timing of when we're putting assets in the ground with our expectations and with slower volume growth this year, our capital is lower than we expected. This is an area that we continue to drive. You know that we've set up a global supply chain organization last year, and that organization is partnering with the finance organization and the operating teams are continuing to drive added rigor into our capital process. And so we're not changing our long-term expectation there, but we are incredibly rigorous on that. And we'll flex the CapEx spend with the needs of the business. I wouldn't take it as a signal for anything else other than just where we are as a company this year.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erin Lash with Morningstar.
Erin Lash - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Hi. Thank you for taking the question. I wanted to ask specifically about China and the growth, the organic sales that you cited with regards to diapers, seem to be an improvement. How much maybe was that driven by the just overall category demand as opposed to innovation? And then more broadly with regards to innovations across the categories that you compete in, I guess in light of the tough macro backdrop as well as intense competitive activity, do you see your innovation skewing either more to the premium or the value end or has that not really shifted in light of what's going on? Thank you.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, those are good questions. And so I mean, if we look at China today, the birth rate is definitely helping. And we expect more live births this year. And it could be as much as 7% more live births in 2016 than there was in 2015. You're still seeing GDP per capita go up in China so more consumers have more money to spend in categories like ours, which helps. We're continuing to drive our city expansion, so we're in now 130 cities where we started the year at 115. And so we've got more geography to cover as well which is fueling our growth. And we continue to launch innovation. And so we've been driving some improved newborn products, and that has really helped drive a lot of our near-term volume growth. But we've also  we're also driving diaper pants hard across a number of tiers both mainline and premium tiers. And so I think there's a combination of those factors has really helped our volume growth this year.
Erin Lash - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): And then with regards to innovation more broadly I guess across the categories in which you play where that kind of maybe  if that's skewing one way or the other?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: China tends to skew a bit premium. The golden baby phenomena is alive and well in China, and Chinese moms and dads invest a lot in their child and hopefully children as they go to more than a one child policy. And we tend to see the best for baby as a strong pull for our business in China.
Erin Lash - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Okay. And then in a more competitive or I guess challenging economic environment like Brazil, would that still skew more premium or would that be more balanced or skewed maybe to value?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, Brazil you are seeing a bit more trade down, more growth in the lower tier products. There still is a segment of the consumer that has money to spend and will pay more for best for baby, so you've got to balance your innovation across those tiers. But you are seeing more emphasis on the value equation in markets like Brazil and Argentina.
Erin Lash - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Thank you very much. That's helpful.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks, Erin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Iain Simpson with Socit Gnrale.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Hello, Iain.
Iain E. Simpson - Socit Gnrale SA (Broker): Thanks very much. Hi there. Good morning, everyone. Just a couple of questions from me. I wondered if you could just talk a little bit more about the pricing environment in Chinese diaper? I know you have touched on it, but I seem to recall at the second quarter stage you talked about it being down about mid teens year-on-year. I was just wondering if that was a sort of similar level in the third quarter. And also I think in some kind of other infant channels. We've seen some destocking in the C2C channel. I just wondered if there were any signs of that there? And then moving on to Tissue, really high level, but your comp in the Q4 is a couple of points tougher than your comp in the Q3 yet you're talking about an improvement despite that. Any color you can give onto the drivers of this a bit more on whether you think there's a risk that lower input costs from pulp coming down does translate into a tougher pricing environment would be great. Thanks.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Okay. On China pricing and  broadly, I would say the market got a little bit more competitive in Q3 than in Q2. And so again, you saw lots of innovation, lots of good global competitors trying to drive their business. And the Chinese consumer is the beneficiary of that for sure. I wouldn't say we've seen any significant destocking impacts in any of our businesses. I mean we have a pretty big e-comm presence in China, and that business tends to be relative for us at least, relatively efficient low inventory. And it flows pretty directly to the consumer. So again, China  good growing competitive market. We're competing well, and we feel pretty good about our position there. On the Tissue comps, I mean again, we had a weaker promotional calendar in the third quarter as it turned out than we needed, and we expect to have a stronger quarter going into the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter is also typically a little bit better facial tissue quarter, so we'll see how cold and flu shapes up. And on the pulp question, at the levels of pulp chains that we're seeing, I wouldn't expect that to have much impact on pricing.
Iain E. Simpson - Socit Gnrale SA (Broker): Thank you very much.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks, Iain.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, Tom. (46:32). Hey, can you just talk a bit more about the timing of the promotional activity? Because it seems like you probably were planning on some promotions in the back half of the year, and they didn't come through. So how does that happen I guess is the first question. I think it was Cottonelle and Huggies and Diva had like a really good back half last year. And so you have to lap it again, I think this year. And then a couple follow-ups. The fourth quarter year guide to get to 2% is between 1.5% organic and 5% organic. So, if I heard you right, you kind of think it's going to be the low end of that 1.5% to 5%. Is that fair? And then the last one is just on the SG&A leverage which was great. Can you just talk about what's driving the SG&A growing substantially lower than sales and how sustainable that is?
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Okay. You've got a pretty eclectic list there, Bill.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I know. I wanted to get them all in.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Yeah, on the Tissue growth, some of it is timing of promotions and when they ship. I think overall we had a pretty good promotional calendar. On the other hand, we probably underestimated the impact of front-of-ad circular Olympic stuff and how much lift that would provide to a primary competitor. So, in some cases, we had the promotion, we just didn't get as much of it as we thought we were going to get. And that obviously has lapped, and we'll expect a little stronger performance going into the fourth quarter. And so we feel pretty good about the lineup we've got, and again, year-to-date, we feel like the Tissue business in North America is at or ahead of its plan. So we're comfortable with what we're doing on that front. The fourth quarter comps, essentially I would say is that to get to the low end of our guidance, we only need to deliver one. So to put that in perspective, I wouldn't say I was predicting that, and we'll see what it looks like when we post it in January. As you guys know, I'd rather give you guys annual guidance anyway, and this is the one quarter of the year where I have to give you quarterly guidance, otherwise I'd just rather talk about where we're going from an annual plan and not manage the business quarter-to-quarter. SG&A growth. We are maybe Maria, you want to comment on that, because we are really trying to make sure we're focused on controlling that element of our P&L that we can control.
Maria Henry - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Sure. We also have some currency FX when you look on the face of the P&L and SG&A. If you unpack that and look, locally, we actually have SG&A increases in some places, particularly in Personal Care where we continue to invest in our capabilities and building that business out in developing and emerging markets. We also operate in some high inflationary environment. And so again, when you strip the currency, we have increasing SG&A in some places because of inflation. But we balance it out. We continually look at our SG&A spend to make sure that we're directing as much of it toward growth-oriented initiatives and then have extreme rigor on the more discretionary non-growth oriented core SG&A spend.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, we have no further questioners in the queue.
Paul J. Alexander - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: All right. Well, we appreciate all the questions, everyone, and we'll wrap up with a comment from Tom.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Well, once again, thank you all for spending some time with us this morning. We hope to deliver a little stronger performance in the fourth quarter, and thank you again for your support of Kimberly-Clark.
Paul J. Alexander - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's presentation. You may disconnect your phone lines, and thank you for joining us this morning.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul J. Alexander - Vice President-Investor Relations Maria Henry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Wendy C. Nicholson - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC Iain E. Simpson - Socit Gnrale SA (Broker) Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc. Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Caroline Levy - CLSA Americas LLC Erin Lash - Morningstar, Inc. (Research) Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we now have your presenters and conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of the presentation, we will open the floor for questions. At that time, instructions will be given and to the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Paul Alexander.
Paul J. Alexander - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's Second Quarter Earnings Conference call. Here with us today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Maria Henry, CFO; and Mike Azbell, VP and Controller. Now here's the agenda for the call. Maria will begin with a review of second quarter results. Tom will then provide his perspectives on our results and the outlook for the full year. We'll finish with Q&A. As usual, we have a presentation of today's materials in the Investors section of our website. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for a further discussion of forward-looking statements. We'll also be referring to adjusted results and outlook, both exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. The release has further information about these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. And now, I'll turn it over to Maria.
Maria Henry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining our call today. Let me start off with the headlines for the quarter. Organic sales were up 3% with volume growth of 4%. We achieved significant cost savings, improved our margins and grew adjusted earnings per share. And we also increased cash flow, improved our capital efficiency and return cash to shareholders. Now let's cover the details starting with sales. Our second quarter net sales were $4.6 billion. That's down 1% with a 4-point drag from currency rates. Organic sales rose 3% in the quarter. That included a 7% volume increase in North American consumer products and 5% organic growth in developing and emerging markets. Tom is going to provide some more color on our top line in just a few moments. On profitability, second quarter adjusted gross margin was 36.3%, up 50 basis points compared to the prior year. Adjusted operating margin was 18%. That's up 100 basis points. Our teams continue to deliver significant cost savings in order to improve profitability and fund growth investments on our brands. Second quarter FORCE cost savings were $95 million. We have had strong performance on cost savings in the first half and we're now targeting $350 million to $400 million in FORCE cost savings for the full year. In addition, our organization restructuring remains on track and generated $15 million of savings in the quarter. Commodities continued to be favorable, delivering $20 million of benefit, mostly from lower fiber costs. We expect full year deflation of $25 million to $125 million, which is broadly in line with our previous assumption. While currencies have improved since January, they remain a significant headwind year-over-year. The total earnings drag from currency was more than $0.15 per share in the second quarter, and we now expect the full-year drag on EPS to be at least 10%. On the bottom line, second quarter adjusted earnings per share were $1.53, up 9% year-on-year. A lower adjusted effective tax rate contributed about 5 points of that earnings growth. We expect the tax rate will be significantly higher in the second half of the year compared to the first half of the year. Moving on to cash flow and capital efficiency. Cash provided by operations in the second quarter was strong at $860 million. That's up 11% year-on-year. On adjusted return on invested capital halfway through the year, we're up 100 basis points. So, we're on track to easily exceed our long-term goal of 20 basis points to 40 basis points of annual improvement. On capital allocation, second quarter dividend payments and share repurchases totaled nearly $0.5 billion. The full-year amount should be between $2 billion and $2.1 billion. This will be the sixth consecutive year that dividends and share repurchases will total at least $2 billion. Looking at the segment results. In Personal Care, organic sales rose 5%. That included 6% growth in developing and emerging markets and 4% improvement in North America. Overall, Personal Care operating margins were healthy at 20%, although off 50 basis points year-on-year including significant currency headwinds. Moving on to Consumer Tissue. Organic sales were up 2%, led by 4% growth in North America. Consumer Tissue operating margins of 18.4% were up 110 basis points with the benefit of organic sales growth, cost savings and lower input costs. In our third segment, K-C Professional, organic sales were up slightly, including 6% growth in developing and emerging markets. Lower sales of nonwovens to Halyard Health reduced the segment top line by more than 1-point. K-C Professional operating margins were 18.6%. That's up 100 basis points year-on-year driven by cost savings. Before wrapping up, let me recap. We achieved growth in organic sales and adjusted earnings per share, we delivered significant cost savings, margin improvements and cash flow. And we continued to improve our balance sheet efficiency and allocate capital in shareholder-friendly ways. I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Maria, good morning, everyone. I'll share my perspectives on our second quarter results and then I'll comment on our full-year outlook. So overall, we continue to deliver good financial results and we're executing well in a challenging environment. Starting with the second quarter, as Maria mentioned, our organic sales increased by 3%. We made progress on targeted growth initiatives and product innovations, and that helped us achieve volume growth of 4%. In our developing and emerging markets, organic sales were up 5%. Let me comment specifically on some of our key growth markets. In Brazil, organic sales in Personal Care rose about 10% with both selling prices and volumes up year-on-year. While underlying category demand remains down in a tough economic environment, I'm encouraged by our second quarter results following a soft start to the year in the first quarter. Moving to China, our diaper volumes there continue to grow at strong double-digit rates in the quarter and our market positions remained healthy. Nonetheless, because of increased price competition, our organic sales fell high single-digits and that compared to a 30% growth comp last year. Competitive activity picked up during the quarter in China and we responded to protect our market share position and maintain our volume momentum. So I'm very bullish about our business in China. While the current pricing environment is dynamic, we have plans to continue to deliver strong volume growth with benefits from innovation, city expansion and category growth. Moving to Eastern Europe, organic sales in diapers there rose more than 15%. Volumes were up at a double-digit rate led by Huggies in Russia. Selling prices were also up modestly as we've now lapped most of the increases that we took last year. Elsewhere in developing and emerging markets, our feminine care organic sales were up double-digits in the quarter, including strong performances in Latin America, and adult care organic sales were up high single-digits. For the full year, we're now targeting mid-single digit organic sales growth for our developing and emerging markets business. We've lowered our expectations for selling price increases, primarily due to an improved currency outlook in Latin America and Eastern Europe. We have also taken into account the dynamics in China and slowing economies in some parts of the world. I continue to be optimistic about our business in developing and emerging markets. Our market positions are generally improving, or holding steady in most of the key markets we compete in, and we've got lots of innovation coming to help drive our future growth. Now let's turn to our North American consumer businesses. Our teams there delivered another strong quarter with 7% volume growth and healthy market shares. Product innovations, great marketing programs and good retail execution continues to drive results across our portfolio. Promotion activity was also a little higher than average in the second quarter. Our adult care, child care and feminine care volumes each increased by about 10% including benefits from innovations on Poise and Depend, Pull-Ups and U by Kotex. Our Huggies diaper volumes rose mid-single digits and market shares improved by about a point as we continue to make progress following last year's Snug & Dry relaunch. Consumer Tissue volumes improved 6% with mid-to-high single-digit growth in the all categories led by Kleenex facial tissue. So overall, our brand positions are very healthy in North America. Through the first half of the year, market shares improved or were even with prior-year levels in seven of the eight consumer products categories in which we compete. So our volume comparisons will be more difficult in the back half of the year, but I'm encouraged by our execution and our momentum in North America. Moving beyond sales, I'm also encouraged that our teams around the world continue to manage our company with financial discipline. At this point in the year, our FORCE cost savings are tracking to an all-time high. Our adjusted operating margins and return on invested capital are both up 100 basis points, and cash flow has picked up significantly. And Maria has already highlighted our shareholder-friendly capital allocation. So these results demonstrate to me the continued strength of our business. So all-in-all, we've made progress in several areas in the first half of the year. While we've got opportunities to improve further, we're broadly on track with our plans for 2016. Now let's move to our outlook for the full year. On the top line, we expect that currencies will reduce sales by 4% to 5%. Our prior assumption was for a negative impact toward the low end of the 5% to 6% range. In terms of organic sales, we expect growth will be at the low end of our 3% to 5% target range. This assumes less benefits from selling price increases, primarily due to the improved currency outlook. Volume growth, which was 3% in the first half of the year, should drive the vast majority of our organic sales growth for the full year. On the bottom line, we continue to target adjusted earnings per share in a range of $5.95 to $6.15. That's up 3% to 7% year-on-year despite an expected high-single digit drag from the combined impact of changes in currencies, commodities and selling prices. Through six months we're on track relative to our full year earnings impact. That said, as Maria mentioned, the tax rate should be higher sequentially in the back half. We also continue to closely watch currency and commodity markets, competitive activity and economic conditions. So in summary, we continue to execute our global business plan strategies well. We expect to deliver on our financial targets again this year, and we're optimistic about our prospects to continue to generate attractive long-term shareholder returns. That wraps up our prepared remarks, and now we'll begin to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey, guys.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Ali.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey. I wanted to spend a little bit of time just on your top line and the guidance. You decided not to change the guidance. You just kind of pushed people to the lower end, but even to get to the lower end, one would have to expect a little bit of an acceleration going forward, especially because the comp gets a little bit tougher with the 5% organic sales growth. So I'm struggling again to figure out what exactly is going to get better that you anticipate to get to even the low end. I guess you could round there, but just really to get to the low end, feels like a little bit of a stretch given the comps that you have. So a little bit more detail there would be helpful to start.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think, to your point, the volume comps get tougher, but some of the pricing comps get easier in the back half. So some of the Chinese activity that we talked about, that started to accelerate in the back half of last year. And so we'll see that sort of bleed-off. And we've got a lot of innovation coming in the back half and we feel pretty good about the volume momentum in a lot of places, including North America.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: So just go back to China in particular, recently you've been saying Brazil you expect a little bit of a bounce back, China still kind of being tough. Can you update us on those two markets in particular, because those seem to be a little bit of a fulcrum for your top line guidance going forward?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I mean, I think Brazil, if you look at it how the year has played out, it was a pretty start tough to the year with negative volume trends as we pushed pricing into the market. Second quarter the volume was positive in diapers and then a significant amount of price. We'd expect to see more volume in the back half, and so I'd say on  if you look at share positions in Brazil, we're up a couple points in fem care and have a good momentum there, and are down about 0.5 point in diapers and would be looking to close that gap in the back half of the year. In China, we're really expecting the birth rate to pick up as we'd expect to see a little bit more volume come there in the back half. Pricing has been more competitive than we'd anticipated, and we're expecting it's going to continue to be competitive in the back half of the year. And that's probably one of the shifts in our thinking from the first quarter when we talked last.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: So on that, I mean, there's kind of a recurring theme throughout the release in your commentary about product mix being tough. I think it's the first time in many quarters that we've seen that promo being somewhat unfavorable in lots of regions. How much of that is centralized on China? It certainly doesn't seem that way. It feels like it's across the board. And how much of that I guess is consumers trading down versus competitive situation? And why do you think that gets better? Thanks.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I mean, a lot of the negative mix in the quarter was actually in North America and it has a lot to do with large-count packs. And timing of promotional activity in some of the larger format retail was probably the biggest single driver of that, and that had more to do with, did we promote in the second quarter versus the first quarter or the third quarter last year, and we had a little heavier activity this year in the second quarter, and that's probably a part of it.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Ali.
Paul J. Alexander - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Ali.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wendy Nicholson with Citigroup.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Wendy.
Wendy C. Nicholson - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Good morning. Can you talk a little bit more about China? And I guess my question is maybe bigger picture. It seems like in baby care, there's been tremendous downward pressure on pricing and lower price competition. But from other companies, we hear the opposite; that consumers are appealing to more premium-priced products. What's the difference with baby care? Do you think it lasts? Do you think there's something just structurally about the economics of the category that will keep it a category that's subject to consumers trading down as opposed to up?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean, actually the consumers are trading up in terms of product format. So if you look at the Tier-5 super-premium type products, those segments are still growing. And so the issue is you've got  it's one of the largest diaper markets in the world. It's probably one of the fastest-growing diaper markets in the world on unit volume, and so you've got us and a couple of big Japanese players and P&G all competing in that same space. And I know everybody thinks the other guy started the fight, but it's gotten more price competitive. And there's also a channel issue whereas we're  e-commerce is growing dramatically in that space and retailers are also trying to make sure they don't lose their share of that young family's market basket. And so there's a lot of competition and promotional activity and the manufacturers like us are certainly fully participating.
Wendy C. Nicholson - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): But I'm trying to think of in the past in any other market where you've had so many players all trying to eke out their share of the market, and granted, the market is growing and that's great, but I'm just struggling to say why is it ever going to get any better from a pricing perspective now that you've had a whole bunch of companies invest in the market, et cetera, et cetera. I don't see what breaks the logjam, if you will.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, we say in the short-term, we're not projecting it's going to get better. I mean, our comps get easier because some of this started in the fourth quarter of last year. You can also see some of the  as the yen has strengthened, you would think that there's more pressure being put on some of the other international competitors that import. But I'd say in the short-term, we'd expect that China is going to be a pretty competitive market. It's more competitive than we anticipated. On the other hand, we've generated innovation and cost savings and our gross margins there are still attractive, and we think the growth is still a place that is worth investing in.
Wendy C. Nicholson - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Got it. And then just a quick follow up. I noticed, I think that you bought in your joint venture, the 50% you didn't own that Hindustan owned in India. And I know it's a tiny business but I was just curious what drove that decision? Was that them putting their interest to you or did you want to consolidate that interest, and how is that business for you? Thanks.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, sure. It's a small deal. And so the deal hasn't happened yet. I think Hindustan was required under local Indian law to announce that they were considering a transaction. It's a business that we like and like most JVs over time eventually one partner buys it up and takes full control of it. I'd expect that's what will happen here. We're bullish on India long-term, and we'll expect that to happen at some point. But it won't have any significant impact on our financials this year for sure.
Wendy C. Nicholson - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got it. Thanks so much.
Paul J. Alexander - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Wendy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Powers with UBS.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Steve Powers, but okay. Thanks.
Operator: Sorry.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: So given that the lower organic growth you now expect is attributable to lower pricing given the less adverse FX, does that mean you're now reversing some pricing that you already had in place? Are you adding promo, for example, in China, as you called out? Or is it more you not taking additional planned increases as the year progresses?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It's probably  is there a D, all of the above, that I could choose on that one? So it really depends on the market. So there'll be place like Russia and Eastern Europe where we put price in place, it's in the first quarter. Some competitors didn't follow, so you spend some of it back competitively on trade. We have rolled back in a couple of markets those price increases, but then you also don't fund your trade temporary price reductions at the same level. So it doesn't have that much sequential  as much sequential impact on your net price realization. There are other markets where we had more increases planned for the back half of the year that we probably won't go forward with them given that currencies have eased and there's really no economic justification for it, and we don't think it would be likely to be accepted in the marketplace.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. That helps. And then I guess in order for things to get better in the back half, given the more adverse volume comparisons you called out, it seems like you're betting a lot on new innovation benefits to carry you through and push that acceleration. Can you help us with where you expect to see the biggest impacts of H2 innovation, whether by geography or category? I'm sure it's broad-based, but just some directional help would be useful.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, sure. I mean we've got a lot happening in diaper pants and open diapering in a number of our key markets and that will roll market-by-market in the back half. We've got a pretty good lineup of feminine care product innovation coming across the globe, as well. And so you're seeing that fem care, I think we've had, what, Paul, four, five quarters in a row of double-digit emerging market growth and expect that continue to go. Diaper pants was a strong double-digit growth again in a lot of our key markets and expect that to continue. So good pipeline of activity which is essentially what we've been doing. Expect it to continue going forward
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And in North America, was the bigger push in Q2 versus H2?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, North America had a little easier comps versus last year. I think we were only up 2% in volume last year. We were up 5% in the back half, partly because of the Huggies Snug & Dry relaunch. But we've got really good momentum across the business. Tissue volumes were up 6% and expect to see good momentum as we roll through the back-to-school season with Kleenex and have some good things coming there, as well. In Pull-Ups with a double-digit volume growth was the first time we've seen that in a while, saw a little healthier category dynamics, as well, which is probably good innovation on our front, probably a little healthier consumer on the front, as well, and so we'd like to keep that going
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah, and I'll pass it on after this, but just to clarify. Will it cost you as much in the back half to keep that momentum going? Because the promotion investment in Q2 to get that volume growth was pretty steep
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It's a pretty good spend. I would say in a couple of places, it wasn't as much trade funding as it was either FSI coupons or digital coupons in a couple of categories. We also did a few more bonus pack promotions which affect  that gets shown as a reduction of sales. So you'd see our  more of that I would say was strategic, designed at driving innovation in specific categories as opposed to broad-scale trade funding that would tend to be viewed as negative price.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks so much.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Iain Simpson with Socit Gnrale.
Iain E. Simpson - Socit Gnrale SA (Broker): Thanks very much, guys. And just a couple of questions from me, just to go back to China. I mean I might have missed something here, but you're saying you've got good double-digit volume growth, but that overall, organic sales growth was kind of down a fair bit in the second quarter. I mean just mathematically, that suggests that you're saying pricing in China that's kind of negative to the order of mid-teens best and potentially worse than that. If you could comment at all on the kind of impact that's having on your gross margin position there, as kind of everyone's got different cost structures, I guess? And then in terms of Brazil, it's  clearly, you're gaining a lot of share in fem care there. But are you seeing underlying consumer recovery there as well? And should we sort of project that as the run rate for the rest of the year? Any insights would be very welcome. Thank you.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Yeah, on China gross margin, I'd say the team there has done a great job of driving premium mix where we can and taking cost out as well. So our overall K-C International team did a phenomenal job of delivering on their FORCE cost savings, and China certainly was a part of that. And so our Chinese gross margins were down a bit, but nowhere near the level of price change in the market. And so, again, we'd be pretty happy that China's an investable business and with strong gross margin and OP margin potential. On the Brazilian consumer, you're still seeing some negative category trends, and the economic outlook is still not terrific. Although I was on the phone with our guy who runs Brazil last week, and I think there are some early signs of optimism perhaps there that they're things  expecting things to be a little bit better in 2017. And so we'll see. I think the economy's run on expectations and, hopefully, the Brazilian consumer will start to be a little bit more optimistic. And we'll see that translate into category growth. But I would expect for 2016, it's still going to be a challenging category story.
Iain E. Simpson - Socit Gnrale SA (Broker): Thank you very much.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Iain.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge Research.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Good morning. Thanks for the question.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: You showed in Q2 your comfortable weighting volume growth over pricing broadly and that's true in China, but as a result for the whole business. And yeah, it starts  maybe this is hugely counter cultural versus some of your U.S. based peers. So I guess I'm wondering, do you see loyalty and repeat as bigger opportunities in your categories and especially some of those strategic areas you just identified versus what your peers are seeing? Or is there something  and as going forward, if commodities continue to go from being a tailwind to flat, maybe if they became a little bit more of a headwind, how would you sort of look at that commitment to building loyalty and repeat through maintaining the volume momentum? Thanks very much.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Jonathan, it's kind of a deep philosophical question this morning. But my general approach to this and our general approach to it over the years is to say, you're really trying to develop loyal consumers that have a strong habit of using your brands to care for their families. And so you typically want to drive volume growth at least ahead of or tracking with your category that you're in, so that you're improving your volume market share and the percentage of time she's going to use your product to care for her family. And many of our products, particularly as you think about things like feminine care or bath tissue or facial tissue, you start using a product and you use it for your entire life if you find a solution that works for you. And so we typically generate price when there's big commodity swings or when there's big currency swings. Other than that, we tend to plan for core volume growth as the lever to drive our business forward. And I don't know enough about my competitors' strategies in-depth to know if that's that different from the way that I think about it, but  where you can mix through premiumization and through up  driving the consumer into a better performing product. That's also an important element of our strategy, but that's really about giving them good value for a product that works better in the end. So, again, I think where we can drive volume, that's I think the healthiest form of organic growth for us and our business model.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: That's real helpful. Thank you.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Jonathan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Good morning.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Lauren.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I wanted to ask you again about mix in Personal Care emerging markets, because I believe you guys reported that as being negative just 1%, but it's the first time I can recall seeing mix as being a drag. And I mean  I just scrolled back, it's at least two years, probably longer. So if you could just talk a little bit about what happened there? Is it a timing issue? Something with innovation? But are you seeing any kind of less interest in the more premium end of the categories or is it necessarily trade down?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. There's nothing I would call out, but I'll let Paul give you a little bit more color if there's anything else you'd highlight there.
Paul J. Alexander - Vice President-Investor Relations: Yeah. Not real big swings, Lauren, as you mentioned, only down 1%. In a few markets, we actually had really strong growth in diapers in some of our smaller sizes. So, Newborn and then Size 1 and Size 2, which is actually good because we're getting the consumer into the category early on. But those, on average, are a little bit lower price points. So, that's probably the only thing to comment on that really moved the number.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. You got more diapers in the bag, and we sell it at the same price so you get negative mix. It's not necessarily trading down.
Paul J. Alexander - Vice President-Investor Relations: Right.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. All right. That's great. Thank you. And then maybe for Maria, sneak attack with a question for Maria, but I wanted to talk a little bit about cost savings that...
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Maria loves questions, Lauren. Ask her all the questions you want.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: But going back a couple months now, maybe almost a year, Maria, you started talking about opportunities for kind of raising the company's game in terms of annual productivity. So, could you talk about any update to that line of thinking? I know you raised the targets for this year a bit, but just bigger picture, can those annual numbers go higher? And where are you on the process of identifying and starting to institutionalize that thought process?
Maria Henry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure. Our global supply chain team is up and running, and already having an impact on the organization. You see that in our year-to-date performance on FORCE cost savings. If you remember coming into the year, we set a strong expectation for ourselves for 2016. And given the strong performance there, we did raise our outlook for that to $350 million to $400 million. So, we're pleased with that. The add-on benefit that we're getting from the efforts in the global supply chain area are that we're also seeing improvements in inventory, and so we had a very strong cash flow quarter. Our inventory's improved and so, we're seeing good performance across the board. I continue to be optimistic about what we can do in this area. I think that the numbers that we had talked about are, over the long-term, to get to best-in-class, we'd be at a 4% to 5% cost of sales productivity number on an annual basis, and my outlook there hasn't changed. Now again, that's over the long-term, so I'm still bullish on the long-term and very pleased with the performance this year.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then just one final thing, sorry, was on advertising spending, just brand investment in the quarter, kind of up, down, flat. Any change to the outlook on spending for the year?
Maria Henry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. There's really no change in advertising spend on a percent of net sales. What we do see is we do see a shift in some of our categories where we're doing more digital couponing versus advertising. And we're also seeing a stronger shift overall to digital advertising. On certain forms of digital couponing and promotions, they actually are a reduction to net sales. So, there's a little bit of a shift from advertising up to net sales, but in general, we would expect to see our advertising percent to sales be relatively consistent to what you saw last year.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Olivia Tong with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks. Just trying...
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Olivia.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good morning. How are you?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Pretty good.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good. In terms of the dynamics in D&E in Personal Care, just trying to understand your take, because the mix is down but you attributed to entry earlier into the category, Newborn, Size 1, Size 2, et cetera, which would suggest a positive feeling on the macros, but then also you're saying that the macros are challenging. So, can you just help us understand that a little bit better? And then in terms of pricing, specifically to North America in Personal Care, how much of this is promotion to support some of the new products that you have versus just normal defense against competition? How long do you expect that promotional activity to stay elevated at those levels?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. On the D&E mix question, I'd just say, some of the category fundamentals, things like Brazil, we've talked a little bit about where you're actually seeing category unit volumes decline by a couple of percent. That's probably been worse and stayed worse longer than we would have anticipated in our model for the year. And then you're seeing some other economies that are moving a little slower than would have been expected across Latin America, some parts of Eastern Europe as well are probably not quite as robust as they were in our plan at least going into the year. Having said that, in markets like China where you're expecting a little strong birth rate this year, a little uptick in the birth rate, we are investing in newborn and early category entrants to make sure we get more than our fair share of the new babies born in some of those key markets. And so you can see a little mix drag from that. It wasn't a big  a super big impact, but it was big enough to talk about, I guess. As it shifts to the U.S., we had a lot of good stuff happening with the Pull-Ups relaunch continuing through the second quarter, and had strong double digit growth there. Fem care really had a lot of good execution at retail happening, and that was a little bit more promotionally intense, on the other hand, we saw double digit volume growth, which was the first time we've seen that in our fem care business in a while. Adult care, we haven't lapped the Poise Impressa launch, so some of that was lapping that from last year, but we still had high single digit growth in our adult care business ex-Impressa. And have got more good innovation coming. The comps get a little tougher in the back half, but again a lot of it was some of the bonus pack activity, some of the digital coupon activity, as opposed to more trade funding. If anything, I'd say the trade funding levels were pretty consistent year on year. It was maybe more the other strategic marketing investment that was probably a little elevated this quarter.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Thanks. That's very helpful. I hate to ask the question, but just given the divergence in trends in Brazil between fem care and diapers, do you think that Zika is playing any part in terms of the diaper demand? And then just the last question I have is on K-C Pro with volume down in North America, flattish in D&E. Can you talk about your view on these trends because I thought you picked up some share there last quarter, I know part of this reflects the Halyard comp issue, so can you just remind us when that anniversaries, and then your overall thoughts in K-C Pro? Thanks so much.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, sure. On the Zika question, we don't really have a good read on that. Again, it's  we're still in the kind of nine-month gestation period where before you would really I think see any impact from that on the birthrate. And so I don't know if some of the negative category trends we're seeing in Brazil have something to do with the source of the data, our consumers shifting into some less-measured outlets doing more in the down the trade, lower quality products, are some middle class becoming poorer, and not able to afford even the basics. And so I think we're still trying to figure out what's happening with the category. I wouldn't blame much of it on Zika at this stage at least from what we can tell on the data. On the K-C P question, I would say we were happy with some of the emerging market growth on K-C P kind of mid-single-digit and probably a little slower in some of the developed markets in Europe and North America. The Halyard stuff is kind of burning off. The supply agreement, I think, officially wraps up at the end of this year, and we may continue to supply each other after that at some level, but we'd expected that there was going to be a spike last year and it would probably burn off this year and that's kind of playing out.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Olivia.
Operator: Our next question comes from Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hello, Caroline.
Caroline Levy - CLSA Americas LLC: Good morning. Hi. It's Caroline Levy with CLSA. But thank you. I just wanted to ask to clarify, in China when you're talking about pricing being down  high  call it 15%, whatever it is, roughly around there. That does not include the impact of exchange rates, that's not the dollar number; right?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: That's correct. That's correct
Caroline Levy - CLSA Americas LLC: Yeah, I thought so. Thank you. I'm wondering if we could just talk a little bit about Mexico because I think the underlying business in that JV was very strong. What would the equity income have been without the currency translation?
Paul J. Alexander - Vice President-Investor Relations: It would have been up pretty nicely. The peso is down something like 15% year-on-year, so they certainly would have been up.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: 15%. And they would have had some transactional impact as well, because they buy a lot of their raw materials in dollars, as well. So, no, they had a very solid quarter and good performance in local currency. And given the currency impact didn't translate into as many dollars, but they're still executing well on the local market.
Caroline Levy - CLSA Americas LLC: Got it. Thank you. And then could we talk a little longer term about the adult diaper opportunity and Impressa. What you've learned so far with Impressa? And I think adults is still a relatively small percentage of your volume globally. If we could just talk about that for a few minutes it would be helpful.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, sure. The adult care category is probably what, about a billion-dollar category in the U.S., and for us it's a much smaller business outside the U.S. So there's a huge growth opportunity, and there's some international markets where it is, if you looked at Japan for example today, which we don't participate in to any great extent that the adult care category is larger than the diaper category there. And so there's a huge opportunity as the population ages in many parts of the world, and we've got, our adult care business grew high single digits in developing and emerging markets. We also had pretty good performance in Korea. We've got a good adult care business in Australia. So there's pockets where we've seen this start to play out. But we've still got a long way to go to really fully take advantage of the opportunity, I think, and so our teams are focused on getting there as quickly as we can. In terms of Impressa. Again, I would say, so far so good. It's probably maybe a little slower than expected, but it's also one in a new product form. It's sometimes hard to predict how quickly consumers will change habits. So, so far retailers are happy with the movement and we're continuing to look at generating trial. Our repeat rates are where we would hope for. So now it's really focusing on how do we make sure we're getting trial rates up where we'd like them to be and some of that's retail execution, some of that's making sure we're getting the marketing messaging out. And so our teams are continuing to check and adjust, and continue to drive this exciting opportunity for us.
Caroline Levy - CLSA Americas LLC: Great. Thank you. I have one last question, which is more technical. Just given the strong volume in Personal Care in the second quarter, is some of that going to take away from the third quarter? I know you've said you've got a lot of activity, but should we assume, though, that some of it did shift out of the third quarter?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It shouldn't. I mean, we typically don't load customers, and so our stuff is kind of bulky and expensive to ship and store, and so customers typically want it to flow right to the selling floor. And so we should continue to expect consistent results as we move from quarter to quarter.
Caroline Levy - CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you so much. That's great.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Caroline.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erin Lash with Morningstar.
Erin Lash - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Hi. Thank you for taking my question.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Erin Lash - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): I just wanted to follow up on the emerging market diaper business, in particular. There's been a lot of discussion this morning in terms of the mix impact and the smaller sized diapers selling better. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about usage trends among those consumers and the extent to which they've maybe increased their usage of daily diaper use and that sort of  in that context.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I would say overall as a general statement, as GDP per capita increases, a consumer's ability to participate in a category increases. So we see diaper rate usage per day go up as they get more income. And so in a market like China, in the higher income households, you'd see diaper usage per day very similar to any other developed market. And in the more rural markets in China where you have very low GDP, you might see consumers that either use no diapers at all or maybe use one a day just for overnight. And so I think that's when you  as you think about like a market like Brazil, if you've got a middle class consumer who became poor, she may still use diapers for overnight, but she may not use them as frequently during the day. And so I think that's the  in terms of how the economics of the category play out, that's  I think that's true across a number of consumer staple spaces.
Erin Lash - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Thank you. That's very helpful. And then just one last question. In terms of  I know there's been discussion about the lower or I guess a reduced need to take pricing in emerging markets given what we've seen with FX rates. But I was just wondering if you could kind of talk about the retail reception to some of the price increases that you've already put through, and the extent to which you've maybe received pushback or whether that continues to be more of a seamless endeavor?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Erin, it depends on the geography. I'd say in markets where they have  where it's pretty common to have big currency swings, if you looked at most  a number of Latin American markets or Eastern European markets, the retailers are quite understanding of the need for their imported products to  or products with imported raw materials to take price. I mean, that's kind of the way the market works. And in probably more established markets, if you looked at like Australia and the U.K. and maybe even China, the currencies have been pretty stable and they've had a history of being pretty stable and you don't typically get a big price-driven impact from currency. For example, the sterling has weakened a bit since the Brexit announcement. I don't think you're going to see a lot of suppliers taking price in the U.K. because A, it wasn't that big of a swing, and B, it's a challenge to push price through with a U.K. retailer, if that color gives you some context for the way you think about it.
Erin Lash - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Yes. That's very helpful. Thank you so much.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Erin.
Paul J. Alexander - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Iain Simpson with Socit Gnrale.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Iain.
Iain E. Simpson - Socit Gnrale SA (Broker): Thanks very much for allowing me a follow-up. Hey, I just wondered if we could talk...
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We're here all morning, so we just keep taking questions until you guys get done asking them so...
Iain E. Simpson - Socit Gnrale SA (Broker): All right. We'll keep going until we get bored. Just on fem care, you guys are doing very well in that category clearly; so is a certain Swedish competitor of yours. I mean, you know, clearly there's got to be some fairly chunky share data that's (46:47) going on in that category. I'm guessing both of your U.S.-based competitors. I just wondered if you're seeing anything changing in the competitive intensity within fem care markets in which you participate, or if those guys are just kind of happy to sit there and seemingly lose a little bit of share each quarter and not really do much about it? Thanks very much.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, fem care is probably one of the more complex competitive sets out there. And so it is a bit more regional. So in the U.S., we would have P&G would be the largest competitor and then the Edgewell spinoff of Energizer, which includes some of the Playtex and former J&J brands would also be a player. And a pretty competitive market, but I'd say pretty normal competitive. And we've been driving innovation. We've been doing a lot with our U by Kotex brand to really make sure we've got the right offer at the right price point and bringing news to the marketplace. If you go to a market like Brazil, you'll see P&G is there, but you'll also see some other local players. CMPC is there, actually a Chilean player, along with others. And we're the  we've just recently become the share leader in Brazil and continue to have good momentum there with our Intimus by Kotex brand there. You go to China, and you've got some of the Japanese players are in that market as well as Hainan, which is a local Chinese company. Hainan is probably the overall share leader in that market, and we're a relatively small player. We're growing nicely, but we're only about a 4% share in China. And so it's really probably one of the most diverse competitive maps. We've got a pretty consistent positioning aimed at a 18- to 24-year-old young woman as she's adopting her brand choice and really trying to drive innovation against that target around the world and have been pretty successful at it. But it  you do have to adapt it to win in each local market.
Iain E. Simpson - Socit Gnrale SA (Broker): Okay. But there's nothing changing in the kind of competitive landscape, and we shouldn't expect any reaction I guess from the kind of pretty impressive share gains that you guys have pumped out for a few quarters now?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So far we've got plenty of competition every day. They want to eat our lunch, and we want to get our fair share of the category. And so far we've been holding our own.
Iain E. Simpson - Socit Gnrale SA (Broker): Great. Thanks very much, guys.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Iain.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Ali.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Be careful in offering your time to answer all of our questions. Let me chat about one thing...
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: At some point you guys will hang up, and it will just be us here.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: So obviously we've been all  I think with good reason  asking about this year's 3% to 5% organic sales growth number and can you make the bottom end and kind of what's going to drive that, but I wanted to pull up a little bit and to add to that your view of 3% to 5% target kind of for the long term. We've sort of been started to be accustomed I guess since 2012 with the 4% to 5% type organic sales growth number mostly because of the opening up of the emerging markets for you, but before that it was kind of 3% to 4%, right? And so I think we've all forgotten about that timeframe, and wanted to get a sense from you about whether there's anything that you're seeing that would suggest that we're kind of back about thinking of 3% to 5% as a real range as opposed to it always being at the high end of the range kind of like you're seeing perhaps for his year?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, no. That's a really good question, Ali, and I think it's one that we think about a lot. I think we've been at 3% to 5% for a long, long time. If you go back far enough, you're probably right that at various points, we were struggling to get into the low end of the range, and then the last several years with explosion in emerging markets we've been bumping up against the high end of the range. We've even had some investors suggesting whether we take it up to 4% to 6%, and we said 3% to 5% still feels about the right range long term. You think categories are probably growing 3% to 4% typically if you looked at the kind of long term trend data. So if you deliver that with some innovation and some share growth, you can see your way clear to playing in the full space of that range. You look at some more recent trends where emerging market economies are under a little bit more pressure like they are today when the categories are going negative in Brazil. That affects that model a little bit, and I still think 3% to 5% is the right range. And in any given year, we're going to be aiming to be solidly in the middle of that. There will be times where we'll over-deliver either through our good category tailwinds or great execution, and there might be times where we're at the lower end of it because if either one of those things doesn't go the right way.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: And so it's a great  thank you. The way you're saying category growth 3% to 4% kind of over long term, so you have to gain share to get above that. Obviously given some of the woes of P&G, it feels like it might have been  and frankly some of the Japanese players being behind the eight ball as well in technology  it feels like it was recently a relatively  easy is never the right word, right? But a less contentious time to gain share perhaps?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Do we get any credit for good execution, Ali? Or no?
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: No. I want to be careful with that. Absolutely you guys should get full credit on excellent execution, but certainly on a relative basis.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Oh, okay. I think I feel better.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: But do you think  for example P&G is stepping up. Are you seeing any changes there? Do you think the competitive atmosphere gets that much tougher because you do have a big heavyweight who is clearly struggling? And so maybe share gains are tougher going forward? Not that you're executing any worse, but share gains are just tougher going forward. Thanks.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think that's a fair question, and if you looked at China, for example, you'd say we kind of pioneered the super-premium segment five years or six years ago. Lots of other players are piling in there, and they're doing it at maybe narrower premiums than we were initially structuring. And so that's made that segment a little bit more competitive certainly, and the Japanese competitors as well as P&G are playing. We were probably a little bit early at e-commerce and had more than our fair share of that space. Lots of other players are piling in there, and e-commerce is more competitive now than it was several years ago. So, yeah, it's certainly a competitive environment, especially when categories aren't growing as fast and everybody is still trying to get their volume growth. That makes for a little bit more competitive environment, and so you're probably seeing some of that, I'm sure, in our results.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks very much, guys.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All right. Thanks, Ali.
Operator: Our next question comes from Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hello. Good morning. Just had a quick question on North American pricing, because I know you're lapping your pricing, your price cuts. But it looks like P&G is lowering pricing on Luvs now. So just wanted to get your take on how do you see the pricing environment and what your outlook is going forward?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think what we've seen with P&G in the diaper category in North America is, they've probably have been doing a lot of stuff with couponing. They're also spending pretty aggressively on advertising on both Pampers and Luvs. And so it's been a pretty strong competitive response not unanticipated and that may have been why some of our competitive activity was a little higher in the second quarter was making sure we continue to show the value on Huggies. The good news is we still saw mid-single-digit volume gains on Huggies and we're up a share point. So we feel like we're on the right track and anticipate that P&G will continue to be competitive.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Jason.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey. Good morning, folks. Thank you for the question. So it sounds like a common theme coming out of the line of questioning and prepared remarks and responses has been that, slower for longer up top is probably the right base case scenario, particularly with the pricing lever out of the equation in the near term. In that context, can we turn into the belly of the P&L and talk a bit more about the cost saves and the inflation/deflation? This was  certainly the deflationary benefit has subsided into this quarter following the abatement last quarter, as well. And I think this is the first time in a while that fiber's been the primary driver. So two questions there. First, is it fair to say that the benefits of lower oil derivatives is now behind you? And secondly, what are you seeing in the pulp markets? Because certainly what we're seeing shows a market that's been a bit more stubborn than we would have hoped.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, okay. So Maria and I will probably tag team this one. And on the pulp market I'd say our outlook has moderated very modestly quarter to quarter. I think we were looking at $820 to $850 eucalyptus in April, we're $840 to $860 eucalyptus now, so it's slightly worse. Current spot prices are slightly higher than that. We've probably bought a little bit more spot tonnage in some of the Northern softwood area which gives us a little bit more benefit because there has been some good availability at attractive prices there. So, again, I would say not too much change sequentially in our view of the pulp market and we'll see what happens going forward. I don't know, Maria, if you want to comment on any oil-based materials and how you're seeing that.
Maria Henry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, on the oil-based materials, remember that we're buying oil-based derivatives where, on the polymer front, we were actually seeing inflation versus deflation. So the benefit that you would typically expect for us to get from the lower price of oil isn't as much given the derivatives that we purchased there. I'll follow up just on your line of questioning beyond the commodity situation where we did narrow the range of expectations for the year. I commented on the FORCE cost savings earlier and the fact that we increased our outlook for that in 2016 with good performance there. And then as you go down the P&L, on the cost side we still continue to invest in some areas, particularly selling and research. And we still have some local inflation on our general cost base that you can see come through in the numbers. But overall, we continue to focus aggressively on cost structure and to look to take money out of areas that add less value and to invest in areas that have more value and help us achieve the top line growth.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. That's helpful. One quick follow-up. I'm not trying to push you into any sort of foreshadowing of your guidance for next year, but as you step back and look at your productivity pipeline, how does it look and how are you feeling about cost savings as we go beyond this year?
Maria Henry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: I don't think we want to get into guidance. As I mentioned, I'm very happy with what the teams are delivering on the FORCE cost savings this year. We are optimistic about what we can achieve in that area over the long-term. We also continue to have a lot of opportunities to invest in our business as well. So we'll have to see how all of that comes together as we close out this year and look at next year.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Very good. Thank you very much.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Jason.
Operator: And at this time, we have no other questioners in the queue.
Paul J. Alexander - Vice President-Investor Relations: All right. Well, we will conclude the call. We appreciate all the questions, and we'll let Tom wrap up with a closing comment.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Once again, a solid performance, really aiming against continuing to deliver long-term shareholder value and we appreciate your support of Kimberly-Clark. Thanks very much.
Paul J. Alexander - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes this morning's presentation. You may disconnect your phone lines, and thank you for joining us this morning.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-22 13:30:00) =====
Executives: Paul J. Alexander - Vice President-Investor Relations Maria Henry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc. Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch John A. Faucher - JPMorgan Securities LLC Erin Lash - Morningstar, Inc. (Research) Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. Caroline Levy - CLSA Americas LLC Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience and holding. We now have your presenters in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today's presentation, we will open the floor for your questions. At that time, instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow if you would like to ask an audio question. It is now my pleasure to introduce today's first presenter, Mr. Paul Alexander.
Paul J. Alexander - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Here with me today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Maria Henry, CFO; and Mike Azbell, our Controller. Here's the agenda for the call. Maria will begin with a review of our first quarter results. Tom will then provide his perspectives on our results and the outlook for the full year. We'll finish with Q&A. As usual, we have a presentation of today's materials in the Investors section of our website. Now as a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the risk factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. We'll also be referring to adjusted results and outlook, both exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. The news release has further information on these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. And now, I'll turn it over to Maria.
Maria Henry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining the call. Let me start with the headlines for the quarter. Organic sales were up more than 2%, mostly due to higher volumes. We achieved strong cost savings, margin improvements and growth in adjusted earnings per share. And cash generation was healthy and we continue to allocate capital in shareholder friendly ways. Now let's cover the details starting with sales. Our first quarter net sales were $4.5 billion, that's down 5% with a 7-point drag from currency rates. Organic sales rose more than 2% in the quarter. That was slightly below our 3% to 5% full-year target, and Tom's going to provide more color on our top line in just a few minutes. On profitability, first quarter adjusted gross margin was 36.6%, up 100 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted operating margin was 18.3%. That's up 90 basis points. In addition to this overall improvement, I'm encouraged that our margins were up in all three business segments. Our FORCE cost savings for the quarter were $95 million, so we're off to a good start relative to our full-year target of at least $350 million. Our FORCE cost program continues to help us offset currency headwinds and fund growth investments on our brands. Our Organization Restructuring remains on track and generated $15 million of savings in the quarter. Commodities were a $30 million benefit, mostly in oil-based materials. Offsetting those benefits, the total earnings drag from currency this quarter was more than 20%. In addition to translation effects of about 7%, that figure includes substantial transaction effects in developing and emerging markets. Despite this headwind, our margins in the D&E market were essentially even with year-ago levels, mostly from the benefit of price increases and cost savings. On the bottom line, first quarter adjusted earnings per share were $1.53. That's up 8% year-on-year. A lower adjusted effective tax rate contributed about 6 points of that earnings growth. As we said in January, the quarterly tax rate could be more variable this year. This is the result of timing of benefits from tax planning initiatives. For the full year, we continue to expect the tax rate to be between 30.5% and 32.5%. Now let's turn to cash flow. Cash provided by operations in the first quarter was $553 million and in line with our expectations. On capital allocation, first quarter dividend payments and share repurchases totaled nearly $500 million. In February, we announced a 4.5% increase in our dividend, taking it to $3.68 on an annual basis. This was our 44th consecutive annual increase in the dividend, helping us maintain our top tier payout in the CPG industry. We continue to expect that full-year dividends and share repurchases should total between $1.9 billion and $2.2 billion. Looking at the segment results. In Personal Care, organic sales rose more than 4%. That included 7% growth in developing and emerging markets. Overall Personal Care operating margins were 20.3%, up 60 basis points. The improvement was driven by organic sales growth, cost savings and lower input cost. In Consumer Tissue, organic sales were even with year ago as growth in North America was offset by declines in developed markets. Consumer Tissue operating margins of 18.7% were strong and up 20 basis points. Our K-C Professional business grew organic sales 1%. That included 4% growth in both North America and developing and emerging markets. Lower sales of nonwovens to Halyard Health reduced the segment top line by about 2%. K-C Professional operating margins were 19.7%. That's up 280 basis points year-on-year, and includes benefits from organic sales growth and cost savings. Before wrapping up, let me go ahead and recap. We delivered growth in organic sales and adjusted earnings per share, along with significant cost savings and margin improvements, and we continue to allocate capital in shareholder friendly ways. I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Maria, and good morning, everyone. Since Maria just reviewed the financial details of the quarter, I'll focus my comments on organic sales growth and our full-year earnings outlook, then we'll open it up for your questions. So starting with the top line, as Maria mentioned, our organic sales increased more than 2% in the quarter. North America had a good start to the year with volumes up nicely in all three business segments. Internationally, we continue to grow, although at a lower than normal rate this quarter. Let me review our top line results in a bit more detail, and I'll start with our international business. In developing and emerging markets, organic sales increased 5%. Looking at some of our key growth markets, in Eastern Europe, organic sales in diapers rose 25%. That's on top of a 55% growth rate in the year ago period, which included significant volume gains in Russia in advance of a price increase. In China, organic sales in diapers were up about 5% compared to a very strong growth rate of 35% last year. Our volume growth in China remains healthy, although results were impacted by competitive promotion activity. We expect better organic growth for the full year on Huggies in China, particularly in the second half, and that reflects our plans for innovation, brand investment, city expansion, and improving category growth. In Brazil, organic sales in Personal Care fell about 5% compared to 20% growth in the base period. Volumes were impacted early in the quarter, particularly in diapers, by the price increases that we initiated in January. Category demand also continues to be down in Brazil. Nonetheless, our sales improved as the quarter progressed and we expect better results across the balance of the year. Elsewhere in developing and emerging markets, our feminine care and adult care organic sales were both up double-digits in the quarter, and baby wipes organic sales were up high single digits. So we remain very optimistic about our developing and emerging markets businesses, and we continue to target high single-digit organic sales growth for the full year. Stronger results in Brazil and China, along with more benefits from innovation launches and selling price increases, should help us deliver higher growth compared to the first quarter. Moving to our developed markets business outside North America, organic sales were down slightly. We continue to generate good growth in South Korea, while market conditions were challenging in Western and Central Europe. Turning to our North American consumer businesses, our teams there delivered another strong quarter, with 4% volume growth and healthy market shares. Innovation, great marketing programs, and good retail execution continued to drive results across our portfolio. Adult care volumes increased double-digits in the quarter with strength on both Poise and Depend. Baby wipes and child care volumes each rose mid-single digits. Consumer Tissue volumes improved 3% with growth in all categories led by Viva and Scott paper towels and Kleenex facial tissue. Overall, our brand positions are healthy in North America. Our first quarter market shares improved or were even with prior year levels in seven of the eight consumer products categories in which we compete. And that includes diapers where Huggies' shares were up more than a half a point year-on-year and up almost two points sequentially. Looking ahead, we have a number of near term innovations launching in North America. That includes our best ever Pull-Ups training pant, upgrades on Huggies diapers and baby wipes, and new and improved Poise and Depend adult care products. Finally, in K-C Professional in North America, our organic sales were up 4% in the first quarter. Execution and volume growth was good in both washroom products and our higher margin wiper category. Now, moving on to our outlook for the year. We continue to target organic sales growth of 3% to 5% for 2016. Compared to the first quarter, we expect more benefits from targeted growth initiatives, product innovations and improved net realized revenue. Our currency and commodity markets remain volatile. As we mentioned in this morning's news release, our current assumptions have improved somewhat compared to three months ago. And while this helps our U.S. dollar results, it also means we're expecting less benefits from selling price increases this year. As we said before, it's important to look at currencies, commodities and selling prices together since they are all related. We're now planning that the net impact of these three factors will be a mid to high single-digit drag on our bottom line growth this year, and that's slightly better than what we shared with you in January. If this turns out to be the case, we'll have added flexibility to invest more behind our top line growth initiatives. So putting it altogether, we continue to expect adjusted earnings per share in the range of $5.95 to $6.15. That represents 3% to 7% growth year-on-year, which we continue to believe is a good outcome in this environment. So in summary, we continue to execute our Global Business Plan strategies, we expect to deliver on our financial commitments again this year, and we're optimistic about our prospects to continue to generate attractive, long-term shareholder returns. So that wraps up our prepared remarks, and now, we'll begin to take your questions.
Operator: Our first question will come from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks so much.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Lauren.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning. Just on D&E in Personal Care, you've been pretty clear on your view and optimism that it will get better from here. The comparisons weren't a surprise. That was known. So, what was it in the quarter that ended up being a negative surprise? You said it was early in the quarter. Is there anything in particular you can call out that took you by surprise?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, I mean, I wouldn't say surprise so much as it was a little bit tougher situation in a couple markets, Brazil in particular. The category volume for diapers and bath tissue is probably down about 4%, at least in the measured from Nielsen. Category value is pretty flat from pricing. So, you don't see category consumption go negative in markets in diapers and bath very often, so that was probably a bit unusual. It reflects the, kind of, the tougher economic conditions in Brazil, I'd say. So that was probably one that we'll be facing this year. On the other hand, we pushed hard on price in January. Some retailers pushed back, so we had a little bit of volume hit on that front that picked up sequentially as the pricing went into the marketplace. And so, that gives us some confidence that through price and a little bit better volume in the back half of the year, we'll put a better result on the board in Brazil. China had more price competition in the quarter. We had a very strong fourth quarter with a big push on Singles Day and e-commerce. Had a strong January with some Chinese New Year stuff and I think some of the other competitors spent a little bit more aggressively. And we wanted to make sure we sustained our momentum, so we met competitive pricing where we needed to to make sure we kept our volume growth growing and had good double digit volume growth in China. And so, I expect that to continue as well. And if you look going forward in China, price cut competition kind of did heat up in the second half of the year, so our comps get a little easier on that as we roll into the back half of this year.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Great. And on Brazil, I guess, one would be, are you assuming that this kind of negative volume growth persists through the year? Is that part of the forecast at this point?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I would say we're still trying to figure out how much of it is household inventory destocking, or am I just buying smaller count packs? And is that part of it versus how much of it is, have I shifted into the category, am I consuming less? And so, I'd say, we're probably not modeling it to be as bad as it was in the first quarter, but we're not expecting a robust category growth story in Brazil this year.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then just finally overall on demand in emerging markets, I did think it was interesting that K-C Professional actually looked pretty solid. And you hear sort of macro-wise, is it perhaps industrial production, things are getting better. So, any view on kind of the lag or the relationship between KCP being a leading indicator for where consumer demand ultimately goes?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I tell you, in North America, we had a strong quarter. We probably picked up some share. We had better execution, so the kind of 4%-ish growth that we saw in North America is probably ahead of category. And again, the shares aren't as robust and reliable as Nielsen, but what we have seen would say that we've picked up a little bit of share in North America. In developing and emerging markets, I think what you're seeing in addition to the underlying economic growth is a positive trend toward better workplace conditions. And so, better access to having towels and tissue in the workplace, more awareness of need for safety gear, and having the right gloves and glasses and ear protection, et cetera. And so, I think that's a trend that will continue as more and more companies are really held to the same worker safety standards.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. All right. Great. Thank you so much.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Lauren.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Schmitz with the Deutsche Bank.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, Tom. Good morning.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Bill.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, can you just talk about the pacing of the organic growth throughout the quarter both for you guys and the category? I know it's still really early, but how's April sort of shaping up?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Actually, I haven't seen a ton of data on April because I've been spending some time getting ready to explain the first quarter. But I would say the momentum throughout the first quarter, particularly in some of the key emerging markets, they had a stronger March than they started the year, and so that's a positive sign. I was just with a lot of our international teams recently at our brand week, and I would say everybody is expecting their results to improve as the year progresses, so.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Yeah, that's helpful. And then just on the 9% emerging markets growth, what do you -- and this is probably an industry question also, but as the pricing rolls off, doesn't volume become a much bigger component of the sales algorithm? And what does that mean in terms of advertising spending and what you need to do when you shift from inflationary pricing to volume growth?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, no. Absolutely, volume growth and category penetration, category development is going to be a key part of it. And so we've continued to invest more in emerging markets, particularly as you're opening up new market areas. So, as we've gone into Africa and places like Kenya and Nigeria, you do wind up spending ahead of your sales value to develop the category. So, yeah, but again, I don't think it's going to be one that's going to shift our P&L in a dramatic way to achieve that. I mean, we are getting some efficiency and moving more to digital and getting some pretty good ROIs on that move as well.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, that's helpful. And then just one quick last one on the gross margin outlook. How do you see it pacing throughout the year? And the reason I ask is I think you did sort of $30 million of commodity deflation this quarter. So, that's a little bit less than half at the midpoint of the full-year target. So, is that the way to kind of look at the gross margin outlook? And I know there's probably some currency puts and takes, as currency gets a little bit more favorable probably in the gross margin line in the back half.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I mean, Bill, that's probably a hard one to call just because there are such big, moving factors in it. It's going to be the combination of how does pricing commodity costs and currency hit in any particular quarter. So, I'd say we're pleased with the progress in the first quarter, and are looking forward to that continuing as the year progresses.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Ali.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Hey. So, I want to go back to the top line acceleration expectations for the rest of this year. And you mentioned three drivers. Targeted growth initiatives, would love to understand what that means. Product innovations, is that to gain share or grow price or kind of more context about product innovations, if you can? And the last one is improved net realized revenues. And I'm trying to figure out how you do that one, especially if there's more competition in China in particular. It doesn't look like it abating in the U.S. If there's a little bit of a tougher consumer market in Brazil and in Latin America broadly. And I'm trying to understand how you're saying improved net realized revenues will drive a top line, but at the same time in the 2016 outlook, you say benefits from higher net selling prices are expected to be somewhat lower than prior assumptions. So, I'm trying to figure out what that difference means. So, those three buckets, but really more time obviously on the net realized revenue and what sounds like a contradiction in your strategy.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, well, let me come at a different way, Ali, and say, so if you look at diapers in China and Brazil, which were the two soft spots, and set those aside for a second and say, gosh, fem-care was up double-digits in D&E, adult care was up double-digits in D&E, baby wipes were up high single digits in D&E. So, really a continued strong performance of the trajectory that we've been on, pretty broadly based across lots of markets, behind good innovation, behind great marketing, behind good execution in market. And so, that's all going to continue. And so, I think on the China and Brazil question, we talked about those. So, China, underlying volume growth in diapers was good. The price competitiveness was tougher than maybe we expected going in. On the other hand, we're going to lap some  when that started in the second half of this year. And so, we'll see where it goes from here, but our expectation is that it's not going to get worse. And in Brazil, that's probably one where the categories have had some more challenges. And so, we have been aggressive on pushing price, given the currency transaction hit that's taken place there. And to the question of the contradiction, I mean, I don't think it's a  we're comparing to two different things. So, one was compared to our original guidance for the year. We're probably going to get a little less price than we thought because currency is a little bit less negative than we thought. So, the need to get prices is not as great. On the other hand, sequentially, we still are going to get year-on-year benefit from price as we roll through the year. So, we didn't get it all in January. We announced it during the quarter, and so we'll get some benefit as the year picks up, but not quite as much as we thought going into the year. So, we're just trying to provide you with those two perspective, versus the plan and versus prior year, to help you see it the same way that we're seeing it.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: So, what I'm trying to understand is then what gets better, right? So, pricing is one of the ways things get better, but you're going to be taking less than you expected, how does that get you out of the hole you're, right, that you are right now? And you can talk about it with or without soft spots in China and Brazil. I mean, there's a hole in the top line growth and I'm trying to find out  I'm trying to understand if it's not pricing, because that's going to be a little bit worse than you expected, what is it that you're changing, right?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, the pricing comps are going to get better, so, I mean, some of the prices  so, in U.S. diapers, for example, we started a lot of the Huggies Snug & Dry price alignment in the second quarter. So, there was a first quarter comp there that was still negative. That will get  that comp will get easier in the second quarter and second half. China diapers, the pricing and competitive environment started to heat up as we rolled into the second half of last year. That comp gets easier as we roll into the back half of this year on the price front. So, the comps get a little easier on the pricing standpoint, and I think that first quarter was probably the low point for that.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: But that's  so I apologize for this, but that's not new, right? You're saying just for take pricing, you were going to take pricing, the comps get easier. But you knew that and you're saying now you can't take as much pricing as you planned to at the start of the year, right? That's what the outlook statement says.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Right.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: But you're also saying you're going to take pricing to offset the slower growth this quarter, which is clearly below your expectations. So, I'm just trying to figure out how to bridge that gap, right?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, no, Ali. I'm not saying, we're not going to take price to offset the slower growth this quarter. I think we are saying that we are going to take more price as the year progresses in markets where we've had that, but not quite as much as we thought going into the year.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. Okay, so can  on another note, can you talk about the cost savings ramp-up that you had, looked pretty good for the quarter? What specifically are you seeing in terms of opportunity that allows you to ramp up the cost savings plan this year? Thanks.
Maria Henry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, we're happy with our FORCE cost savings in the first quarter. We delivered $95 million, and so that's a good start against our full-year target of $350 million in savings. The teams delivered across all three of the major areas that we look to, to drive cost savings, so negotiating material prices were very strong in the quarter, the global procurement team did a great job to start out the year. We  the progress in optimizing the cost of our products specifications, and we also got improvements in productivity waste within our supply chain and manufacturing operations. So good start to the year, happy with what we were able to deliver on FORCE.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay, thanks very much.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Ali.
Operator: Our next question will come from Stephen Powers with UBS.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Hey, thanks. Maybe just following up on Ali's question on the top line there, not to belabor it, but you obviously talked  you talked about what's in your control, the innovation, the distribution gains. Can you just be a little bit more specific about what you're assuming from here sequentially on both the macro environment, stable, better, worse; as well as the competitive environment, stable, better, worse, versus what you saw in Q1?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Any particular geography you're interested in or just broadly?
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Well, broadly. And then I've got a drill-down question on China specifically. So I want to  but yeah, broadly.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: If you look at the macro environment, we put a lot of the assumptions in the guidance deck. But it's essentially, we're not assuming spot currency rates. We're assuming  we look at forwards, so we  the rates in our guidance probably aren't quite as favorable as what's in today's spot, but it's somewhere between where it was at the beginning of the year and where the spot rates are at this point in time. So if spot rates stay where they're at, there's probably more favorability on currency and maybe more risk on pricing. On commodities, pulp got a little better in this forecast than where it had been. In terms of underlying economic growth in individual markets, again, we continue to say relatively modest growth environment. We're not predicting a huge falloff or any other kind of economic crisis developing in a major market anywhere in the world at this point in time. Brazil is probably the one that we're watching most closely as obviously expecting slower category growth getting back to a  for them getting back to a flat organic growth number for the year will be the first priority given that they started out the quarter with negative 5% on diapers. In terms of the U.S., actually, we saw probably better growth in our business than the underlying category growth because we picked up share in a number of markets and consumers are still responsive to innovation. We saw private label shares flat to down in nearly every category that we're in, which is again another sign of health of the consumer for us, and are probably maybe more bullish on the outlook in North America at this point in time than maybe we would have been even at the beginning of the year.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And competitively, are you  is there any pockets of  where you're expecting more competition than what you've seen so far?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I would say China is probably one that has become more competitive. It's a terrific market. There's still great category growth. We're still expanding into more cities. The consumer is very responsive to innovation and it's worth investing in. The good news in China is that even though it's been more price-competitive, we've also been very aggressive in China on cost savings. So our gross margins in China have been stable or even a little bit better despite the price investment to stay competitive in those markets. So our team in China has done a terrific job of executing their plan and improving the shape of their P&L.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And in China specifically, we too had picked up on intra-quarter sort of intensity picking up, especially in fem-care, online, and especially in the value tier. But from your comments, this kind of confirms my fears that  sounds like it was a little bit more broad-based. Would you say it was more focused in one category, one price tier, one channel specifically, or is it  was it broad-based? And it sounds like you expect it to persist.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I would say for us, our fem-care business had a pretty strong quarter, probably a little bit less price sensitivity than we saw in diapers. We're probably not as well-developed on fem-care and e-commerce as we are in diapers. And certainly, e-comm was a more competitive marketplace, but then, yeah, that also drives pricing in your more traditional brick and mortar channels because everyone's got price transparency in what the deals are everywhere these days.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. And last and I'll move on. But is  any comments you might have about the cadence of marketing spend throughout the year as you follow through on the new innovations that you called out? Thanks.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, we got a lot of launch activity coming. And so, I'd say our first quarter, we were, I think, down slightly year-on-year and up slightly from our prior year average. But we've got a lot of stuff coming in  launching in the second quarter in a lot of markets. So you probably will see it slightly higher, although again, it's not a big driver of our P&L.
Operator: Our next question comes from Olivia Tong with the Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good morning. Thanks.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Olivia.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. How are you?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Pretty good.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: In terms of the year, is there more innovation this year than in years past to provide  to help out that acceleration come along?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I don't know if we have a good way of measuring that. On the other hand, I feel really good about our innovation across a number of categories. And so we've got some terrific things coming on diapers in lots of markets, diapers and diaper pants. And that's going well. We've had a lot of innovation on baby wipes and have seen good responsiveness to that. Our fem-care team has great innovation coming. Adult care is launching innovation in lots of places. We had some good things happening on Consumer Tissue as well. Our K-C Professional team has had lots of new products in the market. So we've got a lot of things to talk about. And we were  I was just with a lot of our key customers in the U.S. at our  at the National Association of Chain Drug Stores Annual Meeting where you do one-on-ones with customers across all classes of trade that run drug departments. And our customers are pretty happy with the innovation that we've got coming and are pretty excited about pulling that into their retail environment.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Tom, that sounds great, but it doesn't sound like the innovation delta relative to years past is going to change materially. So if China is getting more competitive and price was clearly a bigger factor in Q1, and that's here to stay, and emerging markets are so much more challenging in Consumer Tissue that volume is actually taking a big step down, what drives that acceleration then as the year progresses?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'd say the underlying volume growth in China was very, very strong. Yeah, it was still strong double-digits in diapers and in fem-care. The pricing comps get easier because some of the pricing competitiveness started in the second half of last year. So I'm confident China is going to post another solid growth year, even though they started out in diapers a little slow due to the lapping or the rollover of the pricing initiatives. And as you look across our markets, Brazil, we talked about, had a little bit of a slow start. Expect that to pick up and close the gap. But we had good underlying performance in really most of our other markets, so I'm pretty confident in the team delivering the plan this year.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. That's helpful. Thank you. And then on the diaper volume being flat in North America, obviously, it's hard to tell sometimes with the Nielsen data, but the Nielsen data did look fairly favorable, and typically, correct me if I'm wrong, some of the non-tracked channels, particularly online, does better than the tracked channels. So was there an inventory issue or were there just divergents in terms of trends in tracked versus non-tracked?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, I mean, there had to be some inventory change in there because we picked up share. We were up 2 points sequentially and up a half a point year-over-year. Last year, we were selling in the Snug & Dry relaunch, so there could have been some effect of that. We had a strong fourth quarter, so there could have been some early January promotional buying that got shipped in December. But by and large, I'd say we look at our weekly consumption and we're pretty happy with the trends, and eventually, that shows up in volume. So I'm not too worried about that one.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thanks so much.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Olivia.
Operator: The next question comes from John Faucher with JPMorgan.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, John.
John A. Faucher - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, Tom. So, I guess as you think about Brazil, I guess, I understand why the trends at their current level really aren't  you expect a bounce-back. But I guess as I look at this, right, we look at the Latin-American pricing and the FX-driven pricing rolling off, where does the volume come from? Is it market share, right? Because birth rates aren't changing in that context. So as the volume improves sequentially, is it market share because U.S. brands are less uncompetitive from a pricing standpoint? Do consumers use more diapers, what have you? So does that question make sense? Why would the revenue get better as the volumes sort of need to catch up as you lose the FX-related pricing?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, maybe let's shift markets, John. And so we'll talk about Colombia, which has also had a big currency hit. Right? And it's not one that we usually talk about a lot because it's a relatively small market than the Indian market, but they had 20% organic growth last year, I think they were up 25% in the first quarter. And it's challenged, it's got some linkage to the oil trade, although not as much as others, but they've suffered from some of the same currency devaluation and have pulled through it. You look at Eastern Europe, what's going on in Russia and CIS. Big currency devaluation, strong price increases, some negative GDP, and yet, we're still seeing reasonably strong underlying volume growth and category demand. And so Brazil is a little bit of an outlier right now and we're trying to make sure we understand what's actually going on there from the consumer standpoint. On the tissue front, you saw in lots of markets this quarter, slight negative volume and positive price because we were pushing hard to get price in that market, especially because you're buying pulp in dollars and you've got a big transactional impact, and you've got to recover some of that to hold your P&L in shape. And that eventually will work its way through and you'll return to the more normal population-driven growth on Consumer Tissue, I think. But, yeah, I do believe that Brazil will get better, but it's probably going to be a challenging year there this year.
John A. Faucher - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. So the way to think about that is maybe on the tissue side, the consumption gets whacked more by the pricing. Because on the diaper side, again, I guess it doesn't seem like it'd get hit that hard, but tissue is one where you feel like the actual pound consumption usage does get hit harder by the pricing.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's one that when you push pricing in a market like Brazil where there's a substantial amount of general trade, initially, they will push back. So January sales were soft as we pushed pricing and they said, no, thanks, and you take a volume hit. As we look at our shares in Brazil, we only have January and February, we don't have March data yet, but we were down about a point in diapers in the first two months, up a couple of points in fem-care and I think relatively flat in bath tissue. So I'd say not a big shift from a share standpoint despite the volume hit. And as March volumes were better, I would expect that we got a lot of that share back. And at the end of the day, you want to make sure you're holding or gaining share in those markets amid all the volatility of commodity and pricing changes.
John A. Faucher - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, John.
Paul J. Alexander - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erin Lash with Morningstar.
Erin Lash - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Hi. Thank you for taking the question. I was wondering if you could kind of delve into a little bit more detail in terms of the competitive environment in China. And you talked about increased promotional activity, and whether that increasing competitive pressures are from other national players or whether you're seeing that from the locally domiciled peers in the market?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I would say in China in particular, the toughest competition of late has been our two Japanese-based competitors, Kao and Unicharm. Obviously, the weaker yen last year helped them support that in a way. At least it didn't have as big of a negative impact on them relative to what was going on in the U.S. And so they've been more aggressive, Kao in particular. We've been gaining share, Kao has been gaining share, Unicharm has been losing share. And so there's been more competition in that direction. Huangong (39:03), we do run into at the low end of our business and the high end of their business, but I wouldn't say they've been the aggressor as much as the other multinational competitors.
Erin Lash - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Thank you. That's very helpful. And then I think you mentioned earlier in the call about more of an increased propensity to spend in North America. One of the categories that had been challenged, I think, over the last few years has been Pull-Ups in particular, given that consumers haven't necessarily been placing their kids in Pull-Ups and keeping them in diapers when potty training. I know you talked about a new Pull-Up launch innovation coming to market later this year. I just wondered if you could kind of bridge that gap, and whether you're already seeing improving trends within that product category or whether you foresee that happening later in the year into next year.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, we've actually  it was nice to see a good mid single-digit volume growth on our childcare business this quarter. And that was ahead of the product launch, which is rolling out literally as we speak. And so we're really excited about what this new product can do, and we hope we will see some category uptick as we roll into the summer season, which is typically a bit of a seasonal peak for Pull-Ups, and we'll see how that plays out over the second quarter and third quarter.
Erin Lash - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Okay. The mid single digit volume growth was across childcare, though, right? So that was both diapers, as well as Pull-Ups, as opposed to Pull-Ups exclusively?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The  no, childcare was  we define it as essentially just Pull-Ups, GoodNites and Little Swimmers.
Erin Lash - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Okay.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So diaper volume, we would measure separately.
Erin Lash - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Okay.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And really, in that childcare space, it was really all driven by Pull-Ups.
Erin Lash - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Okay. Long term...
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So it was a little early in the first quarter (40:42) Little Swimmers volume. That's more of a second quarter and third quarter business.
Erin Lash - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Got it. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Jason.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, good morning, Tom. Thank you, guys, for the question. I feel like we're beating this up pretty good, but I do want to come back to Brazil real quick. You referenced the January-February data out of Nielsen. And when we look at that data, it shows your sales up 5% when it's lagging the category up plus 9$. Reflective of the 100 bps of share loss, it's still positive. So  and you sort of referenced (41:36), some retailer reaction.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: How much of the weakness in Brazil do you think was maybe just that, a bit of a destocking effect or retailer backlash? And you said you saw a pickup in March, at least from a shipment perspective. Can you give us a sense of sort of where you're running as you came out of the quarter?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: On the Nielsen data, as you know, it doesn't cover the traditional trade very effectively, and that's probably where we had more of the volume hit in the first part of the quarter. And that is the part where they will have more inventory swings. I know you hear that from other CPG folks as well. And so, in terms of as we exited the quarter, I don't know if I've got any specific data other than it was a nice, sequential uptick from where they've been running in the first two months. So, we'll see what the shares look like.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah. So, you're seeing a little bit of improvement at the end of the quarter. North America maybe a little inventory shipment, so maybe that was subdued. So, some reason to believe it does get better on the forward.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Jason, I'm way more bullish than the rest of the guys on this call. I have a lot of reasons to believe actually.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Well, good. I'm glad. I'm glad. I hope it all plays out in the numbers on the forward. A question for ...
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: By the way, Jason, hope is not a strategy. So, we're going to make sure we deliver it.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Right on, Tom. That's exactly what we love to hear. Quick question for Maria on the FX impact. The 20% number is a big number. It implies much more of a multiple on sales than we've seen in the past from a transaction hit. Just back of the envelope, it suggests that maybe the transaction that EBIT had on the sales was around a 29% margin versus 19% last year. Why the uptick on transactional leverage? Anything unique to be aware of? And as we think about the forward, I think on the last call, you had said sort of all-in, a 15% drag. Where does that number stand today based on sort of, at least, your currency assumption even if it's not on spot?
Maria Henry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure. The relationship between the top line and the bottom line in terms of the currency hit depends on where the currencies are moving and, in particular, for this quarter, we had significant impacts in places like Eastern Europe, Russia, and in Latin America, Brazil. And given where the mix of the currency changes, the biggest currency impacts hit, that's what drove the bottom line impact to be a stronger multiple of the top line impact than what we're typically used to seeing. So, it's mostly mixed-driven.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And that 15% figure from last quarter?
Maria Henry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: 15% was the combined impact of currency, commodities pricing for the overall  the  Paul, remind me on the 15%.
Paul J. Alexander - Vice President-Investor Relations: Yeah, let me just build on that. So, yeah, we said last quarter approaching 15% for an all-in currency impact. As you see in the release, we said that translation impact is expected to be toward the low end of the 5% to 6% range. So, adding in a reasonable multiplier effect, it should be in the low double-digits of a drag for the year for currency.
Maria Henry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Just on the currency side.
Paul J. Alexander - Vice President-Investor Relations: Yeah.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you so much. I'll pass it on.
Paul J. Alexander - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Jason.
Maria Henry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Caroline.
Caroline Levy - CLSA Americas LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Hi. I wonder if you can update us on the Poise Impressa product.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Sure. I would say, so far it's going quite well. And so, it was  Paul, what, a couple points of our growth in Depend in the quarter. So, we're up double-digits in the U.S. We would have been about 8% ex Impressa. So, it's having a meaningful impact. We were just with our retail customers at the Chain Drug Store Convention as I mentioned, and they were very, very bullish on what they're seeing so far. We're doing some work to kind of assess what we've learned since the launch, what price points work and how do we get even more impact and improve our mix at shelf. And so, we'll be making some adjustments on shelf position and promotion strategy as we roll through to help it go even a little bit faster, but so far so good. And obviously, this is one that will take a bit of time for consumer behavior to change, but it is an exciting solution for an issue that some women have and another approach for them to help them improve their quality of life.
Caroline Levy - CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you. That actually gets to the second part of the question just on innovation in general. Would you say that, in general, you're premiumizing and getting pricing through mix when you innovate? It's a sort of broad-based question across all categories.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I would say that you want to try to create value from your innovation at whatever tier you innovate in. So, if you're innovating on something we're doing on Scott tissue, you want to also be able to create value for your consumer and for your business if you can. So it isn't  we are trying to premiumize where we can, but some of the things we're doing, we're launching more of a value-tiered diaper pant in many markets, but it's a better solution. It's a premium to other value-tiered diapers, but it's still aimed at the value consumer. And so, we are trying to make sure we're innovating at relevant price points across our product spectrum.
Caroline Levy - CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you. And then just thinking about your pricing being flat overall for the company for the quarter and down in Europe/South Korea, up 5% in EM, flat in North America, I would have thought South Korea/Europe was a much smaller percent of the volume. And so net-net you might have had some benefit of pricing. Can you tell us how to think about that today and also going forward?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, sure. In our developed markets outside the U.S., so Western Europe, Central Europe, Korea, Australia, primarily, those are markets that are traditionally fairly challenging to get pricing in. Those are also markets where we do some hedging of our transactional currency exposure more regularly. And so, the need to get price to cover your transactional currency hits is also less than you would see in a market like Brazil or Russia. And so, I would say, yeah, we typically go into the year not expecting to get much price. If you do get revenue realization, it's going to be more through mix or innovation than through absolute list price change.
Caroline Levy - CLSA Americas LLC: But do you think that trick continues to trend down in those developed markets?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: In terms of price or volume, or...
Caroline Levy - CLSA Americas LLC: Price, price.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, no. I would say we don't expect to get much of any price realization this year. And in markets like Western Europe, you could see some price erosion as those markets are a little bit more competitive. South Korea, overall, is a very strong market for us. We had a terrific first quarter, had very strong volume growth. You continue to see some move to e-commerce in that market, and so that sometimes can result in a bit of a price drag as the channel shifts to that direction. But by and large, we're not seeing much price move up or down in the developed markets.
Caroline Levy - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay, just lastly on that, thank you so much, but if you think about e-commerce growing incredibly rapidly in, say, China and some of the Asian markets, I think that probably foreshadows what's going to happen more globally. Do you think net-net that is negative for pricing, online growth?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We are looking to see how e-commerce does scale. And it's certainly in a market like China, where it may be skipping a generation of retail development, you don't have as many retail channels developed in a lot of those markets, and you are seeing very dense population, very high smartphone penetration, and a much lower delivery cost to get that last mile delivery. But I think almost every retailer these days is looking at an online option, even if it's click and collect in their existing retail space. And so, I think what you are seeing is more price transparency, and so that probably has an effect on particularly retailers that have a high-low strategy. But I think we'll have to wait and see how e-com develops as more and more traditional retailers get in the game with click and collect and other things.
Caroline Levy - CLSA Americas LLC: Thanks so much. That's really helpful.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Caroline.
Operator: Our next question is from Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Hi, good morning.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hello, Javier.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Hello. How are you?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Very well.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research LLC: I need a couple of clarifications on the pricing front. In the U.S., I've been trying to reconcile the commentary on volumes and market share and yet this low top line. Is it an issue of that the relaunch of the Huggies Snug & Dry has a lower price realization and you're seeing negative mix, or is it more that you spend a lot on the trade to push innovation and you didn't get the lift that you expected to get in North America? And I have another clarification in China.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Are you just talking about diapers, Javier? Because, overall, our North American volume was pretty good.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Diapers. Diapers. Diapers.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research LLC: I know. I understand the volume was pretty good. But I'm looking at diapers, and in general, say, diapers/Pull-Ups, say, training pants. Not just specifically diapers/child care.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, in diapers, we started the Snug & Dry relaunch last year in the second quarter. And that was with a price reduction to narrow the gap and get the value right relative to some of the other more value-oriented products that are in the market. And so, we've seen, since that, a better performing product at a more attractive price, consistent progress on volume and share. First quarter was a little light on volume. We talked a little bit what might have caused that. Some of that could have been sell-in last year for the Snug & Dry launch; some of it could have been a little stronger December. But by and large, as we look over since the relaunch, our volumes are up nicely, our share is improving. Long way to go; we're not declaring victory on that front. On the Pull-Ups front, if you look out over multiple quarters, we really realigned some of our pack count price architecture in the second half of last year, saw some better performance in the category late in the year. Still not where we want it to be. Had a better start to the year in the first quarter but the Pull-Up's strongest selling season is typically second and third quarter. We've got a new product out and we'll see how it goes in the second and third quarter, but we're optimistic about it.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Just to clarify, again, in North America. Did you increase trade spending and that's why that contributed to the lack of pricing in the quarter or not?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And so, whether it's a trade or list price reduction, to us, we would treat it the same way. It's a price reduction. And so, on Snug & Dry, we did reduce the price into our retail partners to narrow the value gap. I don't know if we did it through a trade promotion allowance or through a list price change, but the effect is the same in the marketplace.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Okay. Thank you very much. And finally, on China, again, just one clarification. So, the competition seems to be more on the (54:27) because this is where Kao and Unicharm operates and also in the main cities in China. Procter just launched  or launched a few quarters ago a premium diaper. Could you comment whether that launch somehow had a negative impact on your own trends and whether that diaper is priced below yours, if you can clarify that? I mean, The Premium Pampers that Procter had been working on? Thank you.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I know Procter has launched -- again, I would say we would see more aggressive competition from some of our other multinational competitors and we try to make sure we're competitive on pricing across the spectrum of products in the same tier that we're in. So, we want to make sure our super premium products are competitive with other super premium and our premium would be the same. Now, in any given retailer on any given day, could somebody have a hot promotional price? They could. You try to look at it over a marketplace in a period of time. And so, again, I would say we're competing, as is Procter, as is Unicharm, as is Kao, and it's sort of normal business. But a lot going on in China and it's a big, attractive market that I think a lot of people are investing in.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research LLC: But the one thing that  the push by Kao, (56:06) and Unicharm had been for a long time. So, basically the one new additional pressure seems to be coming from Procter. Now is when it coincides with your commentary about price competition, about your commentary about volumes being up, organic sales being lagging by a lot, volume. So, that incremental launch and pressure from Procter is what is making the market more competitive, because Procter still is much larger than you are in China in the diaper category.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, Javier, I guess I don't see it that way, but you'll have a chance to ask the P&G guys on their call in a little bit. And I would actually say I think the weaker yen gave the Japanese competitors a little bit more headroom to price competitively. There are some other things around free trade zone and imported product that benefited them over a short term. That's sort of closing off now. But there are some other things in that marketplace caused price to be a little bit more competitive in the first quarter, and we'll see what Procter has to say about it, next week sometime.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Yeah. We will ask. Thank you very much.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Lauren.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Hey, sorry. Didn't expect to get back in. Just one last lingering question on Brazil was just the degree which you're saying trade down or some of the, like, local players gaining some share, is that kind of you're accounting for volume declines in the market? Is that a dynamic you're seeing there at all or not really?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I wouldn't say the local players gained share. I took a quick look at the share coming in. We were down about a point on diapers, and I think Procter was the one that was up, Paul. But I don't remember looking at it in diapers for the first two months.
Paul J. Alexander - Vice President-Investor Relations: Pretty flattish.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Pretty flattish, yeah. And so, not a lot of big movement. And then on fem-care, we were up, like, 2.5 points in the Jan-Feb shares. But there's more national players there. So, I wouldn't say -- we are watching for that, though. Are they trading down even within our business within tier? And so, I think we are seeing a little bit more what we would call Tier 2 or the more value-oriented product mix shifting a bit, which is another sign of the consumers under pressure in that market, but we'll continue to watch that and see how it plays out.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And that value-tiered diaper pant you mentioned, I'm sorry. Did you say which markets it was launching in or where or when?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: There's a bunch of markets that we're launching that in. So, really in a number of D&E markets across Latin America and Asia, in particular.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you so much.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Lauren.
Operator: At this time, we have no other questioners in the queue.
Paul J. Alexander - Vice President-Investor Relations: All right, then. We appreciate all the questions today and we'll end with a closing comment or two from Tom.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, once again, we appreciate the interest in Kimberly-Clark. We've had good momentum, we've got a strong plan for 2016, and expect us to continue to deliver on our commitments. Thanks, again, for spending time with us this morning.
Paul J. Alexander - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's presentation. You may disconnect your phone lines and thank you for joining us this morning.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Alexander - Vice President of Investor Relations Thomas Falk - Chairman and CEO Maria Henry - SVP and CFO Mike Azbell - VP and Controller
Analysts: Stephen Powers - UBS Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Bill Schmidt - Deutsche Bank Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research John Purcell - JPMorgan Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Jason English - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience in holding, we now have your speakers in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today's presentation, we will open the floor for your questions. At that time, instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow if you would like to ask an audio question. It is now my pleasure to introduce today's first presenter, Mr. Paul Alexander.
Paul Alexander: Thank you and good morning everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's Year End Earnings Conference Call. Here with me today are Tom Falk, our Chairman and CEO; Maria Henry, our CFO; and Mike Azbell, VP and Controller. Now here's the agenda for the call. Maria will begin with a review of our results focusing on the full year and after that Tom will provide his perspectives on our results and our outlook for 2016 and we'll finish with Q&A. As usual, we have a presentation of today's materials in the Investors section of our website. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. We will also be referring to adjusted results and outlook. Both exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. The news release has further information on these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. And now, I will turn it over to Maria.
Maria Henry: Thanks, Paul. Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining the call today. Let me start off with the headlines for our 2015 results. Our organic sales grew 5%. That's at the high end of our 3% to 5% target. We achieve excellent cost savings and margin improvements, helping us deliver adjusted earnings per share towards the high end of our original guidance. And finally, we continue to improve our capital efficiency and return cash to shareholders. Now let's take a look at the details for our results and let's start with sales. Fourth quarter net sales were $4.5 billion, that's down 6% with an 11 points rise from currency rate. Full year net sales were $18.6 billion down 6% down 6% including a currency headwind of more than 10%. Organic sales growth was about 5% for both the fourth quarter and the full year. On profitability, fourth quarter adjusted growth margins were 36%. The full year was 35.9% up 160 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted operating margin were 17.2% in the fourth quarter. The full year margin was 17.3%, that's up 120 basis points compared to the prior year. I am encouraged that operating margins were up in all three business segments and across all three geographies, both America, developed markets and developing and emerging markets excluding the impact of the Venezuelan devaluation. Our teams delivered $365 million of FORCE cost savings in 2015. That was above our initial target of at least 300 million and just $5 million shy of our all time record. We expect another strong year in 2016 with a savings target of at least $350 million. In addition, our organizational restructuring is on track and it generated $65 million of savings in 2015. We expect additional savings of at least $50 million from this program in 2016. Commodities were $150 million benefit for the year mostly in oil based materials. That was at the high end of our original assumption for the year, but on the other hand currency declines severely impacted our earnings. For the year the all-in earnings drag was about 25%, well above our going into the year assumption for a drag of more than 15%. On the bottom line, fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share were $1.42 bringing the full year to $5.76. That was up 5% compared to the results from continuing operations in 2014 and towards the high end of our original guidance range of $5.60 to $5.80 per share. Turning to cash flow and capital efficiency, cash provided by operations was $2.3 billion for the year versus $2.8 billion in 2014. A number of factors drove the lower cash amounts including our debt financed pension contributions, the Halyard spin-off and higher total working capital. I expect a significant improvement in cash generation in 2016. We reduced our primary working capital cash conversion cycle by eight days in 2015 as a result of extending payables terms. On adjusted return on invested capital we improved this metric 350 basis points including benefits from the spin-off at Halyard Health. On capital allocations, in 2015 we've returned $2.1 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. For 2016 we plan to repurchase between $600 million and $900 million of Kimberly-Clark's stock. We also expect to increase the dividend at a mid single digit rate that's generally consistent with the 5% growth in adjusted earnings per share that we delivered in 2015. Now let's look at the segments. In Personal Care, organic sales rose 7% continuing our long track record of delivering strong growth in this segment. Our Personal Care business grew 14% in developing and emerging markets. Operating margins were 20.5% in Personal Care, up 180 basis points. The improvement was enabled by organic sales growth, cost savings and lower input costs. In Consumer Tissue, organic sales were up more than 1% including volume growth of 6% in North America. Consumer Tissue operating margins were 17.5%. That was up 150 basis points and includes benefits from another year of excellent cost savings performance. In K-C Professional, organic sales increased 4% overall with 6% growth in developing and emerging markets. The segment top line also included a 1.5 point benefit from sales of nonwovens to Halyard Health in conjunction with a limited term supply agreement. So sales should be somewhat lower in 2016. K-C Professional operating margins were healthy at 18.3%, up 50 basis points year-on-year. To summarize, our fourth quarter results capped off a very good year overall as we achieved mid single digit growth in organic sales and adjusted earnings per share, we delivered strong cost savings and broad based margin improvements and we continued to improve ROIC and allocate capital in shareholder friendly way. I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas Falk: Thanks Maria and good morning everyone. I will share my perspectives on our full year 2015 results and then I'll comment on our outlook for 2016. So starting with this past year, we delivered another year of good financial performance in a challenging environment. As Maria just mentioned our organic sales grew about 5%. This reflects very good execution and it compares favorably to many other consumer packaged goods companies. Our volume growth was 4% and that's our best performance since 2007 on this metric. Our business in the developing and emerging markets had another great year with 10% organic sales growth. This performance was highlighted by 14% growth in Personal Care. That's the fifth consecutive year this part of our portfolio has grown organically at a double-digit rate. Looking at some of our targeted growth initiatives in the developing and emerging markets and in diapers our organic sales increased more than 35% in Eastern Europe, 25% in China and 10% in Brazil. Innovation across all these markets continues to help drive our growth and in 2016 we will launch more product upgrades on Huggies throughout the developing and emerging markets. In China Huggies diapers are now sold in 115 cities and we are targeting to be in 130 cities by the end of the year. And in Brazil as a result of the continued decline in real we have recently initiated price increases across these categories. Elsewhere in Personal Care, our organic sales in feminine care rose double-digits in developing and emerging markets. Our performance in fem care was especially strong in Latin America led by Argentina and Brazil. We also had a very good year in China and then the Middle East, Eastern Europe and Africa on fem care. In addition, our adult care and baby wipes businesses also grew organic sales at double-digit rates in developing and emerging markets. K-C Professional organic sales rose mid-single digits in developing and emerging markets even though demand has slowed in some places towards the end of the year. Overall our business in the developing and emerging markets was 30% of company sales in 2015. Even though volatility has increased and economies are slowing in some parts of the world we remain very optimistic about our growth prospects. For 2016 we are targeting organic sales growth of at least high single digits for our business in the developing and emerging markets. Turning to our developed markets business outside of North America organic sales for 2015 were even with the prior year. We continue to generate very solid growth in South Korea while market conditions were relatively soft in Western and Central Europe. Moving to our North American consumer business we delivered 5% volume growth and excellent operating profit performance. In adult care we delivered high single digit volume growth with benefits from innovations, brand investments and category growth. Our market shares improved sequentially as the year progressed with shares up 1 point in the second half of the year compared to the first half. In baby and child care volumes were up mid-single digits on Huggies baby wipes and low single digits on Huggies diapers. Our second quarter relaunch of Snug N Dry diapers is on track and helped deliver volume growth in 2015. In consumer tissue, volumes were up mid-single digits with benefits from market share gains, good retail execution, and increased promotion support. Performance was led by Cottonelle bathroom tissue and Viva towels. In K-C Professional in North America, volumes increased mid-single digits on our higher margin wiper products business and our washroom products organic sales were up low single digits, roughly in line with the overall market. Maria has already highlighted how we continue to manage our company with financial discipline, so I'll just add that I'm encouraged with our cost savings delivery, our margin improvements, our improvements in return on invested capital and the cash that we've been able to return to our shareholders. I am also pleased that we delivered bottom line earnings growth towards the high end of our original commitment even though currency rates were much worse than we had planned for the year. So all in all I am proud of our team's accomplishments in 2015. We have good momentum overall and we're focused on driving further improvements going forward. Now let's move on to our outlook for 2016. We will continue to focus on the fundamentals that create shareholder value. So in 2016 we will deliver healthy levels of organic sales growth, cost savings and margin expansion. We will improve working capital, cash from operations and return on invested capital and will return a significant amount of cash to shareholders again in 2016. At the same time we will continue to invest in our brands, our growth initiatives and our capabilities in order to improve Kimberly-Clark over the long-term. In terms of our specific 2016 targets, on the top line we expect organic sales growth of 3% to 5%, that's consistent with our long-term objectives. On the bottom line we have targeted adjusted earnings per share in a range of $5.95 to $6.15. That is up 3% to 7% year-on-year. Similar to this past year, at this point we are expecting that earnings will be higher in the second half of the year compared to the first half. Like other multinational companies, we're facing continued currency headwinds. We're planning that currency translation will reduce sales and earnings by 5% to 6% this year. The all-in drag on earnings including currency transaction is expected to approach 15%. These projections are based on forward exchange rates as of a couple of weeks ago which are pretty consistent with recent spot rates in most cases. To reduce the impact of currency headwinds we plan to raise selling prices in some of our international markets. We're expecting a relatively benign year on the commodity front. We're starting the year planning for a total impact between $100 million of cost deflation to $50 million of cost inflation. Although some commodity costs should benefit from lower oil prices, others like polypropylene resin in North America are being impacted by market specific dynamics. In addition, cost for materials in some international markets are expected to increase due to local inflation. So as we said before, it is important to look at currencies, commodities and selling price assumptions together since they are all somewhat related. On average we're expecting the net impact of these three factors to result in a high single digit drag in our 2016 earnings. With that in mind, the underlying growth of 3% to 7% EPS growth that we've included in our outlook is pretty healthy. As we always do we'll continue to closely monitor the environment and we'll provide updates on our progress and outlook each quarter as the year unfolds. So in summary, we delivered another year of good financial performance in 2015. We expect to continue our momentum in 2016 and we remain very optimistic about our prospects to generate attractive shareholder returns through our global business plans. This wraps up our prepared remarks and now we'll begin to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Eve Powers [ph] of UBS.
Stephen Powers: Hi, yes it is Steve. Thanks. Tom, maybe starting with first looking at North America, it looks and sounds like competition and promotional intensity held roughly flat sequentially, would you agree with that? And if so, what's the assumed outlook there as you look forward to calendar 2016, just given it is all that's happening in that marketplace in P&G in general? And a similar question on China given the general demand conditions there, but also obviously a highly competitive market there too?
Thomas Falk: Yes, I think broadly the market was pretty similar Q3 to Q4, but also there was more activity in the second half of 2015 than there was in the first half. So if you looked at percent sold on deal [ph] and the level of A&P support across the category was probably increased for all the major brands. We got quite a bit of innovation coming in 2016. We believe are our primary competitor does as well. So I would guess that the current level of competitive activity will continue. We'll forget about the progress in our unit volume growth on diapers in North America and we feel like we've got good momentum on diapers and training pants for sure. In China, we saw a bit more competitive pricing being spent in the market by some of the competitors which we matched up to at some extent, but we saw some of that in the third quarter as you may recall, but had a very strong volume quarter again and again have lots of innovation coming. So still tons of competition around, but I wouldnt say it is getting worse, but it is continuing.
Stephen Powers: Okay, thanks. And then shifting gears a little bit, given another round of devaluation in markets like Brazil and Russia et cetera, what is your confidence on the continued ability to push through incremental pricing? You mentioned another round in Brazil, but is there a level at which it just becomes too difficult to maintain an incrementality?
Thomas Falk: Yes, I think we're watching the consumer carefully, particularly as you see GDP [ph] per capital go backwards in some of these markets. In Brazil for example we saw category volumes decline a bit in the fourth quarter for both diapers and bathroom tissue which you dont see that too often in Eastern Europe. The Ukraine in particular has been a market that has been hard hit if you look at category volumes. Some of that is because there has been quite a bit of parallel imports there that because of some value-added taxes that they put in place. So we are watching the consumer. On the other hand we've got real transaction exposure hitting these markets. You are trying to cover the transaction cost just to try to keep the shape of the P&L in order. And I think every major CPG [ph] is in that balancing act right now.
Stephen Powers: Okay and lastly Maria, if I could, so based on the dividend and buyback outlooks and then combine that with CapEx and defined benefit contribution, it looks as though maybe we should assume and you might be adding it again to your debt balance in 2016, is that a fair assumption or is there something I'm missing in there? And if it is fair can you just talk about how you view the borrowing environment given all the volatility we're seeing in capital markets generally and if there is a certain profile of incremental debt that we should assume or perhaps some timing that will be great? Thanks.
Maria Henry: Sure, the way that we think about it is we are very focused on maintaining our single A credit rating. So at any point in time, we're looking at whether our effected cash flows, our focus is on continuing to fund the dividend to spend CapEx at healthy levels given the significant opportunities that we have in our business for high ROI return types of projects and then we look at share buyback to balance out what we do with the remainder of both our cash flow and our remaining debt capacity under that single A credit rating metrics. So we'll see how that unfolds during the year. You know that we set our debt up in 2015 and entered the year at $7.8 billion, but as a reminder, a bit chunk of that came from the debt financed pension contributions that we made in 2015, but going forward we expect stronger cash flows in 2016 from operations. And so we'll balance those things out as we go through the year.
Stephen Powers: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wendy Nicholson with Citi
Wendy Nicholson:
Thomas Falk: Hey Wendy.
Wendy Nicholson: Hi good morning. A couple of things, number one, I think you gave us the organic sales growth breakdown for China, Eastern Europe and Brazil just for the full year. Can you give us those for the fourth quarter specifically? And then with regard to Brazil pricing, do you intend to raise prices consistently across all the segments? I know there is a very big gap between the various segments and I'm just wondering how much risk of trading down there might be.
Thomas Falk: Paul will give you some of the quarterly details and then we can talk about pricing in general.
Paul Alexander: Yes, Wendy, for the quarter, so Eastern Europe first of all was up about 25% largely due to higher selling prices. This is in diapers. In China, organic sales were up more than 15%, all driven by volume. Volume was a little bit north of 20% in the fourth quarter. And then in Brazil Personal Care was up about 15%, diapers was about 10%, with both higher volumes and selling prices.
Thomas Falk: Yes and then to your other question, we are trying to be smart as we look across categories, the level of pricing also is affected by the amount f innovation that we have coming. So we can bring a better performing product, we will probably be a little more aggressive on pricing in that space, but we're also looking at it by peer to see what's possible. Part of that is also driven by how much is the local content of a particular product makeup versus the U.S. dollar components for using a ton of imported materials, you are going to be more likely to have to price up for that.
Wendy Nicholson: And then thus far have you seen much trading down across the segments in Brazil or not so much?
Thomas Falk: We've seen a little bit of the trading up, trading down phenomena like we have seen in other markets where the super premium segments are growing where youve got real innovation and some differentiation and then youve seen some uptick in the value and the middle segments have taken a bit of a hit. Weve seen that in other markets and some other situations.
Wendy Nicholson: Got it and then I just had one last one on your regional operating margins, means the progression in North America just continues to be fantastic, but there's still a lag or the international margins are still significantly below and that makes total sense. But my question is going forward just given that we continue to see such outsized growth from your international business, there is obviously an inherent drag there on your overall margin expansion, Im just wondering kind of conceptually the FORCE savings or cost savings sort of the margin expansion priorities, how much of those are oriented towards the international business versus North America, so at what point do you think we will start to see that gap close?
Thomas Falk: Well, the good news is our international business is closing the gap and so their margins have improved this year. So even though the sales from [indiscernible] they came much closer to the dollar target than you might think given the size of the currency hit that they took. And so they really use very minimal margin drag on the company. In fact this year because they shrunk as a percent of the companys overall sales we actually had a slight margin tailwind this year from a mixed standpoint. But getting back to the root cause we tend to focus on gross margins in emerging markets and trying to narrow that gap, and narrow the gap is a little closer than operating margin, because in some markets where we are investing in A&P or building infrastructure to support a larger business, we're not quite as efficient between the lines in the international market share, but thats one that the team is working on and our markets that are at scale like Korea you'd see margins there that are at or above the North American levels in individual categories.
Wendy Nicholson: Terrific thats very helpful, thank you.
Thomas Falk: Thanks, Wendy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Schmidt with Deutsche Bank. 
Thomas Falk: Hi, Bill.
Bill Schmidt: Yes, good morning. Hey, just one quick one, how big is Argentina both sales and profits directionally and do we start getting concerned about whats going on down there?
Thomas Falk: What last year or this year Bill, its a little small for this year?
Bill Schmidt: Right.
Thomas Falk: I think its 2% or 3% of sales and probably similar from profits, had a great year last year and part of the other expense that we took in the quarter was the devaluation that happened in mid December, that part was a $0.03 hit to our fourth quarter results. But I actually feel pretty optimistic about Argentina over the long term and so as we see the new government coming in place and theyre opening up their markets, so there is some product categories for example that were imported. Like our K-CP business for example in Argentina had to import all their safety products and we didnt manufacture anything locally there well over the last year. So we were not allowed to import. So you had to kind of go out of that business. Thats all going to open up in 2016. So there will be a translation and transaction hit, but Im more optimistic about the future of Argentina going forward.
Bill Schmidt: Okay, great. Actually just one another quick one, on the working capital side is working capital going to turn positive next year because I know that's a pretty significant use this year?
Maria Henry: Yes, our working capital use was a bit higher in 2015 than we would like. There were a number of factors that impacted that including the negative impact of currency on our derivative settlements and we also had a tax receivable that moved up into accounts receivable at the end of the year. I mean despite the use of cash we made really good progress on our per working capital metrics as I talked about in my prepared comments. So for 2016 working capital is clearly an opportunity for us and we'll be sure to get at that and as I said our cash from operations to be significantly higher in 2016 versus 2015.
Bill Schmidt: Great, thanks very much.
Thomas Falk: Thanks Bill.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Thanks, good morning.
Thomas Falk: Hi, Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: First thing on the other income line of expense, so the hit from devaluation Argentina this quarter is that kind of a one quarter effect or should we think about it being at these elevated levels throughout the year?
Thomas Falk: No, you pretty much had the right year of payables down on the data devaluation occurred, so I dont know Maria, if you've got anymore color on that?
Maria Henry: Yes we took a significant hit on the devaluation in the fourth quarter and then it will just depend what happens to the currency from here and how we have to re-measure the balance sheet moving forward.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, great. And then on K-C Professional, you mentioned sort of slowing demand at the end of the year in emerging markets, can you talk about that also for North America if youre seeing any slowing in demand there and your outlook for that business being the more cyclically tied piece of the portfolio?
Thomas Falk: Yes I would say this, we had probably different causes and different market sets and they are little softer fourth quarter on the top line than we were expecting overall for the year they had decent organic growth which is what we tend to look at. In North America, we saw some distributor inventory destocking because we look at our out-the-door sales versus our in-the-door sales in the fourth quarter. They sold more out-the-door than they purchased in-the-door. So I think those guys at calendar year end and they were doing some inventory level trimming as they hit their year end. Id say in other markets like Brazil, which is a big market for K-CP, there you see more just a decline in GDP has had a pretty big impact on business activity. It has affected the key K-CP market much more than the consumer market for the year. In other markets China kind of a mixed bag with a little weaker quarter for us and yes some of that was execution on our front that we need to improve and there is plenty of competition there, probably a bit of the economic slowdown, but again that market is still growing overall, its just not at the same pace that it once was. So lots of different issues in individual markets that kind of added up to a little less than we were thinking were going to get on the top line.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, great. And then on cost savings, so certainly notable that youre starting the year talking about FORCE being $350 million, to the question on restructuring though, I think sort of came in at the lower end of the expected range for savings in 2015. If I layer on then the $50 million youre expecting in 2016 those still have you kind of below the $120 million to $140 million in the total realized, so does this mean it extends a little bit further into 2017 or is it just going to be kind of a lower end of the range on the total program?
Maria Henry: Yes, our overall restructuring program is firmly on track. We delivered savings of $65 million in 2015 and that brings the total to date to $70 million and our guidance for 2016 is another $50 million of savings putting our cumulative level within the target range of $120 million to $140 million for the full program and we still expect to realize some additional benefits in 2017. So were clearly on track in terms of the savings that we expect to realize for that program.
Paul Alexander: Lauren this is Paul. I would just build on that. Remember we said the charges would end in 2016, but as Maria has mentioned the savings is really through 2017.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. Perfect and just a final quizzing on SG&A, I know in the release you mentioned FX was impacted and I just wanted to check if there was anything else in SG&A because it was a little bit higher than it might this quarter and just thinking it was mostly FX or any other kind of investments in marketing?
Maria Henry: Yes, there is a couple of things you mentioned FX that clearly has an impact on the reported expense levels. But our expenses are higher as were investing in capabilities and we also had some higher variable compensation expense in the fourth quarter and for the year given our strong performance. And when you look year-over-year I think its probably also worth noting that we have lower levels of spend in the second half of last year, so organization was really focusing on the spend and the restructuring program which is a lot of work. And this year as we said on our second quarter earnings call again we were intending to invest in capabilities and we did that.
Lauren Lieberman: And Maria can you still elaborate on those capabilities? I mean is that, is it people, is it mostly in selling, is it in marketing or is it actual dollars in the marketplace already?
Maria Henry: Yes its in a number of areas. Clearly and our selling capabilities is an area that were focused on investing in, in marketing capabilities particularly around electronic commerce as we grow in new channels and then we also had some investments in the area of IT in terms of data analytics and things like that all focused on supporting our organic top line growth efforts.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. Thank you so much.
Thomas Falk: Thanks Lauren.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Ferrara with Wells Fargo.
Thomas Falk: Hi good morning, Chris. Chris, are you there?
Operator: Chris your line is open, you need to un-mute your line, if you are muted. Our next question comes from Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante: Hi good morning everyone. My question has to kind of the bigger picture of the company's earnings power right, if you step back and look at 2015 you got 25% impact of currency and yet deliver, if my calculation is correct, nearly 30% currency neutral earnings. This year youre targeting something about 20% currency neutral earnings. So if you can help us understand kind of like this sustainability of that, how much of this earnings growth in 2016 has to do with savings versus leverage versus that kind of smart because one of the things that are not seen now is that the share repos are coming down relative to the past, so basically the financial side of the EPS growth is less of a contributor. So if you can explain us what is - what do you think is the earnings power of this company because 20% on top of 30% currency neutral EPS growth is pretty substantial? Thank you.
Thomas Falk: Yes Javier, I think maybe the way to think about it is looking at the net of price of currency and raw material inflation or deflation and when you net those three things together, its a little smaller drag as we talked about for 2016 is probably a high single digit drag. So then to deliver 3% to 7% growth puts your real earnings power more in the low double-digit range which is still above where our historical average has been. So the things that helped us get further along in 2015, it will help us again in 2016. There has been strong volume growth and so good organic top line and a strong cost savings program and weve been ramping that up over the years and its been never more important than in times like this. And so, if you look at the organic top line drivers we feel pretty good about the innovation program that weve got as well as a portfolio of markets that were growing and where the categories are still growing there is still opportunity for geographic expansion. On the cost savings front, the three factors that are driving us there are negotiated material savings, our basic productivity programs and material specification changes and we are getting organized to deliver that on a even more consistent basis going forward with some of the works that were doing with a new global supply chain leader. So I feel pretty good about volume growth and our cost savings performance and hopefully that delivers the earnings power, it overcome some of the currency drag and other things that we have got facing us.
Javier Escalante: And finally on North America again, tissue pricing in North America down 2% is that a temporary promotional activity or do you see think that this is elements of the pass through of lower commodity prices starting to kick in and is it something that is led by you or is it something more of a reaction to say your competitors, thank you.
Thomas Falk: Yes, on the tissue front they didnt really get too much of benefits from deflation in the year and more of it was oil related which benefited the Personal Care segment. They got a little bit of transportation benefit from lower diesel and things like that but beyond that it wasnt much benefit from deflation. The pricing was a little bit more competitive in the marketplace and we tried to make sure we matched up to that.  I think any time you have a discussion about this it is always the other guy that started it. So Im sure there are some cases where we were aggressive behind innovation and trying to drive our business and that may have precipitated a response or maybe the converses through. But I do think the overall market was a little bit more competitive. Weve seen that for several quarters and we feel good about the volume performance. We grew share in 5 of 6 of the North American consumer tissue categories and we saw good margin improvement behind cost savings. So overall, I think the execution was there and we delivered on the plan and expectations for the year.
Javier Escalante: But as if I understand correctly, so you basically see the Q4 is slightly aggressive pricing as something more like a one off I suppose to the pass through finally kicking in because the category has been very positive, so in terms of very constructive in terms of pricing, do you think that this is sustainable into 2016?
Thomas Falk: You havent seen much commodity benefit again, so our forecast is calling eucalyptus data a little bit in 16 so, that will help at the movement Id say the competitive environment is going to be a pretty similar in 16 to what it was in 15.
Javier Escalante: All right, thank you very much.
Thomas Falk: Okay, thanks Javier.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nick Moody [Ph] with RBC.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, thanks. Hey, I was wondering if may be you can give us kind of a state-of-the-union on category growth globally? I mean clearly weve seen some dramatic headlines on the economies in general across the world, but just curious what youre seeing from a category perspective, and you are expected to be flat going into 2016 or kind of decelerate or accelerate any thoughts around that would be helpful?
Thomas Falk: Yes, I'd say broadly we still lets say the category opportunity is 3% to 4% on average. If you look at a market like China, we'd still say high single digit growth. It is going to be the year of the monkey in China which is a good year and so you typically have a little bit of an uptick in the birth rate, restarts with the forecasters were calling for, the birth rate in the U.S. is actually ticking up. Id say there are places we're watching our markets like Brazil and the Ukraine which are going negative where the GDP is as happened to see us as a very short term category issue or is there a bigger trend in place? But lets say if you guess the category growth rate was three to four or may be rounding down closer to three reflecting some of the challenges in some markets around the world.
Unidentified Analyst: Great and then just one last question, as you take pricing in many of these emerging markets, have you seen the price gaps and dislocate with some of the local players that may not be under the same currency pressures, just any context on the magnitude of may be some of the dislocation would be helpful?
Thomas Falk: Yes, most local markets we are playing in local currency and so youre turning to look at transaction exposure as the driver for pricing. So and most of these places most of the competitors including local players, by pulse this is denominated in dollars or they buy super absorbent thats denominated in dollars or they buy not lot of them that are using polymer that's priced in dollars. And so, there is a transaction exposure that affects everybody and that tends to drive pricing more than trying to price for the translation exposure.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thanks so much.
Thomas Falk: Thanks, Nick.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Purcell with J.P. Morgan.
Thomas Falk: Hey, John.
John Purcell: Hi, yes just a little bit of a follow up there on sort of the last comment on the pricing. You guys are looking for a little bit more price mix sequentially in 2016 versus 2015 and the gross margin performance has been amazing with less pricing that what were generally seeing from peers, is that something where the markets are, you have good visibility because the markets are letting you take that or its pricing that went in later in 2015 that sort of rolling through into 2016 so, I guess just, whats the visibility is that, more transactional pricing rolling through mix what have you?
Thomas Falk: Yes, there is a mix of that I would say, if you look at the markets where weve been most successfully getting pricing is turning to be Latin America, Brazil had, had quite a bit in 15 weve announced some of the recent currency moves more in '16. We'll see my guess is when Argentina the dust finally settles and the pricing rules right down there more visible there will likely be some pricing opportunities in that market. Eastern Europe has been the other place where you have seen real currency volatility or everyone in those markets has been pretty aggressive on pricing and so that would account for most of it. If you looked at a lot of the other developed markets like Australia, where there has been a little bit of currency movement or even Western Europe, youre probably not going to get a lot of pricing for the sized currency moves that youre seeing there. It will be very low single digits if at all and so I think, that's sort of the way it's shaking out is we've got a few hotspots where there has been big currency swings where you get price recovery because everybody is being hit with the same wave of transactional cost hits. And then there are lots of other markets where you have and then manage with cost savings and mix or innovation or other things that are going to drive your revenue realization.
John Purcell: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thanks John.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: Hey, guys.
Thomas Falk: Good morning, Ali.
Ali Dibadj: Hey, just a few questions, one is on cash flow sources and uses and if you think first at level of a more detail on the working capital kind of impact this year and then how and why it's expected to go down next year so from the sources perspective? As well as, why your CapEx remains in this kind of billion dollar range even after Europe and how youre got spun-off so thats from the sources perspective? And on the uses side, your buyback range is lower than has historically been the case and if you add that to your dividend guidance youre kind of the shareholder return seems to be a little bit off course versus what weve seen recently and so Im trying to get a sense of it thats just kind of macro concerns trying to be cautious or if there is something else going on and I am trying to adjust for Europe and Halyard Health and kind of both those, so both sources of news please.
Maria Henry: Sure, let me take a crack at it and then and Tom can certainly jump in here and let me start with CapEx. Were fortunate to have a lot of opportunity to invest in high return capital projects that support both our top line growth and savings. As you think about our CapEx, you can think of the spend in three areas, growth which supports expansion capital and also investment behind our innovations. Cost savings, which is a second category a lot of that supports the four savings that youre seeing come through and that we talk about. And then the third category on maintenance if we funds are operations to adequately maintain, productive and safe manufacturing environment. So those are the three categories and I think the range of $950 million to $1.50 billion is about right for our business now given the opportunities that we haven and the size of our operations and the opportunities that we have for expansions in some of the geographies. Well continue to monitor that over time. As you know we hired a head of global supply chain and wondering how our organizations will work with the finance team and the local operators to make sure that we continue to make sure that were optimizing our CapEx spend as we move forward. On working capital, I said that I thought out working capital usage was a bit higher than we'd like it to be. I think they are areas of opportunities that we have in 2016 are around areas like inventory. We talked about strong performance on payables in 2015 and so, again with our global supply chain organization working with our local teams will be focusing on what we can do on the inventory side and then in 15 we also had some negative impacts on working capital from currency on our derivative settlements that we used to manage our exposures on the balance sheet, and then also we had a large tax receivable that moved up into AR at the end of the year, so when you look at the numbers after in there, thats in there too. I think the third part of your question was around buybacks and that is back to what I said earlier that were very focused on maintaining our single A credit rating. So there is, as you know at certain metrics around single A and we watch those very closely and then look at how did the cash flows come in and make sure that we fund the dividends in that churn business through CapEx and then the remainder just remains how much we buyback and we use the cash flow and then any capacity that we have on the debt side within that A rating to really fund buybacks. So depending on where the results of the operations come in will depend on the flex  within the range on the share buybacks for 2016.
Ali Dibadj: Okay, okay and I guess it has been over the past several years you've certainly been giving back more  then you have been carrying from few capital perspective so that obviously has an impact going forward. Switching gears on taking prices up more in the particularly developing an emerging markets, I mean the FX headwinds for both the Personal Care and the Consumer Tissue business in this quarter, has been there for a while and been quite significant. So like negative 23%. Were only talking about 6% price mix say in those in that market or in the Personal Care business. So there is still a very large gap between the currency and what youre taking from a pricing perspective. In your goal of taking prices further up, what gap should we think about between those two numbers as a target?
Thomas Falk: Well the way to think about it in terms of how were approaching it is, we are not necessarily trying to cover the translation exposure, which is probably the biggest piece of it, we are trying to cover the transaction exposure, but as you look at our net income impacts that also includes things like the balance sheet re-measurement in Argentina that flow through other expense or any other hedging gains or losses. And so, theyre looking more like the run rate transaction exposure and the impact on imported materials and what their ongoing cost of goods is going to be and using that to think about pricing going forward and then balancing that with what your innovation plan looked like, what are the things can we do to substitute the local source material and avoid the transaction exposure and so its a market by market approach. And again I would say in Latin America and Eastern Europe is where you found both of those markets are just I'd say used to dealing with high inflation and so when you get hit with this people arent shy about taking price, but other markets youre not going to see that in Korea, youre not going to see that in Australia.
Ali Dibadj: And so my last question is a little bit on that in terms of just the growth rates youve seen obviously in developing and emerging have been still very strong. You have to decelerate a little bit to high single digit as opposed to low doubles, but still very, very strong. Can you try to help again with how much of that is kind of shelf space gaining or distribution gaining versus same-store sales and focus if you could and then answer a little bit on China, specifically given the massive volume improvements youve seen in massive growth youve seen volumes as opposed to pricing and perhaps you guys have seen it weve certainly seen it the disconnect in the Nielsen data in China which clearly is not perfect if you think of all channels, but there is a very quick deceleration in the backend of the quarter last year and do you see that being in disconnect because online is growing more or the data is good or whats going on there because youre going to have to continue to get very good numbers in terms of growth in China to make some of your top line targets for this year, so Im trying to figure out data and how thats a disconnect there?
Thomas Falk: Yes and I think the biggest disconnect is e-commerce in China, Ali and so Singles Day was November 11 which was huge for us as well as for all of the online players. So that probably skewed the Nielsen data which tends to look at measured and baby stores because there was a lot of online activity in particularly in November. But again Id say if you were to decompose our growth in China, we increased the number of cities and I think we started the year at 105, we ended the year at 115, we'll be at 130 by the end of this year. Now each incremental city is incrementally a little bit smaller, but we still are seeing good geographic expansion. Were still growing share in the cities that were in. Were doing a ton in e-commerce and that channel is growing pretty dramatically in China and so its probably a third of our diaper sales were in e-commerce which is overweighed the rest of the categories. Were still seeing good mid-tier super premium segment growth where we tend to do better. So again, Id say China we are pretty bullish, lots of competition but good growth in innovation coming and some geography expansion as well.
Ali Dibadj: Thanks very much.
Thomas Falk: Yep, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Oh, thank you.
Thomas Falk: Hi Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: Hi sorry. I just wanted to know if you could update us on your fiber mix because I thought it was interesting you didnt mention you are planning assumptions for Northern Softwood. So I was just wondering what the balance was between Eucalyptus and Northern Softwood currently?
Thomas Falk: Yes weve been talking about eucalyptus for a while that is the biggest grade that we buy, so I dont know Paul, its probably what two thirds of our fiber mix on the virgin pulp side I would guess, is that right?
Paul Alexander: It would be two-thirds of if youre just looking at Eucalyptus versus Northern Softwood, then also consume some fluffed pulp and [indiscernible]. So overall Id say Eucalyptus is still roughly half of our fiber mix.
Thomas Falk: So, its a bigger single grade, which is why we started quoting that one versus Northern Softwood.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, and do you have a range for the Northern Softwood outlook?
Paul Alexander: We have not given a range, I mean but it should be down a little bit year-on-year.
Thomas Falk: Were part of this take whatever receives as looking as essentially what our forecast would be.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. Do you have a sense for how your fiber mix currently compares with some of your bigger competitors in tissue in North America, like is there a difference in terms of your fiber mix and then obviously what you are looking for in terms of inflation or deflation versus your competitors?
Thomas Falk: So I havent looked at that in a while my guess would be laws that were pretty similar to P&G and GP might have a little bit more variability just because some of their tissue mills are more connected to their own internal pulp sources, but that would be might my hypothesis. And then on the K-CP front we all run with a lot of recycle fiber on that front, so we will be pretty similar on the K-CP front.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay and then move to Eucalyptus, do you think that happened kind of in parallel or was P&G more biased towards Eucalyptus earlier then you were?
Thomas Falk: Well, I think this is probably more fiber morphology than you are interested in on a Monday morning, but Eucalyptus helps make tissue soft, but it is not as strong as Northern Softwood. So you get that right now, Hardwood makes it soft and Softwood makes it weak or makes it soft or makes it strong. So weve been trying to drive more softness and use more Eucalyptus and youre trying to figure out what is to make the tissue stronger using other mean so that you dont give up the strength that Northern Softwood will bring you. So, but I think there are even some markets where weve run a 100% Eucalyptus sheet and are able to do that and still hit adequate strength targets.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, all right. Thank you so much.
Thomas Falk: All right, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Thomas Falk: Hey, Jason.
Jason English: Hey good morning folks. Thanks for squeezing me in. I guess I'll pick up one question
Thomas Falk: Hey Jason, we take all our calls here this morning. So yes, we'll be here until you guys run out of questions.
Jason English: Oh goodness, hopefully Im the last. I dont think Ill just want to be on the call all day. But Im going to take up where we left the last one of the questions around fiber and the outlook many people including ourselves see downside risk to pulp prices as we go to next year clearly your forecast is not coined for that only modest deflation. Curious first if there are factors you see into that that would prevent more downside to where pulp prices go?
Thomas Falk: Yes thats a tough one to call, we tend to just look at the, we take two or three industry forecast - being one and I think weve looked at a couple of others and we dont apply an immense amount of judgment to that. We tend to take a look at what the predictions are calling for. I do think the weakening of the U.S. dollar in some of these local markets may not be fully captured in the forecasters because theyre looking at forward currency rates as well. And so if you look at our Brazilian producer who is selling their products in dollars or Canadian producers selling their products in U.S. dollar there is certainly you could make an argument that there could be some price decline. From a capacity standpoint, there the Canadian market should be pretty stable for a while, they have to run their mills this time of the year or they freeze up, there is some additional capacity coming on in Brazil, but I dont think its going to be until the end of 2016. So we will see what happens at this point  were not  we are seeing a little bit of weaker spot prices for Northern Softwood, but the Eucalyptus market has been relatively balanced and there is not a huge spot market on that at this stage.
Paul Alexander: And Jason, I would just add that remember as we talked about earlier these are lot of big moving pieces in our planning assumptions but think about all of them together, so if pulp does weaken more than we are expecting you could see some offsets in a bit higher promotion spending.
Jason English: Sure, especially in context of the higher promotional spending without any cost relief this past year, you talked a little about those dynamics earlier, can you elaborate more and give us a sense of sort of where you see the competitive activity settling out now and if we do see pulp relief how much worse do you think it could get?
Thomas Falk: I would say the competitive activity has been relatively modest in tissue. We've been  we've had a lot of news between Viva Vantage. We've had some improvements on Kleenex. We've had some upgrades on Cottonelle and so we want to make sure we get our fair share of the quality promotional support as have some of our other competitors. The good news is you didnt see much private label movement in the fourth quarter I think private label shares were pretty flat. I think it was private label is up half a point on the year on bath, was up a little more on towels, but we were up in both categories so I think it is just the normal competitive environment and we'll see what happens going forward if you do see a big move in pulp that typically would lead to a change I think relatively modest moves that we are talking about, shouldnt have a major impact on promoted pricing.
Jason English: Got it. Thanks a lot guys, I'll pass it on.
Thomas Falk: All right, thanks Jason.
Operator: And at this time we have no further questions in the queue.
Paul Alexander: All right, thanks everyone for the questions and we'll conclude with a comment from Tom.
Thomas Falk: Well, once again we wrapped up the year with a very solid performance in 2015. We've got great momentum and we appreciate your support of Kimberly-Clark. Thanks for joining us today.
Paul Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's presentation. You may disconnect your phone lines. Thank you.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Alexander - VP, IR Tom Falk - Chairman and CEO Maria Henry - CFO Mike Azbell - VP and Controller
Analysts: Gail Glazerman - UBS Jason English - Goldman Sachs Chris Ferrara - Wells Fargo Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Nyet Nuin - Xbodia Capital Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research Iain Simpson - Societe Generale Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Caroline Levy - CLSA
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience in holding, we now have your speakers in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today's presentation, we will open the floor for questions. At that time, instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question. It is now my pleasure to turn today's conference over to Paul Alexander. Sir, you may begin.
Paul Alexander: Thank you and good morning everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Here with me today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Maria Henry, CFO; and Mike Azbell, VP and Controller. Here's the agenda for our call. Maria will begin with the review of third quarter results. Tom will then provide his perspectives on our results and the outlook for the full year, and we'll finish with Q&A. As usual, we have a presentation of today's materials in the Investors section of our Web site. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. We will also be referring to adjusted results and outlook. Both exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. The release has further information on these adjustments, and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. And now, I will turn it over to Maria.
Maria Henry: Great. Thanks, Paul. Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining the call today. Let me start with the headlines for our third quarter results. We achieved organic sales growth of 5%. That's at the high end of our full year target. We also delivered excellent cost savings, gross margin improvement, and record adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations. And finally, we continue to improve our capital efficiency, and return cash to shareholders. Now, let's cover the details of our results, starting with sales. Third quarter net sales were $4.7 billion. That's down 7%, driven by a 12 point drag from currency rates. Organic sales rose more than 5%, including 10% increase in developing and emerging markets. On profitability, adjusted gross margin was 36.1% in the third quarter, up 120 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted operating margin was 17.5%. That's up 10 basis points, despite unusually low G&A spending last year, and a 70 basis point drag in other expense. Our teams continue to deliver significant cost savings in order to improve profitability and fund the investments that we're making behind our brands. Third quarter FORCE cost savings were $85 million. In addition, our organizational restructuring is on track and generated $20 million of savings in the quarter. Commodities were a $45 million benefit in the quarter, mostly in oil-based materials. Full year deflation should be about in the middle of our previously estimated range of $100 million to $200 million. Now, on the other hand, we continue to experience significant currency headwinds. The total earnings drag from currency was approximately $0.45 per share in the third quarter. For the full year, it's likely that the currency headwinds on our bottom line will approach 25%. That's a more significant impact than we expected coming into the year, and when we spoke to you on our last earnings call in July. On items below operating profit, we had modest benefits from lower share counts and the adjusted effective tax rate, along with higher equity income. On the bottom line, third quarter adjusted earnings per share were $1.51. That's a new all-time quarterly high on continuing operations basis, and up 1% year-on-year. Now, turning to cash flow and capital efficiency; cash provided by operations in the third quarter was healthy at $849 million, although down versus a very strong year ago quarter of $976 million. On adjusted return on invested capital, through nine months, we have improved this metric 350 basis points. That improvement includes benefits from the spin-off of Halyard Health. On capital allocation, third quarter dividend payments, and share repurchases totaled nearly half a billion dollars. We expect the full year total will be $2.1 billion, or about 5% of our current market capitalization. Now, let's look at the segment results. In Personal Care, organic sales rose 9%. That included 14% growth in developing and emerging markets, and a 7% increase in North America. Overall Personal Care operating margins were 20.5%, up 100 basis points. This improvement was enabled by organic sales growth, cost savings, and lower input costs. In Consumer Tissue, organic sales were up 1%, including volume growth of 6% in North America. Consumer Tissue operating margins of 17% were up 20 basis points despite unfavorable currency effects. In K-C Professional, organic sales increased 5%. Within that, developing and emerging markets grew 6%, and developed markets outside of North America grew 4%. The segment top line also benefited from sales of nonwovens to Halyard Health in conjunction with a limited term supply agreement. You can see this benefit in the mix other number for this segment. K-C Professional margins were 18.6%, off 30 basis points year-on-year. Overall, the margins in this segment remain healthy, and above the corporate average. To summarize, we had another good quarter as we achieved mid single-digit growth in organic sales, we delivered strong cost savings, gross margin improvement, and record adjusted earnings per share, and we continue to improve our balance sheet efficiency and allocate capital in shareholder-friendly ways. I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Falk: Thanks, Maria, and good morning everyone. I will share my perspectives on our third quarter results, and then I will cover our full year outlook. Overall, we delivered another quarter of good financial results, and we are executing our global business plan strategies well in a challenging environment. As Maria just mentioned, organic sales growth was strong at more than 5% in the quarter. So let me spend a few minute and unpack some of our top line growth strategies for you. As you know, we are focused on pursuing targeted growth initiatives. We are launching product innovations and making high return investments in our brands. These strategies are working. Our biggest targeted growth initiative is in the developing and emerging markets. We had another excellent quarter in this part of our portfolio with 10% organic sales growth overall. Organic sales in diapers rose double digits in these markets. We continue to benefit from innovation, expansion of diaper pants, category development, and higher net selling prices in some places. In terms of some of our key growth markets, organic sales in diapers rose about 45% in Eastern Europe. That was driven by price increases in Russia and the Ukraine to offset currency declines there, along with double-digit volume growth in Russia. Organic sales in diapers increased more than 15% in China. Volume growth remained very strong, while net selling prices were down due to increased competitive activity. Huggies diapers are now sold in 115 cities in China, that's up from 105 at the end of last year. We are launching product improvements in the fourth quarter of this year to further improve our Huggies franchise in China. In Brazil, our team continues to execute well in a very challenging economic environment. Total Personal Care organic sales increased more than 10%, including 5% growth in diapers. Elsewhere in developing and emerging markets, our overall feminine care organic sales rose high-teens in the third quarter. Our momentum remains strong in Latin America, led by Brazil, and we made further progress in China. Organic sales also increased double digits in baby wipes and in adult care in the developing and emerging markets. So, overall, we delivered a strong organic sales growth quarter in developing and emerging markets, and we are optimistic about our future there. In our developed markets business outside of North America, organic sales were down slightly in the quarter. We continue to generate solid growth in South Korea, while market conditions remain relatively soft in Western and Central Europe. Moving now to North America in our consumer business, we have excellent volume growth in the quarter behind innovation, brand investment, and good execution at retail. In baby and child care, volumes were up low double digits on Huggies diapers, and high single digits on Huggies baby wipes. Our second quarter re-launch of new Snug N' Dry mainline diapers is on track, and I'm encouraged that our Huggies volumes are improving. In our adult care business, our innovation, brand investment, and category growth helped us deliver double-digit volume growth in the quarter. Pipeline shipments for Poise Impressa occurred in the last half of the quarter, and we are watching the consumer response there very closely. In consumer tissue, Kleenex facial tissue volumes rose high single digits. We had very good execution around the back-to-school season, and paper towel volumes were up double digits, led by promotional activity on Viva. Shifting to K-C Professional in North America, volumes there increased mid single digits on our higher margin, faster-growing wiper products. In washroom products, organic sales were even with last year, and that's roughly in line with the overall market and category. Since Maria has already discussed our profitability, the balance sheet and capital allocation, I will just add that I'm also very pleased with our performance in those areas. So, all in all, I'm encouraged by our results in the third quarter. Now, let's move and talk about the outlook for the full year. Our teams continue to focus on the fundamentals that create long-term shareholder value, while delivering on our near-term financial commitments. In terms of our growth targets for the year, we are raising the low end of our previous guidance ranges for both organic sales growth, and adjusted earnings per share. On the top line, we are now targeting organic sales growth of 4% to 5%. Our prior target was 3% to 5%. Through nine months, we've delivered growth of about 4.5%, and that compares favorably to many other peer CPG companies. On the bottom line, despite a worsening currency environment, we've raised the low end of our previous guidance range by $0.05 per share for the second consecutive quarter. That's largely due to our improved expectation for organic sales growth. Our updated outlook is for adjusted earnings per share this year of $5.70 to $5.80. So in summary, we delivered a very good result in the third quarter. We raised the low end of our top and bottom line growth ranges for the full year. And we remain optimistic about our prospects to generate attractive shareholder returns. That wraps up our prepared remarks, and now we will begin to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. We will now open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman: Hi, good morning.
Tom Falk: Good morning, Gail.
Maria Henry: Good morning.
Gail Glazerman: In terms of the diaper business in the U.S., has any of that promotion activity started to roll off in the fourth quarter? And if so, can you give any sense of how sales have progressed?
Tom Falk: I would say that it wasn't as much promotion-intense as getting the everyday price, and innovation fundamentals right. And so that is continuing in the fourth quarter. And we've got a good momentum in the diaper business overall, and expect to see that continue.
Gail Glazerman: All right. And I apologize if I missed it, but can you give some insights into the trends you are seeing in North America in feminine care?
Tom Falk: Our fem care business was sort of flattish on volume in the quarter. We got some more activity coming in the fourth quarter. There was a little bit more promotion activity in tampons in some of our competition in the third quarter. That probably affected our growth a bit, but we've got more action coming in the fourth quarter.
Gail Glazerman: Okay. And in terms of developing and emerging, are you still comfortable that you can compensate for currency with price, or do you think you've tapped out your ability to use price as a lever at this point?
Tom Falk: I would say -- and you saw it a little bit in this quarter, that we've had less price overall than maybe we've had in some markets. The rate of currency deterioration hasn't been as severe as it was, say, a year ago. On the other hand, there's still some opportunity for price in some markets. As we look at, particularly in Latin America, where you are seeing some pretty significant currency moves. Those have been places where we've been able to get some price to compensate with that. And then other markets around the world, it's been a little bit tougher to get price, particularly places like Western Europe or Australia, where there's been some currency softness.
Gail Glazerman: Okay. Thanks very much.
Tom Falk: Thanks, Gail.
Operator: Thank you for your question. The next question will come from Jason English. Please go ahead.
Jason English: Hi guys, thanks for the question. A couple of housekeeping items, and I apologize if I missed this in the prepared remarks. You referenced the deflationary number ex-fiber in the press release. Can you talk about what you are seeing in the fiber complex? And then also give us a little more color on what's driving the higher administrative cost?
Tom Falk: Yes, I think a couple of things. Fiber was about a push in the quarter, it normally would be in that number, but -- so you are seeing fairly minor movements up and down on different grades of fiber. Eucalyptus is a little higher, Northern softwood is a little lower. Secondary fiber has been a little lower. So there's not been a lot of movement on that front. As we look -- rolling forward we will see how that plays up, but we haven't seen much push from fiber. What was the other part of your question, Jason?
Jason English: Higher administrative costs this quarter.
Tom Falk: Oh, yes, G&A was more of a comp [ph] to last year; it was an unusually low quarter, so 
Jason English: Got it. That's helpful. And one more question just in terms of China expansion strategy. I appreciate that you continue to build out brick-and-mortar presence in more markets. Can you talk about how your strategy may be evolving with the booming eComm business, as well as opening in more free trade zones and more participants in those markets or in the free trade zones?
Tom Falk: Yes, we've been a leader in eComm in China. It's probably been at least a third of our diaper sales. And eComm grew faster than our overall business in China in the quarter. And so, we are aggressively going after that. And China, as you may know, has been a place that's been pretty competitive for a long, long time. So I think everyone in the world sees the opportunity in China, and has been investing there pretty aggressively. So we see the Japanese competitors, other U.S. competitors, some of the European competitors are there. And so, it's a competitive marketplace for sure.
Jason English: Great. Thanks a lot, guys. I'll the pass it on.
Tom Falk: Thanks, Jason.
Operator: Thank you for the question. The next question will come from Chris Ferrara with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Chris Ferrara: Hi, good morning.
Tom Falk: Hi, Chris.
Maria Henry: Good morning.
Chris Ferrara: So I guess, on the U.S., are you seeing any competitive reaction to Snug N' Dry? I know to some extent Snug N' Dry is -- the re-phasing of it is a competitive reaction as well. But are you seeing anything from competitors with respect to promo? And how optimistic are you that the share gains that you're picking up are sustainable at these sharper price points?
Tom Falk: Yes, that's a good question, Chris. I'd say, it was a -- we saw increased coupon activity, which may be not be as visible to you in some of the Nielsen data. We saw pretty heavy advertising investment by key competition. And so, which I'd say is about the kind of competitive reaction we would expect in a major re-launch like that. We would be approaching it the same way if one of our competitors was re-launching, where you try to make sure you protect your franchise as much as you can. Yes, I think the share gains to this point have been fairly modest. If you look at our fourth quarter share, which is maybe our low point, year-to-date we are maybe up a point versus that level. And so, this quarter, our shipment share -- our shipment volume was a little bit ahead of our share progress as we -- we had some retailers that built inventory because we had a few out-of-stocks that they wanted to try to take care of. In the second quarter, that was sort of the reverse situation, and so we caught up a bit in the third quarter.
Chris Ferrara: Got it. Thanks. And in, I guess, China. I think you said net selling prices ran a little bit lower, and volume really didn't decelerate very much. I guess, A, is that right? And then can you characterize what type of competitive pressure -- I mean is this diaper pants and Procter generally, I guess? Any more color on that would be really helpful.
Tom Falk: Yes, in China, our total diaper volume was up 15 -- our total diaper organic was up 15, volume was north of 20. So you can do the math. Price was the balance. I would say it was, in some cases, some of our non-U.S. competitors, the Unitherms and Kaos where they've had a relatively weaker home currency, were a little bit more aggressive on price, more so than other competitors in that market.
Chris Ferrara: Okay. Thank you.
Tom Falk: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you for the question. The next question will come from Olivia Tong with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Olivia Tong: Great, thank you. So Korea had a pretty nice quarter in personal care. But can you comment on the sustainability of that volume growth, particularly as you move into 2016, and you start to cycle some tougher comps? And then just longer term, how do you think about pricing, particularly in North America? Because it looks like the moves that you've made on price have obviously resulted in better volumes than what the track channel data would imply, but just curious how you think about the volume versus price dynamic going forward.
Tom Falk: So those are great questions. So, yes, we've got a very strong innovation pipeline coming, and really good execution in emerging markets. So we are still very bullish on that. We are still seeing the super premium segment of our categories grow in most of our major markets. Even in Brazil, where there's been a pretty severe currency hit to that economy year-on-year, and quite a bit of price inflation, you're still seeing mom want the very best product for baby. And we're seeing that in Russia. We're continuing to see that in China. There's no question that the consumer is under pressure in some of those markets from a purchasing power standpoint. So we're watching that to see if category growth decelerates; have not seen that to a great extent on the consumer side, seeing a little bit more of a reaction on the B2B side. So, our KCP business was slower in the quarter in Brazil than our consumer business was. And so, that is one that we are watching the dynamic in those markets where you've seen a lot of pressure. In the U.S., the pricing that we've done has been either surgical to get our value equation right on Huggies Snug N' Dry to make sure that we got the right price gap versus our nearest mid-tier competition. And we're seeing reasonable returns from that in terms of the volume growth. On the tissue front, where there was a little bit of price weakness in the quarter, that's been a story that's been going on for awhile. I'd say sequentially it was slightly better in terms of the competitive deep promotion price points pulled up a little bit, so we are not seeing as much of that. So again, it's more about trying to make sure we are competitive on shelf with the right offer, and bringing the right value to the consumer.
Olivia Tong: Got it. Thanks. It's really helpful. And then just following up, on fem care, you had mentioned some incremental activity coming in Q4. Do you mean incremental, like innovation, or more pricing, promotion type adjustments?
Tom Falk: I'd say some of both. We'll have some product news and then some commercial innovation. So it will be a combination of strategic marketing. We'll do some things in the advertising and digital marketing front, as well as some in-store activity, but I wouldn't view it as -- it's not going to be a straight hot price promotion to move volume. It's more strategic around product news.
Olivia Tong: Great. Thanks a bunch.
Tom Falk: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for the question. The next question will come from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Lauren Lieberman: Thanks. Good morning.
Tom Falk: Good morning, Lauren.
Maria Henry: Good morning.
Lauren Lieberman: On North America, two questions. So, one is on the personal care volume growth. I know, Tom, you started to mention there was a little bit of a catch-up or truing-up on inventory levels at retail and shipments versus 2Q. But, just if you could talk about I guess the Nielsen data, which shows something close to 3% sales growth for you guys in terms of takeaway, but you reported 7%. So how much of that do you think is the Impressa pipeline till at the end of the quarter, some catch-up where they've been out-of-stocks last quarter. So that would be one bucket of question. The other would be on pricing, the sequential deceleration. How much of that was maybe sampling or couponing on Poise, any kind of new activity on other areas of incontinence or in fem care? Because it did -- got a little bit more sequentially, and I believe that all of the price adjustments on Snug N' Dry had been in there last quarter. Thanks.
Tom Falk: Yes, that's fair. I think on the volume front, if you think Poise and Impressa, it's fairly small dollars in the quarter, really just getting started. So, if you looked at our total adult care business in North America was up double digits overall on organic. If you took Poise and Impressa out, it was up high single digit. So it didn't move the needle even in adult care all that much, but we do think it's going to be a nice category for us as we start to roll it out. On the price overall, I'd say it was a -- that probably most of it was in diapers, and so, we do have a little bit of a more training pant promotion in the summer months, so you saw a little bit of that in the third quarter. We had some -- we'd launched an improved Pull-Ups product, in August. And so we put a little bit behind that to get that going. But those were the -- largely it was, most of price promotion activity was in the diaper category.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, great. And then just, sorry Tom, just to finish up on the volume, so the Impressa piece was small, but do you think, other than I guess the true-ups versus 2Q was what we saw in terms of shipments versus takeaway, if we assume Nielsen [indiscernible] engage for takeaway. Do you think you're back to even 2Q, 3Q combined, and 4Q is sort of shipments and consumption match a little bit better?
Tom Falk: Yes. I would think that's the case. I think a lot of the inventory that went in was either to support customer service levels. We had some high out-of-stocks for the couple of customers. And so we -- as we added the inventory, we saw better in-stock, and better performance at retail. And so, hopefully that investment continues to pay off for us and our retail partners.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, great. And then if I could just ask one more in personal care margins; margins, up 100 basis points in that business, even with the down-drop in North America pricing, and the 13% FX headwind to top line. So, can you just talk a little bit about what's really driving that? I know you loosely said cost savings, but it just seems like an enormous gap that you guys overcame.
Tom Falk: Yes, I mean I would say cost savings were good. Virtually all the deflation -- the raw material deflation hit personal care, because tissue and KCP is mostly fiber based. And fiber was basically even sequentially, and so -- or year-over-year. So they got virtually all the benefit there. We also got some price in some markets around personal care, where we had some currency devaluation. And so, that helped as well.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. Thank you so much.
Tom Falk: Thanks, Lauren.
Operator: Thank you for the question. The next question will come from Nyet Nuin with Xbodia Capital. Please go ahead.
Nyet Nuin: Hello. Thank you for your talk. And I have a question on the outlook that you have for the Q4. You said organic sales growth contribute 3% to 4%. I wonder why you dropped the percentage of growth from this quarter to next quarter. And then the second part is about the cash flow. I see that the cash -- the free cash flow has been reducing. So I wonder what is the reason why behind that. So there are two questions I have.
Tom Falk: Sure. I think we adjusted our organic sales growth outlook for the year. So, we're at 4.5 year-to-date. And we said we'd be four to five for the year, and that's up from three to five in the previous quarter. So, we got the fourth quarter by definition, it is going to be pretty close to our trend rate for where we've been. On the free cash flow, like everything else in our financial statements, has been affected by changes in currency rates. And so as currencies weaken, it's -- our sales are smaller, our profits are under pressure from it, our balance sheet is smaller, and our cash flow is little smaller. And so, we've got lower cash earnings to start, but predominantly due to currency, and then that flows through the overall cash flow statement.
Nyet Nuin: Thank you. And just a follow-up on the currency question; so I see that a lot of companies are hurt by the stronger dollar compared to other markets. And since your company has a lot of sales in the emerging markets, do you have any other remedies or any other solutions in terms of trying to improve the situation beside endure the pain by the market?
Tom Falk: Well, essentially, we are -- our strategy is to maximize our local currency net income. And so, we make most of our products in the country that we sell them in. And so -- and part of our costs are denominated in local currency, and then a part are in dollar-based commodities, and we try to hedge that where we can. But we want to win in the local market, and gain market share in the local market by delivering products that are relevant, and meet the essentials for mom to care for her family.
Nyet Nuin: Got it. Thank you.
Tom Falk: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for the question. The next question will come from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Ali Dibadj: Hi, guys. So I wanted to get some help thinking about how you feel the quality of your numbers are this quarter. Usually it's pristine, and this time, the top line is still very good, but driven by, as you mentioned, price promo, some inventory, some things that make it sound like the top line isn't quite as sustainable going forward truly, if there's more competition. Your margins were a little bit worse than anticipated. FORCE was a little bit lower, but you made it up through taxes being a little bit lower, at least, at least than we had modeled, and certainly some higher buyback. So, for a company that's usually very pristine on the quality, you're clearly dealing with these tough times. I'm trying to figure out how we should think about this as a little bit different than what we've seen over the past several quarters, I guess.
Tom Falk: Actually, Ali, I was pretty happy with the quality of it. So I -- as we looked at the 5% organic top line, is pretty solid in this environment, and have been at the high end of the range that we've been aiming at, all volume. So really not any help from price to get there were in other quarters, we've been in the four to five range with three volume and two price. So, I mean, I'm pretty happy on the top line front. In this environment, where we're not getting as much price and we still got all the transactional currency hit to cover it with cost savings and still deliver improved gross margin and improved operating margin was a pretty good performance. We held our advertising and promotion investment rate as a percent of sales in the quarter, which is a positive. The year-over-year margin and present [ph] G&A was really a low watermark for us last year, and we did indicate that that probably wasn't going to be repeated. And then other income and expense was about 30 million swing year-over-year. Last year, we had a gain from an asset sale, and this year we had currency transaction losses. And so, when you net all that down, you would say pretty good performance to have margin improvement in both gross and operating margin. And then below the line, taxes were benefit. Mexico had a good quarter though, and Mexico was a nice uptick for us which while it doesn't show up in all the operating line is still a very solid performance. So all in all, I would say we feel pretty good about the quality.
Ali Dibadj: Okay. So many levers to pull, and in a tough environment you can pull on them differentially to get to, again, good numbers throughout. If you could comment on FORCE, it sounds like that's just this quarter a little bit lower than it's been in the past, but feels like that's just kind of ramping up and may be a transition to new plan, and then another comment if you could share 
Tom Falk: Yes, on FORCE, I mean we delivered 85 million, and we are at 285 for the year-to-date. So, we are on track with a 350-ish kind of number, which is - so 85 is pretty close to the run rate you would expect. And so, again, I would say good solid work on negotiating material savings, and specifications, and productivity, all delivered a solid result. And we do think there is more to come as we continue to build our global supply chain capability.
Ali Dibadj: Okay. And I just want to pick your brain because you guys are usually very open and have a lot of insight on kind of the market broadly. I want to know what you thought about this whole Walmart Wednesdays as we're calling it in terms of their panic and basically saying our margins will never be this high, and trying to react to what they believe is a normal trend in the consumer. How do you think CPG companies will interpret that or feel any repercussions of it? Not short term, but longer term.
Tom Falk: There is certainly lot of change going on at Walmart and we see them investing in the store experience. And if you have been in the Walmart a year ago and were in one today, I think you would see a difference, and we are saying our business with them is continuing to perform well. We are also investing in eCommerce. So I think they are doing a lot of right things, and our job is to make sure we are winning with all of our customers wherever mom wants to shop and that we've got the right product and right offer on shelf. And so, we are continuing to do everything we can with them and our other customers to make sure we got the right things happening in the retail space.
Ali Dibadj: Okay. Thanks very much.
Tom Falk: Thank, Ali.
Operator: Thank you for the question. The next question will come from Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research. Please go ahead.
Tom Falk: Good morning, Javier.
Operator: Mr. Escalante, please make sure your phone is put on mute.
Javier Escalante: I am sorry. Good morning everyone. It was in mute. I would like to have some clarifications on the emerging market piece. If you can remind us, what percentage of your sales are in Eastern Europe, which is growing at 45%? And how sustainable is that? Is it that -- I can see that the double-digit volume growth in Russia suggests like there is no price elasticity and that you have a ton of pricing power in Russia. So could you help us understand what's happening in Eastern Europe that is growing 45%? Is it that you are gaining share to competitors? Is it that the category is on fire? So that would be my first questions. And then I have a couple of follow-ups on Brazil and China. Thank you.
Tom Falk: Yes. I mean Russia and Eastern Europe is about couple of percent of our overall company sales. So it's relatively small market for us. And when you've seen what the Ruble has done over the last year, you've seen lots of price inflation in that market. It is not unlike some of the Latin American markets, where you had a significant inflationary impact, and where you got a lot of imported materials in your product, you wind up having to take price just to keep your margins reasonably whole. And we are seeing good response to diaper pants in that market, and so it's not just a straight price increase, we've also brought innovation, and we are trying to watch and make sure we've got the right price pack architecture to hit the purchasing power that mom has got during her monthly purchase cycle.
Javier Escalante: And on China now, the 5% price decline, does it have to do with increased competition from Procter as they launch this premium baby line, or is it more like price mix as you go into lower tiers, or what exactly is driving this 5% down? Should you expect this to continue, that there's going to be some price erosion? Because I have a little bit of problem understanding the trade-up dynamic that you describe with the price decline that you are also citing.
Tom Falk: Yes, in China, more of the price pressure has come from our non-U.S. competitors, particularly a couple of Japanese competitors that are in that market. They've had a relatively weaker home currency, and have invested some of that as they lost some share in China, as we've been gaining share. So we are trying to make sure we keep our volume momentum going, and that we match up with the right price points.
Javier Escalante: And finally, coming back to Brazil, you basically mentioned the personal care piece that is up 10%, which is very good. The diaper growth in China, the 5%, is all pricing. Did volumes decline as other companies are mentioning that is happening in Brazil? Do you have positive volumes in Brazil in diapers or did they decline?
Tom Falk: Our volumes in Brazil were pretty flat in the quarter. So, all of the improvement was price mix, and we did take share leadership on diapers in the quarter in Brazil, but that was really more of our other competitors shrinking a bit, and we've also got fem care -- our leadership in fem care in Brazil as we have driven some innovation on both tampons and pads in that market. So, we continue to see even in a challenging market, when you bring innovation and product news, and bring products that mom wants, consumers are still willing to invest in your category.
Javier Escalante: I guess what I'm trying kind of to finalize with picking up these three BRIC countries has to do with the state of emerging markets because, back in the summer, the markets sold off thinking that emerging markets after what is happening in China would decelerate further. You haven't seen at the end of the day any change on the consumer side or something -- it's certainly not reflected in your numbers, so it doesn't seem that you are gaining significant amount of share. So, do you think that -- have you seen any step down, say, in consumer demand in any of these key emerging markets, you didn't see it versus earlier this year, prior to the sell-off of China equities and the world, China going bankrupt? Thank you.
Tom Falk: I think, Javier, we're seeing some very modest slowdown in category growth, but less than you would think and less than you've seen in some other B2B categories. And so, GDP per capita is still going up in most of these markets, not the one, not the economies that are in recession obviously, but China for sure, and lot of the Asian economies. And so, consumers still have more money to invest in our categories. We are also still seeing super premium segments growing in a lot of these markets. So, even in Brazil, where the upper tiers of the diaper categories are growing at a faster pace, and they haven't slowdown appreciably.
Javier Escalante: That is very insightful. Thank you very much.
Tom Falk: Thank you, Javier.
Operator: Thank you for the question. The next question will come from Iain Simpson with Societe Generale. Please go ahead.
Iain Simpson: Thank you very much. I missed the start of the call, so apologies if these have already been asked. But firstly, you quantified the translational currency impact on profit. Are you able to give any sort of steer as to how we should think about the transactional impact? That would be extremely helpful. Thank you.
Tom Falk: Yes. If you look at -- in the quarter, our translational was about 12 points on the top line. Translation and transaction combined was approaching a north of 30 points. If you look at it on a year-to-date basis -- Paul, is it 25 points, something like that?
Paul Alexander: Yes. It's about 10 points on the top line for translation, and the all-in impact on earnings is approaching is 25%. So, 2 to 2.5 multiple of translation impact is a good rule of thumb.
Iain Simpson: Extremely helpful, thank you. And just secondly, if I may, you talked about eCommerce being about a third of your China diaper business. Are you able to give any indication as to how that's I guess trended over the past sort of medium-term? What that number would've been a couple of years ago or five years ago, or just anything to give us a sense as to kind of where that's come from and perhaps where it's going? Thank you.
Tom Falk: Yes, I think five years ago, eComm in China for us was probably near zero. Or if it was there, we weren't tracking it. And so, we have put more resources against this and have grown that part of the business. And eComm in China is growing at a faster rate than our overall business. So, we continue to see good returns there. And ultimately, we are trying to be present with the right offer wherever mom wants to shop. And so, we are not necessarily trying to shape the category in a particular direction. We just want to be there whatever outlet or form she wants to buy her products.
Iain Simpson: Thank you very much.
Tom Falk: Thanks, Iain.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bill Schmitz: Hi, Tom. Good morning.
Tom Falk: Hi, Bill.
Bill Schmitz: Are you concerned at all about some of the trade down in a lot of the emerging markets, and like will you sort of adjust to that by maybe trying to launch some stuff at lower end, specifically in Brazil and China?
Tom Falk: We were just talking about that on one of the other questions, and so far we are not seeing as much as a trade down as you would think. And we are still seeing -- we launched boy/girl diaper pants in some of the super premium kind of tiers. We are seeing good response and growth there. So we are watching it. And obviously, particularly the economies that are in recession like Brazil and Russia, we are watching that see how the consumer performs and make sure we got the right offer, but we are also seeing really good innovation. Mom still wants the best for her baby. These are not expensive products relative to other things and she is still willing to buy those little luxuries for her family.
Bill Schmitz: Okay. I mean just because if you look in China and in Brazil, it's like Hypermarcas has taken a bunch of share, and I know they're for sale. We talked about that last time, but even like Jiangnan, it seems like they're making a pretty big comeback in some of the Nielsen data. Obviously, your share is growing as well. It seems like some of mid-tier players are the ones that are getting hit.
Tom Falk: Yes. In eComm and super premium baby stores in China is stuff that isn't tracked as well, and that's where the lot of the growth in the category is.
Bill Schmitz: Okay. That's helpful. And then, I know you don't want to give guidance for next year, , but when do you think you're going to get sort of the peak benefit from falling commodities sort of net of the currency becoming less onerous? And I know you sort touched on it a little bit, but has there been any sort of pushback by retailers on some of the pricing stuff, especially on the diaper side, because obviously polypropylene prices are way down? 
Tom Falk: We will give you guidance in January, and at this point, it's still pretty volatile environment. You look at exchange rates at the end of September and then today and they have moved quite a bit in both directions, depending on where you are at. Commodity costs have been a little bit more stable, but if you still look at lot of the forecast for oil at a $20 barrel higher next year than it is right now. And so, we are still wrestling through that and we'll have a point of view for you in January when we are little closer to the year actually getting underway. At this point, we still believe our model is right continuing to look to 3% to 5% organic and delivering a positive result in margin improvement in that kind of an environment.
Bill Schmitz: Okay. And the retail discussions, are they getting any more aggressive because obviously they see what's happened at least with some of the spot prices in some of your categories on the commodity side?
Tom Falk: I would say not in the U.S., and I think and in emerging markets, the currency impact dwarfs any commodity cost benefit in most markets.
Bill Schmitz: Okay. All right, that's very helpful. Thank you very much.
Tom Falk: Thanks, Bill.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from Caroline Levy with CLSA. Please go ahead.
Tom Falk: Hi, Caroline.
Caroline Levy: Hi. Good morning. Hi. I'm wondering if you can talk a little bit about adult care in the U.S., and just how P&G's entry has impacted you. I think Impressa is a different issue I guess. It only just launched, but in general sort of the non-diaper personal-care business, specifically looking at adult as well.
Tom Falk: Yes. Since Procter has launched, the category has grown a little faster, and so we've seen -- we went from mid to high single-digit growth to double-digit growth and seen that happened pretty consistently. We had double-digit growth in the quarter, including the benefits of Impressa, which were relatively modest, but still helped us. We have launched a lot of innovation in the last year to make sure that our consumers have the very best products we could offer available. And so, as a result, I think we probably say we successful defended, we have lost less than our fair share as Procter has come in and have delivered solid growth. I'm sure when P&G talks about this later this week they will talk about a successful launch and they will probably hit their share goals. So, private label and some of the other brands have taken a disproportionate hit from the P&G entry. And so, in the meantime we are just keeping our foot on the gas to make sure we've got a great innovation coming in that space, employees in Impressa is just another good example of that.
Caroline Levy: That's great. Thank you. I know you talked about Mexico getting better again. I also missed part of the call because Coke was going on at the same time. But it seems like Brazil is deteriorating as an economy. What is going on in Mexico that you see, good and bad, over the next 12 months from where you stand?
Tom Falk: Yes, Mexico is -- I am cautiously optimistic there, and Pablo and the team will be on a call later this week, and can give you more color, but that seems executing well, and they are getting some price to cover some of the currency impact that they've hit, seen good volume growth, and good cost savings, and good margin performance. So we are encouraged by what we are seeing there. The economic growth and the economy has been a little slower than they would have hoped at the beginning of the year, but we also see some optimism that that's going to improve going forward a bit, particularly as the U.S. economy improves a bit.
Caroline Levy: Thank you. And then just China, briefly, I think you started to talk a bit about fem care, which was not really in the conversation before. Can you talk about that in more detail?
Tom Falk: Yes. We are still a very small player in fem care in China. We re-launched probably a little over a year, probably a year and a half ago, now, Paul; and saw double-digit growth in the quarter. And we are seeing some share improvements. We are not in as many cities with fem care yet as we are with our diaper business, but we are growing nicely and have good innovation there, and it's around the U by Kotex type positioning with -- aimed at the late-teen, early 20 young women as she is making some brand choices for a wife and making sure we got a relevant interesting product with a good commercial execution for her.
Caroline Levy: Thanks so much.
Tom Falk: Thanks, Caroline.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I will turn the conference back over to you.
Paul Alexander: All right. We thank everyone for your questions today, and we will end with a comment from Tom.
Tom Falk: Well, it's another good quarter of great execution from our team, and we are committed to continue forward and deliver on your expectations as our shareholders, and we thank you all for your support at Kimberly-Clark.
Paul Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas Falk - Chairman and CEO Maria Henry - SVP and CFO Paul Alexander - VP, IR
Analysts: Wendy Nicholson - Citi Research Russell William Schmidt - Deutsche Bank Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein Gail Glazerman - UBS Caroline Levy - CLSA Christopher Ferrara - Wells Fargo Olivia Tong - Bank of America Lauren Lieberman - Barclays
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience in holding, we now have your speakers in conference. [Operator Instructions] at the completion of todays presentation we will open the floor for questions. At that time instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question. I would now like to turn todays conference over to Mr. Paul Alexander. Sir, you may begin.
Paul Alexander: Thank you and good morning everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clarks Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Here with me today in Dallas are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Maria Henry, CFO; and Mike Azbell, Vice President and Controller. Here is the agenda for our call. Maria will begin with a review of our second quarter results, after that Tom will provide his perspectives on our results and the outlook for the full year. Well finish with Q&A. As usual we have a presentation of todays materials in the Investors section of our website. Now as a reminder we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. Well also be referring to adjusted results and outlook. Both exclude certain items described in this mornings news release. The news release has further information on these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. And now Ill turn it over to Maria.
Maria Henry: Thanks, Paul. Good morning everyone. I am happy to be in my first earnings call as part of the Kimberly-Clark team. I had the opportunity to meet some of you and I am looking forward to meeting many more of you as I begin travelling to meet with investors [indiscernible]. Let me go ahead and turn to our results for the second quarter, starting with some headlines. First, we achieved organic sales growth of 4%, in line with our full year target of 3% to 5%. Second, we delivered excellent cost savings and margin improvement and solid growth in adjusted earnings per share. And third we continue to improve our capital efficiency and return cash to shareholders. Now lets cover the details of our results, second quarter sales were $4.6 billion, thats down 6% driven by a 10 point drag from currency rates. Organic sales rose 4% highlighted by a 10% increase in our developing and emerging markets. On profitability adjusted gross margin was 35.8% in the second quarter up 140 basis points year-over-year. Adjusted operating margin was 17%, thats up 130 basis points. Operating margins were up in each major geographic regions North America, developed markets and developing and emerging markets. Our teams continue to deliver significant cost savings in order to improve profitability and fund the investments that were making behind our brands. Second quarter FORCE savings were $105 million equaling our previous all-time high. For the full year we now expect that FORCE savings will be at least $350 million thats up from our previous expectations of at least $300 million. In addition our organizational restructuring is on track and generated $20 million of savings in the quarter. Commodities were a $40 million benefit in the quarter mostly from oil based materials. We now expect that deflation for the full year will be between $100 million and $200 million. On the other hand we continue to experience significant currency headwinds the total earnings drag from currency was approximately $0.30 per share in the second quarter. For the full year, we expect that currency will negatively impact earnings by more than 20%. On the bottom-line, second quarter adjusted earnings per share were $1.41 thats up 6% year-on-year and includes an approximate 3 point benefit from a lower share account. Now turning to cash flow and capital efficiency. Cash provided by operations in the second quarter was healthy as $772 million, compared to the year ago quarter that was down $70 million driven by the spin-off of the healthcare business. Our second quarter working capital cash conversion cycle improved seven days compared to the 2014 full year average. We now expect our full year improvement to be six to seven days and thats ahead of our original three to four day improvement targets. This is mostly driven by additional progress on payables. In terms of adjusted return on investment capital halfway through the year we are up 220 basis points including benefits from the spin-offs. We expect full year improvement on ROIC to be at least 250 basis points. On capital allocation, second quarter dividend payments and share repurchases totaled more than $400 million the full year total should be at least $2 billion or about 5% of our current market capitalization. Now lets take a look at the segments. In Personal Care, organic sales rose 5%, performance was led by developing in emerging markets where organic sales were up 13%. Overall Personal Care operating margins were 20.5%. The 190 basis point improvement year-on-year was enabled by three things, organic sales growth, cost savings and lower input cost. Moving on to consumer tissue, organic sales were up 1%, including volume growth of 5% in North America. Consumer tissue operating margins of 17.3% were up 260 basis points. Result from this segment benefited from strong cost savings and lower between the line spending. In our third segment K-C Professional delivered organic sales growth of 5%. Within that organic sales were up 8% in developing and emerging markets and up 2% in North America. The segment top-line also benefited from sales of nonwovens to Halyard Health in conjunction with a limited term supply agreement. Overall K-C Professional margins were 17.6%, up 20 basis points year-over-year. I am encouraged that K-C Professionals margins remained healthy and above the corporate average. To summarize, we had a good quarter as we achieved mid-single-digit growth in organic sales and adjusted earnings per share, we delivered strong cost savings and margin improvements and we continue to improve our balance sheet efficiency and allocate capital in shareholder friendly ways. With that, Ill now turn it over to Tom.
Thomas Falk: Thanks, Maria and good morning, everyone. Ill share my perspective on our second quarter results and then Ill address our full year outlook. So, overall we delivered another quarter of good financial results and we are executing our global business plan strategies very well. As Maria just mentioned our business in developing and emerging markets had another strong quarter and that was led by our Personal Care business. Organic sales in diapers rose low teens in these markets and we continue to benefit from innovation from expansion of diaper pants from the category development in many areas and from higher net selling prices in some places. And in terms of our key growth markets, organic sales in diapers increased 30% in China where we continue to drive strong growth even though competitive activity has picked up somewhat recently. Huggies diapers are now sold in about 110 cities in China and thats up from 105 cities at the end of last year. Our organic sales in diapers also rose by 30% in Eastern Europe the growth this quarter was driven by price increases to offset some of the currency declines that have happened in that market. In Brazil, our team continues to execute well in a challenging economic environment. Total Personal Care organic sales were up about 10% in Brazil and that included 5% growth in diapers. Were also doing well in our other Personal Care businesses in developing and emerging markets organic sales in fem care were up double-digits in the second quarter and that included excellent performance in Latin America led by Brazil. Organic sales also increases strong double-digits in baby wipes and in adult care. And our K-C Professional business had high single-digit organic sales growth in developing and emerging markets in the quarter. So overall we delivered excellent results again in the developing and emerging markets and we expect our momentum to continue there going forward. Turning to our developed market business outside North America organic sales in the quarter were down slightly. We had solid growth in South Korea, but market conditions were relatively soft in Western and Central Europe. Nonetheless I am encouraged that operating margins were up year-on-year in the developed market overall. Moving to our North American consumer business, sales volumes were up nicely on a number of brands that included Huggies baby wipes, Goodnites Youth Underpants, Cottonelle bathroom tissue, Viva paper towels. On Huggies diapers while still early day the second quarter relaunched of mainline Huggies Snug N Dry diapers is off to a pretty good start. In terms of upcoming innovations in North America, we have product upgrades coming on both Huggies premium diaper and Pull-Ups training pants and in adult care were launching Poise Impressa, which is a unique innovation that helps prevent Light Bladder Leakage. And in K-C Professional North America volumes increased mid-single-digits in our higher margin faster growing wiper and safety products businesses. In washroom products volumes were up low-single-digits as market conditions continue to improve modestly. Since Maria has already discussed our profitability balance sheet and capital allocation I will just add that I am pleased towards our performance in all of these areas. So all-in-all I am encouraged by our results in the second quarter and in the first half of the year. Now lets move on to the outlook for the full year. Our teams continue to focus on delivering their plans for the year and investing further as appropriate for future growth. On the top-line we continue to target organic sales growth of 3% to 5%. With organic sales up 4% halfway through the year were in good shape relative to this target. On the bottom-line we've raised the low end of our previous guidance by $0.05 a share. Our new guidance range for adjusted earnings per share is $5.65 to $5.80 a share. This change reflects our strong performance in the first half of the year and our progress on FORCE costs savings that Maria highlighted. Weve also stepped up investments in our brands and our targeted growth initiatives from what we originally planned. As we continue to be optimistic about the growth opportunities that we have in front of us. In terms of external factors our current expectation is that the net impact of changes in currencies, commodities and selling prices probably similar to our original plan that we communicated to you in January. The commodity outlook has improved somewhat, but we expect that price realization will be a little less positive than what we expected earlier in the year. And as we said in April we expect more currency headwinds than we had in our regional plan for the year. We continue to focus on delivering on our annual commitments that said as you look at the back half of the year Ill point out that last years earnings profile was unusually skew to the third quarter. Third quarter last year had more than normal amount of other income, had a strong quarter in Venezuela and had lower than expected G&A spending. So in summary we delivered very good results in the first half of the year, we continue to focus on the fundamentals that drive long-term performance and we remain optimistic about our prospects to generate attractive shareholder return. So that wraps up our prepared remarks and now well begin to take your questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen at this time well open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions]. The first question will come from Wendy Nicholson with Citi Research. Please go ahead.
Windy Nicholson: Hi, I have two sort of buckets of questions if thats okay? The first one just on a diaper numbers that you break out, okay so the 5% in Brazil can you clarify how much of that is a slow down just in the macro just in the macro is a slowdown in the consumer off-take, is it inventory destocking and is that number sort of in your mind in terms of whats going to process over the next couple of quarters? And then totally separately, Maria sort of as you come into the company fresh perspective, new look I mean the FORCE savings that Kimberly has been generating are just phenomenal, and I guess as you look at the cost structure sort of with a fresh set of eyes is this rate of cost cutting sort of something that you think is sustainable for the next few years or are we coming sort of to the end of that part of the story? Thank you.
Thomas Falk: Okay, sure. Ill take the first one and Ill let Maria answer the second question. So in terms of Brazil, I mean overall were pretty happy with our performance in that market on the consumer side. We didnt talk much about our KCP business. But on the B2B side that economy has slowed down. There is no question about it and we are seeing that in our KCP sales in the industrial side customers and at this point wed say that the category is a little slower on the other hand we had a great quarter in fem care. So weve been able to bring innovation, weve seen that continue to drive the business. And so were going to continue to invest in innovation and diapers and we think we can do a little better than we did this quarter overall. But its a more challenging market from an economic perspective thats for sure. Maybe Ill turn it over to Maria and she can comment on cost saves and her perspective on that.
Maria Henry: Hi Wendy, thanks for the question. On the FORCE savings, first let me say Im really proud of the Kimberly-Clark organization on a global basis for delivering just an outstanding quarter in FORCE savings of over $100 million in the second quarter. If you look at the rates for the - of at least $350 million. Thats a really strong savings rate and I believe that we can continue to do this. If I think about the percentage of annual savings that were able to deliver off of our cost of goods sold base we are in a good place in terms of what we are delivering and with the addition of Sandra MacQuillan to our team, who is our new Head of Global Supply Chain. I think Sandra will be able to work with the teams around the globe to unlock some additional savings as we go. So I feel really good about the rate of savings that we are delivering and Im very confident that well able to continue to deliver strong productivity in our supply chain area.
Operator: Thank you for your question. The next question will come from Bill Schmidt with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Russell William Schmidt: Hi guys, good morning.
Thomas Falk: Hey, Bill.
Russell William Schmidt: Hey, a couple of questions. Can we just like draw a little bit deeper in the emerging markets starting with Brazil. I think if you look at some of the shared data of Hyper Mark [ph] out which is value brand is gaining share do you think thats a change in sort of consumer preference or is it macro, is it permanent? And then I think SA [ph] also exited the market. So is that an opportunity and then in China can you just talk about I think you said 110 cities now. Whats the sort of end state opportunity is like how many cities arent you in and then what channels and price tiers maybe? And then lastly on Russia I just wanted to check on the health of the distributors and how they are getting [indiscernible] product in and if there is I think you can just sort of help them out given the macro? And then I have a follow up if I can.
Thomas Falk: Okay sure. If I remember all those also Brazil Id say EPRA markets is up a little bit and that business is for sale, as you probably know I think there is some stuff that they are doing a kind of push those sales in the short-term. I wouldnt say weve seen a lot of trading down in this market and spend the consumer shock hasnt been as big as youve seen in other economies over time and so you are seeing a huge trade down at this point and were still driving premiumization across our line up in Brazil and you saw that in the fem care numbers as we launch better performing products that consumers want to trade up on that front. So again Id say the news of FCA leaving in some consolidation there I mean there are probably more competitors in Brazil today than your normal market at this stage. And so its not unusual to see a little bit of consolidation happening and typically thats good for the big global players. In China we are at 110 and Id say its truly every city you add is a little smaller than the last, on the other hand these cities still have like a million people and so they are pretty good sized and there still quite a bit of opportunity. I would say at least 200 cities in terms of channels. We are actually really developing e-commerce quite well and were also spending a lot of time on the premium baby stores and those are both rapidly growing channels. Today probably a third of our diapers sales in China are done through e-commerce and the baby stores are a real super-premium channel where all the high end products are typically sold and you dont see much in the value segment in that space. I dont expect were going to go deep into the low tiers in China, weve got quite a bit of growth ahead of us in the mid to premium tiers and expect us to stay in that space. And on Russia, I was in Russia earlier this year actually I met with one of our KCP distributors and at that point they seem to be managing through the prices pretty well probably were little more optimistic than even I was going in terms how things were going to play out. I think the oil prices has stayed down little longer is probably going to put a little bit more pressure on that economy. So its something that were continuing to watch, we do manufacture now in Russia so that does help us a bit in some of our cost base in local currency and doesnt require us to import as much, but thats a challenging market for sure and well keep an eye on that going forward.
Russell William Schmidt: Great, thanks. And if I just ask one follow-up on fem care in North America, I mean the category itself is pretty soft I think the shares are little soft as well is any of that due to your now having like a focus competitor in Edge well and obviously they have some pretty ambitious growth targets. So are you seeing a lot more aggressive competitive activity from them?
Thomas Falk: I would say there was a little bit more competitive noise in fem care in the last quarter that accounts for some of the share decline, were also looking to see are we executing as well as we could and we have enough news and innovation in commercial activity, but I would say that was a soft spot for us in the consumer business in the second quarter.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question will come from Ali Dibadj with Sanford. Please go ahead.
Ali Dibadj: Hey, how are you? So, couple of questions. One is I want to dig into Personal Care just a little bit more in terms of where your growth is coming from clearly its the emerging and developing world. That growth rate again continues to slow, its still good that continues to slow. So trying to get a sense of where you think that kind of growth rate gets to on a steady state, you say the momentum is continuing, but is that momentum is slowing momentum, so thats one part of the Personal Care of business. And then the other part I want to get a little bit more into the details of the Snug and Dry re-launch in the U.S. so it still looks like the North America business for you on Personal Care isnt really showing great results from the Snug and Dry launch is it just too early because on the other hand in the Nielsen data it looks like you might be seeing some improvement, so want to really understand what we should expect from Snug and Dry in particular and how you think that may change your Personal Care results in the U.S. going forward? So those two pieces first please.
Thomas Falk: Okay. So Personal Care growth rate, I mean weve said high single low double-digit growth in developing and emerging markets for us going forward and Personal Care is going to be the centerpiece of that and while there is some little bit of growth slowdown in some places there is also new markets that were continuing to open up like Nigeria and Kenya and places like that where there is pretty high birth rate. So we do feel like there is a pretty long way to go to continue to penetrate these categories and GDP per capita is still improving even though the overall economic growth rate is slowing in some of these markets. And so consumers have more purchasing power in their pocket to buy our products going forward. And so we also see categories like Adult Care, baby wipes that are still very under penetrated as we bring those into those markets there is a big opportunity to build those out overtime. And so weve got some GDP per capita levers to drive that weve got some new category expansion to drive as well as some still some remaining geographic expansion to drive it and those factors I think will provide a lot of growth for us for future. On the Snug and Dry re-launch I mean if you look at kind of the spread I think if you look at the Nielsen data and probably say we were up a percent in the quarter thats probably pretty consistent as we would look at our consumption or our shelf off take would be pretty similar to that as we look at it across the parts of the category that arent covered by Nielsen and our sales were down about a percent, our share was up about half a point sequentially. And so the difference between our sales and the retail consumption is probably inventory change in channels which obviously going to be sustained. So wed say were broadly on track with our expectation on that re-launch and pretty good execution across retail consumers like the product the early reads and all the social media activity is very high four and five star ratings. And so thats kind of what were looking for and expect to continue to drive that in the back half, weve also got some news coming on the super-premium end of our Huggies line up, which will help that, we havent seen much canalization on little bit of share growth that weve had which is great. So, so far I think the team we would say were pretty much on track.
Ali Dibadj: Okay. And then follow-up just on a former response in terms of Personal Care in the emerging market, I mean I guess just to be very specific, do you expect the growth rate to continue to slow given kind of large numbers et cetera as it has done. So maybe answer that and Ill come back with another one.
Thomas Falk: I mean I think it was what 11 in the first quarter and 10 this quarter. So I would say thats a modest slow down. But I would expect were going to be in that high single-digit, low double-digit range for a while I mean they vary a little bit depending on the quarter and whats going on.
Ali Dibadj: Okay, cool thank you. So my last one is just around the CapEx uptick that we saw in a part has been see it. But can you give us a sense of where that's from what we should expect going forward?
Thomas Falk: Yeah well probably move to Maria you can add some color on this, but were probably a little ahead of our typical run rate it seems to be more backend loaded. But I think were still expecting to be in the range, but Maria I dont know if youve got any other color you want to add to that?
Maria Henry: Yeah, I think that's right. I would expect given where we are and the projects that we have on top for the second half that we will come out at the high end of our CapEx range for the year.
Thomas Falk: More of it's outside the U.S. than inside, as you would expect.
Operator: Thank you for your question. The next question will come from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman: Hi, good morning.
Thomas Falk: Hey, Gail.
Gail Glazerman: Can you talk a little bit detail about whats going on in the U.S. bath tissue market. You guys obviously had great volume probably due to promote. How do you see the overall spend in the promo activity there?
Thomas Falk: Yes, probably competitive activity has probably picked up just a little bit. We are continuing to do well with Cottonelle and have seen that take off another selling quarter behind Cottonelle Scott Tissue is also continuing to do well in the market. So probably maybe the competitive frequency has picked up just a bit and you are seeing that a little bit in the pricing number. Some of our price numbers as well affected some of the promotional timing. And so I wouldn't necessarily say that the uptick this quarter was fully reflective about what's happened in the market. Some of it had more to do with timing of promotions than the overall market activity.
Gail Glazerman: Okay and depends from of course the birth rate is starting to pick up and I was just wondering if you could just talk about are you starting just kind of see them, what are you thinking as you look out over the next year or two?
Thomas Falk: Yeah, weve seen that as well and so its small positive upward momentum, which as weve been talking about for a while. The things that have been more predictive of that our male unemployment, household formation and consumer confidence and were seeing slow steady progress in those in the U.S. economy and that's just driving the birth rate up a bit which is good.
Gail Glazerman: Alright. And in terms of your deflation outlook for the year, can you just talk a little bit about where you expect to see the incremental deflation over the second half, I mean what is the little bit better than what you might have expected three months ago?
Thomas Falk: Yeah, pretty much all of our deflation is oil related material. So if you look at pulp and secondary fiber those are pretty close to our original estimates for the year. So were not seeing those move around much, I mean eucalyptus is a little stronger, [indiscernible] is a little weaker and so the net-net it's about where we thought it was going to be. And so it's more polymer super absorbent, things like adhesives, packaging materials anything that's made out of a petroleum molecule. Obviously with oil being a little lower than... for a little longer than maybe we thought in our original guidance more thats kind of flowing through in our lower material cost than we would have expected at the beginning of the year. Most of that lines up in Personal Care from a segment stand point. So consumer tissue and KCP don't get too much of that.
Operator: Thank you for your question. [Operator Instructions] The next question will come from Nick Moody [ph] with RBC. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah, thanks for the question. Just two real quick one for me. Tom, maybe if you could just remind us on how you are thinking about acquisitions in terms of criteria and if you were to do an acquisition it's just really kind of building scale in existing categories or would you look at kind of wide space? And then the second question is on e-commerce its obviously becoming a very important trend for some of your categories so just wanted to get an update on that side of the business? Thanks.
Thomas Falk: Absolutely yeah the M&A we have not been big acquires and so where we have done things has been more tuck-in and I think weve got so many great organic growth opportunities in our businesses around the world that we really want to make sure we're fully funding those and that we're resourcing those in the right way and that's I think the most valuable form of growth for our shareholders and we want to make sure were pursuing that. And so there may be tuck-ins and individual markets that we've considered from time to time, but we want to make sure we deliver on our organic growth framework. On the e-com front, we basically we want to make sure that our products are available wherever mom wants to shop. And so if she is shopping at a nearby traditional retail outlet that's great we want to make sure were there with the right offer and the right product form. If she wants to shop online absolutely we want to make sure she can find Huggies and are lineup is easy to navigate and we will make it easier to find what she needs there. And so we try to make sure that were building capability around the world where e-commerce is developing in where mom wants to shop. So that we have the skill sets to make sure that our products is represented in a digital space at the same level of professionalism that is represented in a physical store. And so thats something that weve learned were probably in the front foot on that in China. Were probably little late to the game in the U.S. but were catching up quick. And that were kind of monitoring and investing ahead of the curve and individual markets around the world where we see e-commerce starts to play out.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. And Tom is there any way you can give us just rough how big the current e-commerce business is and how fast its growing just so have a sense of reference?
Thomas Falk: Yeah, I mean the statistics are probably difficult because if you sell to an offline retailer who has an online presence it's hard to tell exactly what flow through each part of their business, but it varies quite a bit by markets on the U.S. its probably less than 5% of our sales, in China and our diaper business is probably a third of our sales. In Korea from a category standpoint in the diaper space it's approaching 60% of the category. And so overall it's probably still in the 5% or less of our sales just because some of our categories like tissue and KCP are not as well developed from an e-com standpoint yet.
Unidentified Analyst: Excellent, thank you so much. Thanks.
Thomas Falk: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from the Caroline Levy with CLSA. Please go ahead.
Caroline Levy: Good morning. Thank you very much.
Thomas Falk: Good morning, Caroline.
Caroline Levy: I just wanted to ask a couple of things on the U.S. the adult diaper business and the fem care business. Can you talk about the competitive environment and what the outlook is for innovation there and is P&G growing the adult category or are you seeing some share loss there?
Thomas Falk: Yeah. I think in adult care Procter re-launched last year with their always discrete product and category growth rates did pick up. We lost a little less than our fair share of market share. Probably done a little bit better on the Depend side, they picked up a little bit more share on with always discrete against Poise, but private label and SCA kind of brand loss probably disproportionately more share than we did. If you look at the second quarter both Depend and Poise our share was up about a point sequentially but we were still down year-over-year from where the launch had occurred. Its quite a bit of innovation happening weve launched quite a bit of new products over the last year or so and with more coming under both Depend and Poise. The most recent launch news is a totally new product called Poise Impressa which we had in test market in Kansas City and this is a product that actually helps prevent bladder leakage. And so its a new space and we're going to be investing behind that in the later part of the year. On fem care again we talked about that a little bit earlier probably a little bit more competitive promotion activity in the quarter I think we are down about a point year-on-year and pretty flat sequentially on share, but some of it is the categories more competitors some of it were going to make sure we're doing all the right things to execute in that space. So were making sure we got the right offer in the right messaging to drive that category.
Caroline Levy: Thanks. And then just a follow-up on China, can you help us scale how important that business is to you because its been growing so fast for so long it wasnt necessarily disproportionately large within the whole business Brazil was generally your biggest market can you help us just understand the key drivers of EM?
Thomas Falk: Brazil still the biggest at about $1 billon and China is gaining fast. So its what Paul probably 3% of sales something like that.
Paul Alexander: Yeah. China was 3% in the full year of last year and its going to be a bigger percentage this year.
Caroline Levy: Thanks so much.
Thomas Falk: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for your question. [Operator Instructions] The next question will come from Christ Ferrara with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Christopher Ferrara: Hey, good morning guys.
Thomas Falk: Good morning Chris.
Christopher Ferrara: Good morning. Wanted to dig a little bit more into I guess the specifics around U.S. volume, so it sounds like you guys in the press release you called out volume being down slightly in adult child and diapers and I guess specifically diapers the gap there with Nielsen is really wide right, so Nielsen showing something like mid-single-digits volume increases during those months then you have Unilever this morning talking destalking in the U.S. so I am wondering can you reconcile that a little bit I know its Nielsen, but the volume piece specifically I guess?
Thomas Falk:  Yeah I mean as we would look at the - Ali asked this question a little bit earlier, as we would look at the U.S. diaper category in the quarter wed say looking at everything that we can see and from a consumption standpoint shelf off take was probably plus 1 and our volume was minus 1 on diaper. And so there is a little bit of inventory change some of it also has to do with that we shift some of the promotional activity in March for some of the snug and dry re-launch that that would up selling through in the second quarter. And so I would say were about on track with our expectations from that standpoint. And our stuff typically is pretty high queue, pretty high velocity. So there is usually not very large inventory swings. So we wouldnt typically see a big destocking effect.
Christopher Ferrara:  Okay, great. And then can we talk about the incremental brand, I mean I guess thats above and beyond what youd expected I think you sort of framed it around continued optimism around growth opportunity. So I guess can you talk about how much of that incremental brand investment you expect to be in the form of pricing right, which kind of came up a little over this quarter versus advertising behind initiatives?
Thomas Falk: Yeah. I think the way I would think about it is yeah were little bit ahead of our plan so far this year and we want to make sure we deliver the plan, but we also if we have the opportunity to invest more in innovation or in some of our key markets where weve got good growth opportunities in a strategic way were going to look for opportunities to do that in the back half and maybe more than we have in past years, which is a great opportunity for our teams to be whether theyre thinking about where do I cut programming to make the year were looking at and we fully funded here the things that we can do to increase our investment. So, where weve had good innovation, where weve god market momentum those would be the kind of places that wed been asking those questions it would be much more strategic front, but Id say advertising as part of it, digital coupon I guess another part some of that stuff might wind up as a reduction of sales if its a digital coupon, but its going to be more strategic rather than any kind of price cutting.
Christopher Ferrara: And just to be clear you guys have considered this more offensive than defensive relative to competition?
Thomas Falk: Yeah. I think in general yeah, you want to make sure if you have competitive threats in markets though that you are fully defending. So weve mentioned that the China diaper - with the right offer and [indiscernible]. So I think there is an element where you plan to offence and you also want to make sure youre fully competitive.
Christopher Ferrara: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Thomas Falk: Thanks Chris.
Operator: Thank you for your question. The next question will come from Olivia Tong with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Thomas Falk: Good morning Olivia.
Olivia Tong: Good morning. How are you?
Thomas Falk: Pretty good.
Olivia Tong: Good. So first question, just want to dig a little bit deeper into the earnings outlook because you raise your expectations on commodities enforced by lets call about $100 million cumulatively. And clearly thats slightly offset by the slight uptick in currency pressure, but it doesnt seem to be flowing fully through to your earnings outlook. So is it a function some of the incremental brand investment that you just refer to? So or is it another thing so maybe can you talk through some of the puts and takes that offset some of the positives on the expense line to start?
Thomas Falk: Yeah, thats the right way to think about it. We took the guidance up, the bottom end of the range up a nickel and that's part of it. We had better - a little bit better commodities we expected a little bit worst currency than we expected and then we took FORCE cost savings are tracking ahead of plan and were investing some of that strategically in key markets and products in the back half of the year. So you get the right elements and the mix of that is what translates into the guidance.
Olivia Tong: Got it thank you. And then just two follow-up questions, first on North American diapers, is Huggies spending right now fully rolled out and as you think about sort of rebuilding share at the low end how concern are you about the competitive environment at the entry level price points given where commodities are right now? And how do you think about the price volume mix? How do you think that looks going forward? And then just overall on the promotional environment which you referenced a couple of times already, but how is the competitive environment looking right now overall? I mean we talked a little bit about North American consumer tissue, but just to reassume your thoughts on the overall basis as well? Thanks so much.
Thomas Falk: Sure. Yeah on diapers I mean, I think the near-term commodity weakness isn't resulting in any significant price movement and if you kind of look at over the last couple of years weve had pretty good amount of commodity increases, but there was no price recovery for us. So if you looked at the net-net of it we are still even though the deflation were going to have this year is less than the inflation we had last year that we didn't get any pricing for. So I would say in the range that we are in I don't think it's going to move price significantly. I also think the consumer is in the stronger position than they were a year ago. And so we want to make sure that we get the right offer and that we get a very good performing product at a competitive price in the market place, which is sort of in the heritage of Huggies for many years and were really making sure we stay true to that. In terms of the competitive environment, if you look all over the world there is plenty of people that get up every morning wanting to take your business. And so we look at the Japanese competitors, [indiscernible] are quite aggressive local Chinese competitors like [indiscernible] are aggressive, we got local competitors in Latin America with CMPC and then SCA is popping up in lots of places. So and obviously P&G is a formidable global competitor as well. So we know we've got to be moving pretty fast every day to bring right innovation to execute well in the market to continue to deliver on our business plans and our teams are up for that challenge.
Olivia Tong: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for the question. [Operator Instructions] The next question will come from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Lauren Lieberman: Thanks, good morning.
Thomas Falk: Familiar with Barclays its great.
Lauren Lieberman: Actually this is Lieberman regardless. Can you talk a little bit again sorry to beat a dead horse, but just on fem care at least in the Nielsen data, it looks like private label has actually been gaining some ground. So when you are talking about kind of making sure you have the right offerings and revisiting market again and so is it primarily what you are seeing day to day as well the private label is the really the one kind of making some inroads?
Thomas Falk: Finally the shares are up a little bit I'm just kind of looking at the share data. But it's.... I don't know if you get it Paul.
Paul Alexander:  About a point.
Thomas Falk: About a point. But I would say it's been more the competitive price points from some of those smaller players in the market that has been making some noise, as weve last year consolidated our everything under the U by Kotex name and that execution went pretty well. But we still think with that we can do even better in terms of how we merchandise that in store and make sure weve got the right product and right offer. Our super-premium our U by Kotex line was a little slower growth this quarter and so that's one that we are really focusing on and make sure we got the right innovation messaging there. And so again some of its the category and some of it is we probably say we can do better on the innovation and execution front.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. And as you are thinking about the reinvestment dollars the back half of the year and even further beyond, how much of that mix is skewing online social et cetera? Particularly I think about things like where to reach people entering the fen care category, what you'll be doing with Impressa going forward and whats your kind of learning trajectory on how to do online best?
Thomas Falk: That's a great question, and thats something that were spending a lot of time on and so weve got lots of digital marketing work going on all over the world and are trying to make sure were investing in that capability in each individual market and then where we find something that work to share best practices at a faster pace. And so I think thats something that every CPG out there is doing. And particularly in the target market of fem care for late teen girls I mean they are very connected in their social experience and we want to make sure that were relevant there. So for example in China with our re-launch of our Kotex brand there its been nearly 100% digital marketing really almost no network TV in that space just because of the importance of that channel that consumer. And so weve had some real successes and weve also learn some things along the way of what not to do and but weve got a lot of good work going on in that space.
Lauren Lieberman: When did Kotex re-launch in China?
Thomas Falk: We launch that it was like early last year or late 13?
Paul Alexander: Yes.
Thomas Falk: Late 13 I think was the first shipment that really kind of sort hit strides in 14.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. And then in - fem care in Brazil couple of times today, so was there also a re-launch for Kotex in Brazil?
Thomas Falk: Yeah. Our brand there is Intimus like Kotex which is a brand that we acquired, but were upgrading that with some of the global innovation that weve done in other markets along the lines of the U by Kotex things that weve done in the U.S. and seeing a very good response when we picked up brand leadership in Brazil in fem care for the first time in the long time and have good momentum going in that market.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, great. Last details is it branding on end product in terms of you by Kotex carry over in the U.S. or is it just sort of the product itself?
Thomas Falk: Its more of the product itself and its actually its more of a global innovation a lot of the stuff that U.S. guys are launching that was invented in Korea or China or elsewhere and so that global team is probably doing the best job of any that we have of driving an idea consistently around the world. Five years ago probably would have been our most disapproved product form everywhere and today were all on went roughly the same product chasse were trying to take that learning and do it other areas so some of the things were doing on diaper pants and baby wipes are tapping into that where our local teams still have local optimization, but were able to drive a more consistent message around the world.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. So, thanks so much.
Thomas Falk: Thanks, Lauren.
Operator: Thank you for your questions. [Operator Instructions]
Paul Alexander: Alright. Since we have no more questions on the line we thank you for your interest today and well close with the comment from Tom.
Thomas Falk: Once again a good quarter of top and bottom line results and good execution by the team and we really appreciate your interest and support in Kimberly-Clark. Thanks very much.
Paul Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays conference. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a wonderful evening.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and CEO Mark A. Buthman - SVP and CFO Paul J. Alexander - VP, IR
Analysts: Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein Gail Glazerman - UBS Christopher Ferrara - Wells Fargo Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Brian Doyle - CLSA Russell William Schmidt - Deutsche Bank Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research John Faucher - JPMorgan
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience in holding, we now have your presenters in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of todays presentation we will open the floor for your questions. At that time instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question. It is now my pleasure to introduce todays first presenter, Mr. Paul Alexander.
Paul J. Alexander : Thank you and good morning everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clarks first quarter earnings conference call. Here with me today in Dallas are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO; and Mike Azbell, Vice President and Controller. Now here is the agenda for our call. Mark will begin with a review of first quarter results, Tom will then provide his perspectives on our results and the outlook for the full year. Well finish with Q&A. We have a presentation of todays materials in the Investors section of our website. And as a reminder we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements.  Well also be referring to adjusted results and outlook. Both exclude certain items described in this mornings release. The news release has further information on these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. And now Ill turn it over to Mark.
Mark A. Buthman: Thanks Paul and good morning. Lets start with some headlines. First we achieved organic sales growth of 5%. It was highlighted by 11% growth in developing and emerging markets. Second, we delivered strong cost savings, margin improvements and growth in adjusted earnings per share. And third we continue to allocate capital in shareholder-friendly ways.  So lets cover the details of our results. First quarter sales were $4.7 billion, down 4% including a nine point drag from currency rates. Our underlying organic sales rose 5%. Adjusted gross margin was 35.6% in the first quarter, thats up 140 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted operating profit was up 7% versus a year ago with an operating margin of 17.4%. Thats up a 180 basis points compared to the prior year.  I am really encouraged by our margins and our cost savings performance, as we start the year. We delivered $90 million of FORCE cost savings and we are off to a very good start relative to our full year target for savings of at least $300 million. In addition our organizational restructuring is on track and generated $10 million of savings in the quarter. Commodities were at $10 million of savings in the quarter. Commodities were a $10 million benefit in the quarter, thats the first time in more than two years that we experienced cost deflation.  On the other hand we absorbed significant currency headwinds. The total earnings drag from currency was approximately $0.25 per share or about 19% in the quarter. On the bottom line first quarter adjusted earnings per share were a $1.42. Thats a strong start to the year and up 8% compared to last year. Now turning to cash flow, our cash provided by operations in the first quarter was $20 million. Thats compared to $437 million last year. The decline was primarily due to higher pension contributions, currency effects and operating working capital and the impact of last years spin-off of our healthcare business. In February we made contributions which we financed by a debt offering to our U.S. pension plan in conjunction with the annuity transaction that we announced. As a result of these contributions we now expect that cash provided operations in 2015 will be down somewhat year-on-year. In terms of primary working capital first quarter cash conversion cycle was down seven days compared to full year 2014. So we are ahead of our three to four day improvement objective for the year. Now moving to capital allocation, first quarter dividend payments and share repurchases totaled $0.5 billion. We continue to provide a top tier dividend payout among our peers and in February we announced our 43rd consecutive annual increase in the dividend. As we mentioned in this mornings news release in the first quarter we acquired the remaining interest in our subsidiary in Israel for $150 million. As a result we are now targeting full year share repurchases in a range of $700 million to $900 million. Full year dividends and share repurchases should be at least $2 billion or about 5% of our current market capitalization. Now I will highlight a few areas from our segment results for the quarter, in Personal Care, organic sales rose 6%. Performance was led by developing and emerging markets with organic sales up 16%. Overall Personal Care operating margins were 19.7% in the quarter. Thats up 50 basis points year-on-year.  Moving to Consumer Tissue, organic sales were up a point, including strong bathroom tissue volumes in North America. Consumer Tissue operating margins of 18.5% were up 330 basis points year-on-year, with a strong cost savings performance and lower between the line spending. And lastly, K-C Professional organic sales increased 7%. Organic sales were up 8% in developing in emerging markets and 4% in North America. The total KCP segment top line also benefited from sales of nonwovens to Halyard Health in conjunction with a limited term supply agreement. Overall KCP margins were 16.9%. That was even with a year ago. So that wraps up my comments. To recap we are off to a strong start in the first quarter led by organic sales growth at the high end of our 3% to 5% full year target. We delivered strong cost savings, improved margins and growth in adjusted earnings per share and we continue to focus on allocating capital in shareholder friendly ways. Now I will turn it over to Tom.
Thomas J. Falk: Thanks Mark and good morning everyone. I will share my perspectives on our first quarter results and then I will address our full year outlook. But before I do that some of you may know this is Mark Buthmans last conference call as CFO for Kimberly-Clark. We tried to figure this out the other day and we think he has done 49 or 50 of these earnings in a row and thats an amazing record. In fact you should know that we had a box of our fine Kleenex facial tissues sitting next to Mark on the table in case, just in case a tear appears in the corner of his eye because I know how much hes going to miss doing these. But seriously I would like to take a moment just to thank Mark for all the contributions he has made to Kimberly-Clark. He has been an outstanding Chief Financial Officer and a terrific leader and friend throughout his career. So I am pleased that Mark will be able to achieve his long-term goal of retiring later this year. Maria Henry, who is an experienced CFO, some of you may know her from her work at Hillshire brands will join Kimberly-Clark next Monday and will succeed Mark as Chief Financial Officer and Mark and Maria will work together over the balance of this year to ensure that we have a smooth transition. We are all looking forward to working with Maria as we continue to focus on creating shareholder value through our global business plan. So now let me turn back to our results and our outlook for the balance of the year. Overall we delivered very good financial results in the first quarter and we are executing well in a challenging environment. Organic sales growth in the quarter was 5% with benefits from our targeted growth initiatives from innovation and from selling price increases in some markets. As Mark just mentioned our business in developing and emerging markets had another strong quarter and it was led by our Personal Care segment.  Organic sales in diapers rose high-teens in these markets as we continued to benefit from innovation, expansion of the diaper pant and category development overall. So this business has been growing rapidly for some time and you may not know but our diaper business in developing and emerging markets is more than 1.5 times the size of our diaper business in North America. In terms of key growth markets organic sales in diapers increased 55% in Eastern Europe, 35% in China and 15% in Brazil. Huggies volumes were up nicely in all three markets and we have innovation launching in the next few quarters to drive additional growth. We've also increased selling prices in Eastern Europe and Brazil to offset some of the currency declines that have happened in those places. We're also doing well in our other Personal Care businesses in developing and emerging markets.  Organic sales in fem care were up mid-teens. That included very good performance in Latin America led by Brazil and also in China. Organic sales also increased double digits in baby wipes in our adult care business.  And K-C Professional grew organic sales high single digits in developing and emerging markets in the first quarter, also a very good performance. So overall we're delivering excellent growth in the developing and emerging markets and I expect our momentum there to continue going forward.  Turning to our developed markets business outside North America, organic sales in the quarter were even with the prior year. On the bottom line operating profit and operating margin increased significantly and that included very good results in Korea with additional progress in Western and Central Europe.  Moving to our North American consumer business, sales volumes were up nicely across a number of our brands. That included Huggies baby wipes, Poise and Depend and adult care, goodnight suit pants, Cottonelle bathroom tissue and Scott and VIVA paper towels.  On the innovation front in North America we introduced improved Huggies baby wipes, we started shipping new Poise pads and Depend briefs. And in March we began the re-launch of our mainline Huggies snug and dry diapers. This relaunch includes product upgrades, a new marketing campaign and increased promotion support and this new product should be out on the shelf in about 80% of our retail customers in North America by late April.  In K-C Professional at North America we had solid volume growth in our higher margin faster growing wiper and safety products businesses. In wash room our volumes were up low single digits, which is a step in the right direction after a softer performance last year. In terms of the bottom line, as Mark mentioned we had an excellent quarter, improving margins, our focus on profitable volume growth, raising selling prices where we can and then driving cost savings helped us overcome some pretty significant currency headwinds.  Then finally as Mark already highlighted we continue to allocate capital in shareholder friendly ways which is a key strategy of our global business plan. So all-in-all I am encouraged by our first quarter results.  Now let me move to the outlook for the full year. Our teams continue to focus on delivering their plans for the year and creating additional flexibility to further invest as appropriate. While were only one quarter of the way through the year and the environment out there remains very volatile I'm pleased with our execution so far and despite a more negative currency outlook we're well positioned to achieve our earnings commitments for the year.  On the top line we continue to target organic sales growth of 3% to 5% for 2015 and on the bottom line we continue to expect full year adjusted earnings per share in a range of $5.60 to $5.80 and while currency headwinds have increased over the last three months we have good momentum with our growth initiatives and with our cost savings programs. And the commodity cost outlook has improved slightly compared to where we were at the beginning of the year.  Our updated currency and commodity cost assumptions are included in this morning's news release, if you want to refer to those. So in summary we're off to an excellent start to the year. We continue to focus on the fundamentals that drive our long term performance and we remain optimistic about our prospects to generate attractive shareholder returns. That wraps our prepared remarks and now we will begin to take your questions. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen at this time the floor is now open for your questions. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: Hey guys, how are you. 
Thomas J. Falk: Hey Ali. 
Ali Dibadj: And Mark congratulations to you. I hope [indiscernible] joy not dealing with us any more on these calls, congratulations.
Mark A. Buthman: That's exactly, Ali absolutely.
Ali Dibadj: A couple of questions. One is, it looks like you are starting to enter this sweet spot, as we call it of commodities really being a tailwind and not having to put back a lot of that into pricing in the category, in promotions in the category. Historically you guys used to say 60% or 70% of the commodity tailwind you have to put back into the categories somehow or reinvest it. Is that what you are expecting going forward in this environment, is little bit more, is little bit less and are you yet at that run rate of reinvestment or should we continue to see an expansion in the sweet spot?
Thomas J. Falk: I think thats an interesting call. As you look around the world you are still seeing some inflation in some markets, and so as local currencies are really around places like Argentina for example or even Brazil, and so we had 10 million of deflation in the quarter which is good and we think that our guidance of 50 to 150 for the year is probably the right ballpark.  I think given that last year we had close to $250 million of inflation and didnt fully recover price on that front, I hope that prices will be a little sticky on the way down. I think the other big driver historically has been pulp, and pulp is not moving around as much as the oil-based commodities and pulp has probably driven pricing more than any of the other commodities overall.
Ali Dibadj: So sounds like you think you will be able to hold on to more than historically given whats happened over the recent history of prices?
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah, that would certainly be our goal going into it. 
Ali Dibadj: Okay, so something that you said, actually linked to another question I had which is just FX and pricing. So if you look at Personal Care, developing and emerging you say negative 20% FX plus fixed price. If you look at developed non-U.S. there is a miss match there, negative eight FX pricing little lower than that, the same thing on consumer tissues. So looks like the GAAP between the currency headwind and the pricing you are able to take in those markets has widened a little bit and want to get your perspective on that as it relates to the health of the consumer that you are seeing broadly or competition as well.
Thomas J. Falk: Its tough to get full reflection of the translation impact of currency. So if you can get the most of the transaction impact covered you are doing reasonably well and so in most of these markets we are seeing that. We are getting the transaction partially or mostly covered, but we are not covering the full translation impact.
Ali Dibadj: Okay. And then last thing on pricing in North America Personal Care and Consumer Tissue negative again, is there any risk of that becoming or is it already in this kind of irrational zone, I guess to use a heavy word or do you think this is just kind of normal competition?
Thomas J. Falk: Lot of this is really stuff that happened last year and so its preferred [ph] to being annualized. It started in second quarter, we sort of stepped up in third quarter. So its really more the comparison. I wouldnt say its gotten significantly or sequentially. You will see some pockets where there are some lower price points but overall I would say its been pretty consistent.
Ali Dibadj: Okay, thanks again and congrats again, Mark.
Mark A. Buthman: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman: Hi, good morning. 
Thomas J. Falk: Hi, Gail.
Gail Glazerman: Hi. Can you talk a little bit about your operating performance in consumer tissue, is a fair bit stronger than I would have expected, you are looking at 2% volume, 1% price decline, its not intuitive where the improvement was coming from. Can you just talk about what really drove the earnings recovery?
Mark A. Buthman: Yeah, I mean a lot of it was in the U.S. where we were plus five in volume. It was very strong quarter good execution, Cottonelle continued to do well, and some of it was in the non-measured outlets where you would see, or you wouldnt necessarily see it in the Nielsen data and then we called out kind of a VIVA Vantage launch and so good strong growth there. And typically its a strong facial tissue selling season. Facial tissue was okay, although it was being driven more by Cottonelles Scott, Bath and Viva towels.
Gail Glazerman: Okay and can you talk a little bit about the U.S. diaper market. Last quarter you kind of talked about having to step up and may be -- address some of this share loss. How do you think you are doing and when do you think you will see the full benefit and is the [indiscernible] volume decline a reflection of comp more than actions or is that a reflection of some of the actions you have taken to-date?
Mark A. Buthman: No, its probably the comps are getting little easier. We are up about a share point sequentially, but the re-launch of our main line Huggies didnt really start to roll until mid-March and it will roll through the end of April and so the better price getting on-shelf, we are getting better, better execution at store, stronger advertising claims are coming. So I think we'll have to see how that plays out over the balance of the year more than, than we saw in the first quarter. 
Gail Glazerman: Okay. And just the last question, just any comments on the U.S. consumer, any changes in behavior or buying pattern in terms of whether there is more willingness maybe to spend up on premium, purchasing in different channels, purchasing different sizes, just seeing any response to I guess improving confidence and lower gas pricing?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I wouldn't say we've seen a ton yet, as I think a lot of retailers I've talked to, have said that a lot of the lower fuel prices either been saved or has been spent inside the gas station buying an extra cup of coffee or something like that and so I wouldn't say we've seen that in category demand. So the trends have been pretty stable. It's not getting worse but it's not, we're not seeing a big shift up either at this stage.
Gail Glazerman: And are you seeing anything in the K-C Professional business, that might give you encouragement or is that pretty much more of the same?
Thomas J. Falk: I'd say, I was talking to our KCP guys recently. We just had a big meeting with lot of their U.S. distributors and they were more bullish. I mean they're seeing the continued slow steady growth in the U.S. economy, the job growth maybe it's been disappointing to some but it's been positive and pretty consistent and so they were more bullish this year, and I think last year with the top weather in the Northeast which we call out as a reason why -- partly while we were down it was still a tough winter but it wasn't as bad as it was last year. So everybody had a little bit stronger start to the year which was good. 
Gail Glazerman: Okay. Thank you. 
Thomas J. Falk: Thanks Gail. 
Mark A. Buthman: Thanks Gail. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Ferrara with Wells Fargo.
Christopher Ferrara: Hey, thanks. Guys, hey how are you?
Thomas J. Falk: Good. 
Mark A. Buthman: I'm really good, Chris. 
Christopher Ferrara: Congratulations. Gross margin, look there has been a lot of question around pricing right and obviously pricing slowed a little bit sequentially but gross margin was up pretty substantially in the quarter and when you do the math on what currency must have done to gross margins, and you look at FORCE, FORCE is good, but it wasn't a particularly extraordinary FORCE number, cost savings, restructuring savings were okay $10 million but not moving the needle, right so can you talk a little bit more about where did all of the incremental gross margin expansion come from in the quarter and how sustainable is that, right because trends, if you look at where commodities are going, where currencies going you think that you probably build on that increase. So I was hoping you could talk that through a little bit. 
Thomas J. Falk: I'll let Mark dive into the cost savings numbers, just a little bit, but essentially Chris if you think about it gross profit essentially was flat year-on-year. Sales were down 4%. So gross margin was up 180 basis points. So essentially it took cost savings, volume benefits, selling price increases all of that collectively to cancel out the translation and transaction impact on currency and so we had a great start on cost savings and maybe Mark can add a little color on where we over delivered on the $90 million. 
Mark A. Buthman: Yes, Chris, as the year progresses typically we build our cost savings program, so to start a year $90 million is really a good result coming out of the gate and it's a combination of leveraging our global sourcing organization, productivity and waste improvements and then a big contributor in the quarter was product design, which are the three typical buckets that we have. I would say the other thing is our operations are performing very well. So if you think about tissue, when we run tissue machines full I know they have low waste and high productivity. There is really good absorption. We actually don't see that element coming through in FORCE. So I would say it's just a combination of good start to the year in cost savings and just overall good operations. 
Christopher Ferrara: And I guess can we dig a little bit deeper into the state of U.S. diapers. So obviously we just had the mainline re-launch of Snug and Dry right and I guess are we seeing or will we be seeing in April the sum total of everything you're doing to get that turned and I guess how are you feeling about the brand equity there, right. How are retailers responding to it, have you gotten and have you held shelf space, have you maybe even gotten a little extra. I guess just any more detail on the prospects for that area of the business would be helpful. 
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I think a couple of things. The super-premium end of that business end of that business has grown really well and had a very strong first quarter. All of our share improvement sequentially was in the super premium and we saw great innovation, winning products out there and strong claims and saw that continue. I think on the Snug and Dry the mainline business we have a much stronger plan this year than we had last year, better product on shelf, stronger advertising claims and we have got a better retail execution plan with more distribution, more feature and display activity. And so we will watch and see how that plays out. Again we didnt lose all the share in one swoop, and so I am sure it wont all come back in one quarter, but I do expect to make steady progress and see some improvement in that business this year.
Christopher Ferrara: All right. Thanks guys.
Thomas J. Falk: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Olivia Tong with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Olivia Tong: Good morning.
Thomas J. Falk: Hey Olivia
Olivia Tong: How are you?
Thomas J. Falk: Pretty good.
Olivia Tong: All right. Congrats Mark. Best of luck, first.
Mark A. Buthman: Thank you.
Olivia Tong: And I guess first question just, you started the year at sort of a high end of the three to five range. So it sounds like you are keeping the range, at least at three to five, which you know in Q1 certainly makes sense. But can you talk to whats going on for the remainder of the year, that could potentially just result in growth decelerating from where you started the year?
Mark A. Buthman: We will get pretty good momentum, but the comps gets little tougher in the back half, as you recall we finished pretty strong in the second half of last year and so particularly in some of the emerging markets we will see that happen. While everyone is talking about the China slowdown we havent seen it yet in our business, but it is affecting some other competitors. So thats something we will watch as well. We've got aggressive product innovation plans going there.  First quarter on the volume front in places like Eastern Europe we had some big price increases that took place on April 1. So we had a little bit more volume that went in the first quarter. On the other hand we will get the benefit of those price increases in the subsequent quarters. So we still should see some organic growth a little bit more of volume in place.  So overall I would say we feel pretty optimistic and we kept the same range. As you said its early in the year and this increases the confidence that we can achieve our plan for the year and maybe even give us the opportunity to think about areas that we could reinvest to set up for an even stronger 2016. So its nice place to be at this point in the year. 
Olivia Tong: Got it, thanks. And then also you had mentioned that FORCE typically gets better as the year progresses and starting at a $90 million. If we just sort of roll back for the year that clearly suggests something quite a bit higher than just at least $300 million. So can you talk through some of the savings of the cost, I am sorry, the savings this year relative to years past and whether it just was a particularly good start to the year or there is quite a bit of potential upside to your existing FORCE target?
Thomas J. Falk: Olivia you have taken a page out of the CFO handbook. Take good performance and just annualize it and so for us we did have a good start to the year, I would say, given that the nature of the environment that we are dealing in with all the currency challenges and competitive challenges around the world, the teams really were focused on savings as a lever that we control heading into the year and we sort of decided while its a good start to the year to hold our outlook for the year, phasing should typically get better, but we started a little faster. So we will give you an update when we get to the second quarter and it feels good to start but we are going to keep delivering.
Mark A. Buthman: I think we made a really strong first quarter in the emerging markets on the cost savings front and so that was a big plus, for some places we have had big currency headwinds. Those teams are looking at price and cost savings to make sure they can try to give us cost to the US dollar [indiscernible] as they can and I think that also helped get us off to a good start. 
Olivia Tong: Does the cost savings FORCE target include the impact of currencies relative to the dollar target?
Mark A. Buthman: Yes, typically thats what we would disclose that they would aim at. In some individual markets they may have local currency targets that they aim at but at a regional level they all are measured on a dollar basis.
Olivia Tong: Understood, thanks again. I appreciate it.
Mark A. Buthman: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Thanks. Good morning. 
Thomas J. Falk: Good morning Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: I was just curious, going back to the consumer tissue profitability or I just -- I looked -- my model goes back to 1999 and there is not a quarter with 18.5% margin, so 
Mark A. Buthman: Well there is now
Lauren Lieberman: Dont know, exactly, so just curious to what degree you think youve structurally changed the profitability of that business. I understand 5% volume in North America will help a lot, but still the base was already quite good, and I guess for that question for consumer tissue, but even for the company overall, because as you pointed out its been two years of inflation, you cant even say deflation is driving this. So I am just curious your views on whether theres structural possibility the portfolio is changing it. And if so how and why?
Thomas J. Falk: Lauren I think as you know we have been -- we have really been working hard on this over the years and we did the tissue restructuring several years ago, that had us exit some businesses and close some tissue facilities. We did the European restructuring which had us exit diapers but also had us shape our tissue portfolio. So we have really been trying to focus our business in the higher margin targeted growth areas of that business and we have been making steady progress on the margin front. It feels pretty good to be here and I think the team is excited and is looking for areas where they can invest behind great brands in profitable ways to keep that momentum going.
Lauren Lieberman: Do you feel like -- is the margin profile of the emerging markets, what does that look like? I know we can see North America versus rest of world, but I am just wondering if the D&E market profitability is also a mixed benefit. 
Thomas J. Falk: In tissue specifically or broadly?
Lauren Lieberman: I guess both, since you offered it.
Thomas J. Falk: I would say that we saw a good margin performance in emerging markets as well and the developing is still lower than developed, but they are narrowing the gap and it is a pretty solid performance. So I dont know Mark if you want to add anything any other color there or you? 
Mark A. Buthman: I mean that their goal is to grow at or better than the underlying growth rate in the local market and close the margin gap overtime. So I think you just saw us making progress on the first quarter.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, and when you said that you have covered the transaction expense, with 9% FX headwinds at topline but 19 on the bottom line, I mean guessing you didnt mean just the pricing, that when you say you covered transaction you also mean by virtue of the cost savings?
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah, I would say because in many markets you have transaction impacts like in Western Europe and Australia its very difficult to get any selling price and there has been a pretty good size currency hit in markets like that. In places like Brazil and Russia and Ukraine we probably had a better opportunity to close the transaction gap, but overall a combination of cost saves, volume growth, pricing we have been able to offset the currency impact.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Thomas J. Falk: Thanks Lauren.
Operator: Our next question comes from Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Brian Doyle: Hi, this is actually Brian Doyle in for Caroline, just had a couple of questions. If you could comment on the just the share trends in the U.S. adult care overall and for the Poise brand in particular? And then the second question was if you just clarify the sales to Halyard in the release it read like you were saying that was most of the 6% segment organic growth. Is that accurate and how long does the agreement run? Thanks.
Thomas J. Falk: All right, I will take the first one and I will throw Mark the second one on Halyard. On adult care trends, we probably would say we successfully defended [indiscernible] earlier this week that they successfully launched, and so we have lost less than our fair share. If you look sequentially I think we were down about a 0.5 point overall. I think if you look year-over-year Paul, we are down what? 
Paul J. Alexander: We are down about four points. 
Thomas J. Falk: A little bit more on the Poise side, less on the Depend side. We are launching more innovation this year and are aggressively competing and promoting as is our primary competitor. And so I think private label and the other small branded player have lost more than their fair share and the -- and the category growth has picked up. So we saw solid high single digit category growth which may be a little over stated because of the amount of couponing thats out there in the marketplace, but it is still a strong performance. 
Mark A. Buthman: Yes, Brain on Halyard that 3% impact which we reported as mix and other in KCP as kind of less than half of their organic growth for this quarter. So it was an important component, but it wasnt really the underlying driver and the agreement will run for two years and I'm sure there is a small markup on that. I'm sure the Halyard teams looking for alternative supplies as quickly as they can but the agreement commitment is two years.
Brian Doyle: Great, thanks a lot. 
Thomas J. Falk: Thanks Brian
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Schmidt of Deutsche Bank. 
Russell William Schmidt: Hey good morning guys. The markets been a great run. Yes, the [indiscernible] probably on you I hope. First question is where are you getting all this extra distribution in non-scan [ph] channels because again there is a big disconnect from some of the Nielsen stuff were getting but it seems like its pretty clear and I think you will agree that youre doing very well on some of the non-track channel. So what are those channels and is that distribution gains or is it just better relative growth?
Thomas J. Falk: You are talking about any market in particular?
Russell William Schmidt: In North America, I think, the U.S. stands out the most. 
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean North America, its essentially Club is the biggest non-scan channel and we are probably underweight historically in Club and tissue products. And so thats been an area that weve been trying to crack into with Cottonelle and VIVA and Scott Tissue and things like that and so had some success in the first quarter and that enabled some of that growth. If you look more broadly, particularly in Asia e-commerce is probably by far the biggest non-track channel that were outperforming in relative to the track channels. So Korea and China in particular would be places where wed see a lot better growth in the track channel. 
Russell William Schmidt: Got you and is there like a long term sort of defense strategy against kind of what the P&G is trying to do in Russia and China, Brazil and then is there any incremental impact from some of the Japanese guys, mostly Unicharm but maybe Kao [ph] as well are probably going to start using some of the currency to get more aggressive. So what have we done so far and kind of whats the plan going forward?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean its a tough competitive market place out there Bill as youve noted and pretty much everybody wants the ER launched somewhere. So weve got strong global competitors. Weve got some strong local competitors and so we kind of have good innovation in the competitive on price and execute well everyday to keep it going, and so we see that with some other things that Procter is doing on diaper pants that wed also would say Unicharm and Kao in many ways have still the best performing products that we benchmark against and so were up against those guys in lots of different places and I'm really proud of the way the teams have executed and got better performing products with good execution in market. 
Mark A. Buthman: And I would say Bill that our categories are largely local. Our stuff doesnt ship long distances. So you might get some currency change like on commodity inputs and things but largely the battle is fought locally and I think with our model were set up to do that as well as anybody. 
Russell William Schmidt: Okay, this makes sense and then just -- whats my last one, oh, China. Can you just disaggregate, its impossible to figure out what is like the real comp store sales growth and how much of it is distribution expense and I think you are going to add another ten cities this year plus or minus, so is there any way to kind of look at that massive growth and separate between the two?
Thomas J. Falk: Its tough. I think if you look sequentially I think our city counts didnt change much if you look versus the first quarter last year its 105 versus 90 last year. But Ill also tell you e-com probably was the bigger growth factor than the city count change and so some of that is category penetration or channel growth thats helping those consumers get products in a different way but Mark was just in China about a month ago, so hes probably got more relevant snapshot of what you saw when you were over there so maybe you can give us some local color.
Mark A. Buthman: Yes, I would say Bill to that the market is still growing at very healthy rates. I mean its down from where it was but our team still is very excited and executing well in bricks and mortar but e-com is the only place where they have -- weve invested a lot and were over indexed. And as Tom said thats probably the place where we have driven more of the relative share gains. I think the category is still growing at high single to low double-digit. 
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, double-digits this year. 
Mark A. Buthman: Yes, so were growing at a multiple of that and city expansion is a piece of it but I would say e-com and channel expansions the bigger component. 
Russell William Schmidt: Got you. Just a brief follow up to go, do you guys co-locate in China like some folks do in the U.S. with the e-commerce players. So I mean are they sharing the distribution space with your manufacturing?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, our China team is working with our e-com customers to figure out and cost out the whole supply chain. So weve done some of that in larger cities as well.
Russell William Schmidt: Great, thanks guys, I appreciate it.
Thomas J. Falk: Thanks, Bill.
Operator: Our next question comes from Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante: Hi, good morning everyone. My questions had to with the SG&A line item that were much lower work than a year ago. My calculation is $48 million down. Is that something that has to do with savings or is it has to do with market expanding because you are -- its an issue of timing ahead of their re-launch of the Huggies Snug and Dry diapers and then I have a couple of follow-ups?
Thomas J. Falk: Our marketing, the SG&A overall, the top line I mean on advertising spend standpoint we were down 10 basis points versus as a percent of sales, versus prior year but it was basically 10 balance sheet higher than the average of advertising spend for the full year of last year. So it was in the ball park of what we would expect around 4% of sales. On the SG&A probably had a little bit of currency benefit that would affect it but maybe Marks got some additional color on that.
Mark A. Buthman: Yeah, no, Javier, I think currency when you look at the absolute dollars, currency is a big, a big shift. We obviously, if you look at the difference between gross margin and operating margin we have got some between the lines efficiencies that the business are driven but currencys probably the biggest impact.
Javier Escalante: And when you can see the launch of the Huggies diapers, is that because we already have data through mid-April and sales are down 6% in direct channels. So if there is timing issue with regards to again marketing spending that you are doing on shelf because this is the weakest quarterly, I mean monthly data that we have seen for you guys in a long time.
Thomas J. Falk: I guess Id say we have been getting the distribution started in mid-March and we should be in about 80% of channels by late April and thats really when you will start to turn on more of that marketing effort at that point of time. We are probably seeing a little bit better consumption data then I would say, you are quoting from the data that you are seeing but it is still early days on the re-launch at this point.
Javier Escalante: And finally what drove the 55% growth in Eastern Europe, and how to think about that?
Thomas J. Falk: Two factors, I mean yeah, I would say two-thirds of it was, or 25% of it was volume and the balance, the 30% of it was price. So some big price increases. Some of the volume was buying ahead of an April 1 price increase but I think if you talk to that team its a double-digit volume growth in Eastern Europe, is the right way to think about what they are aiming at for the year and then they attempting to get as much prices they can to offset the currency impact.
Javier Escalante: In the second quarter we should expect emerging markets to decelerate then?
Thomas J. Falk: Eastern Europe you would see less volume growth but we will get the benefit of the price increase that went in. So I wouldnt necessarily assume that you will see a big deceleration.
Javier Escalante: But is 55 the right number, is it 20 or 15 for Eastern Europe?
Thomas J. Falk: 55 is probably higher than you typically expect to see going forward. So you will see some deceleration on Eastern Europe overall, but I think emerging markets should still have another strong quarter.
Javier Escalante: Thank you.
Thomas J. Falk: Thanks, Javier.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Faucher with JPMorgan. 
John Faucher: Yes, thanks. Mark congratulations and I wanted to sort of go back to the CFO playbook you mentioned because this is something -- a comment that comes up multiple times on calls which is if the productivity is heavier towards the end of the year why dont we see that end of the year productivity carry over in the first-half. So you guys are alone in terms of saying that but it seems that it sort of good sustainable cost saves and I am not trying to question them. It just seems like that would end up sort of rolling over.  And then my main question goes back to some of the comments about female incontinence and the category growth accelerating here and I guess sort of I understand that there is some couponing which is probably leading to some pantry loading, but I guess how long do you know sort of how big this category can be?  You do hear that when you get a new product launch from a big competitor that can make the category bigger and I look at some of the advertising you guys have out and looks like you are encouraging some switching in terms of Poise. Can you talk about sort of A, how big the category can be? And B you know how do you feel about categories switching out fem care into incontinence. How does that work for you guys from an economic standpoint? Thanks.
Thomas J. Falk: Let me take the cost savings one first. John, I think its how the math works and little bit of programming. So typically we will work out an annual budget cycle and the teams are focused on kind of annual incremental programs and you are exactly right. The programs that we had in place last year dont stop. They are delivering but we also launch and think creatively about new programs to kind of help us hit our near-term target and I think its just a matter of the phasing as we go to those. The underlying programs sort of roll in to your base and then you are looking to build on top of that as we go.  So you look at cumulative cost savings overtime, thats a pretty big number, but they build on each other overtime. And its just kind of the way the planning process goes and how the businesses behave.
Mark A. Buthman: Switching to Adult care, we know for a long time that a lot of women that have white water leakage issues, and one in three women at some point in their life experience white water leakage, that they have used fem care as a solution and so given that we have a much larger share with our Poise brand in that space than we do in fem care we would love to shift into that space as a better solution and its a place where we are going to get more than our fair share of those new consumers.  And so you are seeing a little bit of that, of the growth and Poise has been a bit of a decline in the Fem Care category and overall we should benefit from that and consumers will get a better solution for the issues that they are trying to treat.
John Faucher: Okay, thanks.
Thomas J. Falk: Thanks, John.
Operator: At this time we have no further questioners in the queue.
Paul J. Alexander: All right. We thank everyone for the questions. And I will turn the call back to Tom.
Thomas J. Falk: So usually I get the last word on these calls, but since this is Marks last call I am going to throw it to Mark and let Mark have the last word today.
Mark A. Buthman: Well, I am just grateful to work for Kimberly-Clark. I have a cold today. So I have the worlds softest facial tissue right at hand and also have anti-viral, so I dont transmit my germs to my fellow conference call mates. I have had a good fortune that to build a career at a great company like Kimberly-Clark and work with great leaders like Tom, who always got the best out of me, work with great people like our investors, our Board of Directors, the leadership team that Tom has, my leadership team and its been a very good one.  I am really proud of what we have accomplished but I am also optimistic about the future. Tom has made a great selection for my successor. Maria is fantastic and she is going to see opportunities that quite frankly being around for long time, I just didnt see. And so I am optimistic about the future and committed to helping Maria and the new GSLT [ph] get started up. So thanks for your support and thanks as always for your support of Kimberly-Clark.
Thomas J. Falk: Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes todays presentation. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time and thank you for joining us.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas Falk - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Mark Buthman - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Paul Alexander - Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein Chris Ferrara - Wells Fargo Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bill Schmidt - Deutsche Bank Gail Glazerman - UBS John Faucher - JP Morgan Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Erin Lash - Morningstar Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research Pat Trucchio - BMO Capital Markets Caroline Levy - CLSA
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience in holding, and we now have your presenters in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of todays presentation, we will open the floor for your questions. At that time, instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow if you would like to ask an audio question. It is now my pleasure to introduce todays first presenter, Mr. Paul Alexander.
Paul Alexander: Thank you and good morning everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clarks year-end earnings conference call. Here with me today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO; and Mike Azbell, Vice President and Controller.  Now here is the agenda for the call. Mark will begin with a review of our 2014 results, focusing mostly on the full year. Tom will then provide his perspectives on our results and then address the [indiscernible], and well finish with Q&A. As usual, we have a presentation of todays materials in the Investors section of our website. That presentation and this mornings news release both include our detailed planning assumptions for 2015. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. Well also be referring to adjusted results and outlook. Both exclude certain items described in this mornings news release. The release has further information on these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. And now Ill turn it over to Mark.
Mark Buthman: Thanks, Paul. Good morning. Lets start with the headlines for the year. First, we generated mid-single digit growth in organic sales and adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations. Second, we improved our margins, boosted by significant cost savings; and third, we delivered another strong performance managing our balance sheet. Now lets cover the details of our results. Fourth quarter sales were $4.8 billion, down one point versus prior year. That brought full-year sales to $19.7 billion, up one point compared to 2013. If we exclude currency and restructuring impacts, our organic sales were up 3% for the quarter and 4% for the full year. Our momentum in KC International continues to be strong as organic sales were up 7% in the fourth quarter and 10% for the full year. Fourth quarter adjusted gross margin was 33.9% with the full year at 34.3% - thats up 20 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted operating margin was 15.9% in the fourth quarter, 16.1% for the full year - thats up 70 basis points compared to the prior year. I was really encouraged to see our operating margins up in North America, in Europe, and in KC International.  We delivered $320 million of force cost savings in 2014. Thats the second-highest amount weve ever achieved. We expect another strong year in 2015 with a savings target of at least $300 million for the year. In addition, we expect to deliver $60 million to $80 million in savings from our 2014 organizational restructuring program. We absorbed $240 million of input cost inflation in 2014. Currencies were also a drag on earnings. Translation was a $75 million negative and transaction effects were also unfavorable. Equity income was down 29% in 2014, and thats well below our original plan for the year. That was driven by performance in KC de Mexico, which continues to face challenging economic and competitive conditions in Mexico. Because the Mexican peso has depreciated significantly over the last few months, we now expect that equity income will be down somewhat year-on-year in 2015.  Fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations were $1.35, bringing the full year to $5.51. Thats up 5% year-on-year. That growth is consistent with the 4% to 7% target we set at the beginning of 2014.  Our overall capital management was strong in 2014 as well. We continue to allocate capital in shareholder-friendly ways. Cash from operations was healthy at $2.8 billion, although we were down somewhat year-on-year. Comparisons were impacted by higher tax payments and transaction costs related to our spin-off of the healthcare business. We reduced primary working capital in 2014 with a seven-day improvement in our cash conversion cycle. Return on invested capital improved nicely, climbing 160 basis points to 19.1% for the year. We returned $3.3 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends in 2014, and for 2015 we expect to repurchase $800 million to $1 billion of KMB stock. Regarding the dividend, we expect a mid-single digit increase this year, consistent with our growth and adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations in 2014.  So now let me briefly recap segment results for the year. In personal care, organic sales rose 6%, continuing our track record of delivering strong growth in this segment. Full-year operating margins were solid at 18.7% - thats an increase of 90 basis points. Moving to consumer tissue, organic sales were up 2%. Operating margins of 16% were up 110 basis points, driven by cost savings and higher net selling prices. Lastly, KC Professional organic sales increased 4%, operating margins were a healthy 17.8%, although they were down slightly year-on-year.  Now I want to cover two additional topics, and Ill start with Venezuela. As youd expect, weve been closely monitoring events and conditions in the country for some time. Given the increased uncertainty and inconsistent liquidity, at the end of the year we decided to move from measuring results at the official exchange rate of 6.3 bolivars per U.S. dollar to using the government SICAD II floating exchange rate. The SICAD II rate has been trading at about 50 bolivars per dollar recently. As a result of this change, we re-measured our year-end balance sheet in Venezuela at the SICAD II rate with a resulting charge to earnings of $462 million. Looking ahead for 2015, using the SICAD II rate to translate results in Venezuela will reduce total company sales by about 3% and adjusted operating profit by about 4%.  Now to wrap up, starting next quarter well be making a small change in how we talk about our businesses outside of North America. As you know, weve spent the last year bringing our European operations together with our KC International organization. That integration is right on track, and as a result starting next quarter, well describe our businesses outside of North America in two groups: developing and emerging markets, and developed markets, and that will replace KC International in Europe. Developing and emerging markets will comprise Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa, Latin America and Asia Pacific, and will exclude Australia and South Korea. Developed markets will consist of western and central Europe, Australia and South Korea.  So for some perspective, in 2014 our D&E markets business represented 33% of our company sales, 30% if you take into account the currency rate change in Venezuela. The business generated organic sales growth of 11%, excluding Venezuela, and improved operating margins year-on-year. We expect high single digit to low double digit organic growth in 2015 for our developing and emerging markets business. Our developed markets business was approximately 21% of company sales in 2014. Organic sales were up 1% with healthy and improving operating margins. That wraps up my comments, and Ill turn it over to Tom.
Thomas Falk: Thanks Mark, and good morning everyone. Ill share my perspective on our full-year 2014 results, and then Ill address our outlook for 2015. So lets start with 2014. We delivered on our financial commitments while making strategic changes to further improve our company. As Mark just mentioned, our organic sales grew 4% in 2014, and that was right in line with our long-term target. KC International had another great year, including excellent progress with our key growth initiatives. For example, in our diaper business in KCI, organic sales were up 25% in Eastern Europe, 25% in China, and 10% in Brazil. We continue to benefit from innovation in these markets, and in China Huggies diapers are now sold in 105 cities, and thats up from just 90 cities at the end of 2013. Were targeting to be in 115 cities by the end of this year. Our feminine care organic sales rose as a double-digit rate in KC International. We continue to grow our brands and launch innovations in this category around the world. Our adult care organic sales were also up double digits in KCI, and baby wipes rose high single digits.  Elsewhere in KC International, our KC Professional sales, organic sales were up double digits. This is now a billion-dollar business for us with attractive margins, so well be making additional investments in this part of our portfolio to drive further growth in the future.  Moving to our North American consumer business, we generated solid sales growth and launched innovations on several brands in 2014. That included Viva towels, Goodnites youth pants, Huggies baby wipes, and our Poise and Depend adult care brands. Our North American market shares were up or even with the prior year in six of the eight categories that we track. One of our businesses had a soft year in North America, and that was mainline Huggies diapers. To improve our performance in 2015, we will be making investments in innovation, marketing and relative value to key competition. Turning to KC Professional in North America, we delivered high single digit volume growth in safety products while volumes were down in washroom. We have made some investments to be more competitive in this category, and with better execution and an improving U.S. economy we expect to drive more growth in this business in 2015.  Marks already highlighted how we continue to manage our company with financial discipline, so Ill just add that Im pleased with our cost savings, our margin improvement and our cash returns to shareholders during the year. Im also pleased that we delivered on our bottom line growth target in a challenging environment. We also made some important strategic changes to the business this past year. We successfully executed the spin-off of our healthcare business, and thats allowed both Kimberly-Clark and Halyard Health to further increase focus on their own strategies. We initiated our 2014 organization restructuring. This will help us improve our efficiency, will offset the impact of stranded overhead costs from the spin-off, and will increase our flexibility to invest in future growth. We expect to make significant progress with this program in 2015.  We also completed our European strategic changes initiative and we are realizing the benefits we expected. Over the past two years, our European consumer business has increased operating profit by 10% and improved operating margin by 300 basis points, and were growing volumes in our high margin childcare and baby wipes businesses. So all in all, Im encouraged with our accomplishments in 2014 and our teams are focused on driving further improvements going forward. Now lets move to our outlook for 2015. The environment has become significantly more volatile recently, particularly with currency rates and commodity cost, so planning in this environment has become much more dynamic. Regardless, our teams continue to focus on our global business plan strategies and the fundamentals that create long-term shareholder value. In 2015, well leverage our brands, our growth initiatives, our innovations and marketing investments to drive organic sales growth. Well deliver healthy levels of cost savings to improve our margins and fund reinvestments in the business, and well generate strong cash flow, improve our return on invested capital, and allocate capital in shareholder-friendly ways. In terms of our specific 2015 targets, on the top line we expect organic sales growth of 3% to 5%. Well continue to focus on driving rapid growth in personal care and KC Professional and developing in emerging markets. We will launch innovations throughout our businesses. Near-term activity in North America will include upgrades on Huggies diapers, Huggies baby wipes, and in our adult care business. Internationally, well introduce new or improved products across a number of categories. To support our innovations and growth initiatives, our advertising spending should be up somewhat as a percent of sales.  On the bottom line, were targeting adjusted earnings per share in the range of $5.60 to $5.80. Thats up 2% to 5% compared to adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations in 2014. Similar to this past year, we expect that earnings in 2015 will be higher in the second half of the year as compared to the first half of the year. Like other multinational companies, were facing significant currency headwinds. Including the rate change in Venezuela, we expect that translation effects will reduce our sales by 8% to 9% and reduce earnings by 9% to 10%. Adding in transaction effects, currency is likely to hurt our bottom line by more than 15% in 2015.  On the commodity front, the outlook has improved some in the past three months, but at this point we are not planning for a big commodity windfall. Oil-based costs have started to fall recently, but not nearly as much as the drop in oil prices. We expect pulp costs, including secondary fiber, to be similar to last year or even up slightly. Were also assuming that local inflation will continue in some of our international markets. Adding it all up, our plan assumes cost deflation in 2015 of zero to $150 million. At the midpoint, thats only a two point benefit to the bottom line, so the primary ways that well offset currency headwinds will be by raising selling prices where we can, delivering cost savings, and controlling our overhead spending.  We will continue to focus on cash generation and capital allocation in 2015. Cash provided by operations should be similar to 2014 or perhaps up somewhat, despite the lost cash flow from the spun-off healthcare business. We expect to allocate at least $2.1 billion to dividends and share repurchases in 2015. That represents a cash return of about 5%, based on our current market capitalization.  So in summary, we delivered on our growth targets in 2014 while making strategic changes to improve our company. We continue to focus on the fundamentals that drive our long-term performance and we remain optimistic about our prospects to generate attractive shareholder returns.  That wraps up our prepared remarks, and now well begin to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: Hi. A few questions for you. One, I wanted to dig a little bit deeper into North American consumer tissue, given the price mix was down quite a bit. I get that youre rolling off the sheeting, I get that there is competitors in the marketplace, Georgia Pacific in particular that was aggressive. But can you tell us a little bit of how you think it should go forward? You said pricing actions. I wanted to get a sense of what you think that should look like going forward, and if you can give us any more detail if it is a capacity issue - I know weve all heard about [indiscernible] capacity coming online, if theres anything around that that you think is more sustainable from a pressure downwards. 
Thomas Falk: Yes, I guess the way Id look at this, Ali, is probably the fourth quarter was more of a year-on-year impact than timing of promotions. If you looked at it sequentially, Id say tissue pricing in the market was pretty similar third quarter to fourth quarter; and again, we wouldnt see a big swing going forward, so Id say second half was a little bit more competitive than first half, but pulp prices have been pretty stable and arent moving around very much, so theres not a lot of driver for competitive pricing at this point in time.
Ali Dibadj: Okay, so the capacity issue is not an issue, it sounds like, so no change there?
Thomas Falk: I mean, I think industry operating rates are still hovering around 90%, so that may be down a tick. As we look at the industry capacity increase in 2015, it looks like theres maybe net 1% additional capacity coming online. Thats pretty much what the market grows every year, so there is not a huge imbalance at this point in time. So Id say were cautiously optimistic about how that will play out.
Ali Dibadj: Okay, two other ones, one on Venezuela. Just wanted to get a sense of whats changed over the past several months that makes you change the way youre accounting for it, and moreover as we look at it going forward, how much historically, w whether it be between consumer tissue or personal care, you are benefiting from price mix from Venezuela that affects KCI, and we see good price mix in Latin America, for example, for PC, how much of that was Venezuela and how we should expect that going forward. So whats different and then kind of going forward on the Venezuela pulling out from a price perspective.
Thomas Falk: Yes, you know, I think its something that Mark and I have been spending a lot of time watching and working with Elane Stock and the KC International team to kind of monitor whats going on on the ground in Venezuela. Really if you look at what happened with the oil price shock and that economy is so dependent on oil, we really expected probably some other deflation or devaluation action to happen, and we got to the end of the year and felt like it was the right thing to do, to move to a rate that was maybe more reflective of economic reality on the ground. Were still getting foreign exchange at the 6-3 rate, but translating in our U.S. dollar results felt like we should use a rate that was a little closer to the economic reality, so something that we spent a lot of time thinking about and talking about in the fourth quarter. But the drop in oil prices certainly made a difference.  Its also a key that we--you know, as we said in the last call, that weve kept our U.S. dollar exposure there, and so we started to take some down time in the country due to lack of foreign exchange, and that also was a factor in our decision.  In terms of the impact on Venezuela, its been about a one point tailwind to KCI growth if you look at it in total, or if you took Venezuela out of the KCI growth rate, itd probably drop by about a point, if that makes sense.
Ali Dibadj: It does help. So last question, and its something I asked a little while ago, a few years ago actually, and I just want to revisit it and get your point of view again, which is 2014, dividend plus repurchase was $3.3 billion, which was very impressive. But yet again, that was higher than your free cash flow, as it has been for the past several years, and it sounds like back of the envelope it will probably be the same type of return to shareholders higher than your free cash flow in 2015 as well. I want to get a sense of how you think about that, especially as you describe in a more volatile environment, and whether its sustainable.
Thomas Falk: Yes, thats a good question. In 2014, basically the difference was the Halyard dividend, and so as part of the spin, we pulled the Halyard dividend out, so that boosted us up to the top end. But Mark, maybe you want to give a little bit more color on 2015 and how youre thinking about that.
Mark Buthman: Yes Ali, I think its a fair assessment. As the company grows, weve grown our balance sheet a little bit in line, but our target is to be a solid single-A credit. Heading into the year, we expect free cash flow to equal dividends and share repurchases. This year coming into the year, our outlook was to increase debt just a little bit associated with the healthcare spin, and we felt we had a little bit of capacity. But theres nothing changed about our target to be a solid single-A, and we watch those metrics pretty closely.
Ali Dibadj: Okay, thanks for all the answers. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Ferrara with Wells Fargo.
Chris Ferrara: Thanks guys. Good morning. So I guess youre looking for one to two points of pricing in 15. You did about two in 14. I guess Id like to get a sense of your confidence level that youll be able to take incremental pricing, especially in light of where crude is sitting, from a competitive standpoint, and how much of that maybe is follow-through pricing that youve already taken, like how much is incremental pricing in 15.
Thomas Falk: Yes, good question. So a fair amount of it is follow-through, and its not going to be broadly based, so its going to be targeted in key markets. Where youve seen big currency moves, like Russia, Argentina, youll see a disproportionate amount of pricing in markets like that. If you see a market like Australia where youve had currency weakness, or the euro zone where youve seen currency weakness, it will be much tougher to get pricing in those markets, and I think the commodity factor that you mentioned as well will make it more difficult. But in a market like Russia, you could see double-digit, mid-teens kinds of pricing in Russia and Eastern Europe, just because of the shock that youve seen to currencies in those markets.
Chris Ferrara: I guess more specifically, I think in the personal care KCI blurb in the press release, you talked about Brazil volume being down there, and relating it to pricing. Is that the risk--I mean, volume fell off pretty markedly, I guess, in KCI without a lot of incremental pricing relative to last quarter. Could you talk about that risk a little bit?
Thomas Falk: Yes, I mean, Brazil we took some pricing on November 1, and so we had a little bit of a late third quarter, early fourth quarter buy-in ahead of that, so it was a little softer in the end of the quarter as a result of that. We were probably--year-over-year, our promotional timing was not quite as heavily back end-loaded, so Id say overall we felt pretty good about our volume in Brazil being up double digits in diapers for the year. Weve got great momentum and innovation coming, and Im expecting them to have a very solid year in 2015.
Chris Ferrara: Thanks. Just lastly, real quick, the mainline Huggies diapers, obviously thats where youve been losing share. You commented on it, and one of the things you noted, I guess, was adjusting relative value to key customers or versus competition. Could you talk about how big a piece price will be to what you end up doing in mainline diapers, and what kind of timeframe you expect that at?
Thomas Falk: Yes, I think value, as you know Chris, is a combination of performance and price, so well make sure that were competitive in our promotion calendar, that weve got the right amount of display activity, that were executing it well at retail. So I wouldnt expect anything major from a list price standpoint; its really more of just making sure were executing and more competitive with at least our fair share of display activities at competitive prices in-store, and then well have some product news as well coming with some mainline improvements in late first quarter and additional improvements coming during the year, just to make sure we get off to a better start and have a much better year on Huggies in 2015.
Chris Ferrara: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Olivia Tong with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Olivia Tong: Great, thanks. Appreciate it. On commodities, most of your assumptions are ahead of where current spot rates and external estimates are. Broadly speaking, I understand that many forecasters guess that prices will stabilize higher for oil, but can you give more color on your other forecasts, including pulp, and also what youre thinking in terms of resin?
Thomas Falk: Yes, from a pulp standpoint and secondary fiber, its looking fairly stable in the outlook. I mean, they see some--weve actually in recent weeks seen eucalyptus going up a little bit and northern softwood coming down a little bit, secondary fiber has been pretty firm - its maybe trended down just a bit, but our outlook for both of those is to be pretty stable during the year. They dont seem to be affected as much by some of the big currency moves maybe as they have been in the past, and the underlying supply-demand balance has been fairly stable and even tight in some grades of pulp, and in some markets for secondary fiber. So on the polymer side, we would say that over time it generally follows oil. It seems to be a little slower at this point in time, and theres been some supply constraints on polypropylene, which we use a lot of, that has held pricing up a little bit more than maybe you would expect. That ones been the toughest one to forecast, and there arent as many good forecasting services out there for that. There is a little bit of a forward market, but its not that reliable and not that heavily traded. So wed expect us to get some benefit on that zero to 150 million of cost deflation, and polymer is a pretty good chunk of that, but thats the harder one to call for the year, probably.
Olivia Tong: How have your discussions with retailers gone, particularly in the U.S., given what has happened with prices at the pump?
Thomas Falk: Well with the fourth quarter, we still had $55 million of cost inflation in our quarter, so we still had polymer and other materials going up $30 million, pulp was still up $15 million, distribution costs, unrelated to fuel surcharges, but just rates were up $15 million. So we havent had any deflation yet to talk about, so I think at this point theyre all watching it closely but it hasnt been that noisy at this stage.
Mark Buthman: The other perspective Id add, Olivia, is that as inflation has been moderate for the last few years, we really havent recouped that on the way up, so that may help us if costs go down a little bit in 2015. 
Olivia Tong: Got it, thanks. Just if I could follow up with one quick question on the organic sales, you guys give that by key emerging markets. You gave for the full year, but can you give it to us for Q4?
Mark Buthman: Yes, are you referring to the diaper business, Olivia?
Olivia Tong: Right, diapers - Brazil, Eastern Europe - exactly.
Mark Buthman: Yes, so China was up almost 30% in the fourth quarter in diapers, Eastern Europe was up about 25%, and Brazil was down slightly due to the pricing action Tom described.
Olivia Tong: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Schmidt with Deutsche Bank.
Bill Schmidt: Hey guys, good morning. Just had a few questions. So was there any pre-buy ahead of all these price increases, especially in Eastern Europe and Russia, that might have impacted things a little bit on the volume side in the quarter?
Thomas Falk: Not so much in Eastern Europe, and some of their pricing--theyve been getting pricing all year, and theres some more going in in the first quarter. As we talked about in Brazil, there was some forward buy that probably boosted late third quarter, very early fourth quarter, and then it was a little lighter in November and December in Brazil.
Bill Schmidt: Okay, thanks. Then did you exit Italy, because I didnt see a press release, but I looked at some of the Nielsen data and it looks like volumes there are down 30, 40%.
Thomas Falk: No, were still selling in Italy in diapers and in tissue, so. I havent seen that in the Nielsen data. Id say our business was a little softer in the fourth quarter, but it wasnt to that extent. 
Bill Schmidt: Okay, and then as I look at the raw material guidance, the zero to $150 million, you kind of look at the different pieces, maybe Ill just confirm some of the assumptions. But I thought that every dollar move in oil was $6 million to EBIT, and then you gave us the other assumptions on polypropylene and super-absorbers, and the numbers Im getting to are significantly higher than your zero to $150 million, so Im just trying to figure out where Im wrong.
Mark Buthman: Yes, those are the rules of thumb weve given. Those rules of thumb arent working right at the moment, so I think eventually theyll probably work, but its going to take a little longer for it to flow through the pipe at this point in time. So yeah, you would expect that over time if oil stays at this level for an extended period of time, that youll see more of that flow through, but its not going to happen at this point in the first half. We may get a little bit more as the year progresses - well see, but at this point based on what we know, were not calling for that windfall to flow through at the same level as our traditional rules of thumb would have indicated.
Bill Schmidt: Yes, the reason I bring it up is that if oil really is--just oil alone is $6 million per dollar move, that alone should be $225 million next year, right?
Mark Buthman: If you got it all in one year, but its got to flow through adhesives and packaging materials, and thats just taking a little longer at this point in time. Weve seen nowhere near that kind of drop-off in the cost of polymer at this point. Its come down modestly, and as we said, in the fourth quarter we still had inflation in those material areas so we didnt see any benefit yet at this stage.
Bill Schmidt: Okay. Not to keep belaboring this, but oil is exclusive to the polypropylene and the natural gas, right, so oil is the $6 million and then its the different buys also in the different raw materials - is that correct? So Im not double counting in terms of the $6 million, right?
Mark Buthman: The oil--the rule of thumb that weve given you was intended to kind of roughly cover all of our oil-based materials. We dont have that much direct oil exposure at all.
Bill Schmidt: Okay, all right. That makes sense. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman: Hi, good morning. Could we go back to the North American diaper situation? Your volumes have been pretty weak for a while. Have you started to take any of the actions that youre talking about, and as you think of your plan for 2015, how concerned are you that with a potential deflationary environment, the competitive environment is only going to get worse?
Thomas Falk: Id say thats started, to take some of the competitive action, yet; but it takes a lot longer to effect retail or promotion plans, so much of that work was started in 14 and will play out in 15. So a little bit better in late fourth quarter, but it didnt show up much in the numbers. We know its a competitive environment out there. It has been, and were going to be competing harder and weve anticipated that there will be some competitive response in our outlook.
Gail Glazerman: Okay. Can you talk a little bit about what youre seeing in private label? Obviously Amazon made some noise earlier this week, as well as a few weeks ago. Are you seeing any incremental or less pressure there?
Thomas Falk: I would say the Amazon thing was kind of here and gone fairly quickly, so that one didnt have much of an impact in the marketplace. It probably generated more media interest than consumer interest, I would say. Private label shares didnt do much this year, so youre seeing more of the activity probably has been with Luvs and the value segment has been where more of the action has been this year in terms of share growth.
Gail Glazerman: All right. Can you talk a little bit about North American [inco], just kind of your latest thoughts on how Procters return to the market is playing out?
Thomas Falk: Yes, I think theyve done pretty well on the light end, the part that would compete with Poise. Theyve probably--I think theyve picked up seven share points. Id say weve lost our fair share, but have defended pretty effectively in terms of promotion; and the category has grown a little bit, so our volume actually was flat overall in the quarter, despite a big competitive launch. Weve done better on the Depend end of the spectrum where we really havent lost any share and have done well in that segment of it. Weve got more innovation coming in that space and feel pretty good about our business around the world. As we noted, weve had double-digit growth in adult care globally as well, so its an exciting category, on trend, and were going to keep driving hard to get at least our fair share of the growth there. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Faucher from JP Morgan.
John Faucher: Good morning. Just want to talk a little bit about the view on the promotional environment. This came up a little bit, but right now, given how the competitive environment is looking, the balance between marketing spend and trade promotion, do you feel like youre in the right situation there, and have you seen any risk of any of the competitors maybe tilting a little bit more towards promotion in advance of some of the raw material benefits flowing through? Then also, can you just talk a little bit about some of the timing of some of your innovation in terms of how we should see that playing out over the course of the year? Thanks.
Thomas Falk: Sure. On the trade versus strategic, I think its a little early at this point in time because there hasnt been much deflation thats made it into anybodys P&L yet. On the tissue side, you certainly havent seen pulp costs come down significantly, if at all, so thats not really driving anything there. Youre not seeing it really either on the personal care side that would be driven by oil particularly, so its not a factor at this stage and we feel pretty good about our mix of marketing spend going into 2015. Were trying to make sure we can drive even better performance off the trade money that we spend, so wed love to drive more volume for the same investment by executing it better at retail and coming up with the right strategic price points, the right kinds of display activity that tie into the things that retailers are supportive of, so we want to get better at that around the world where we can. So I think from an innovation standpoint, youll see some of the diaper stuff happen in first quarter. Theres some adult care activity thats happening in the first half as well, so pretty strong calendar around the world, but quite a few things getting started already early in the year.
John Faucher: Great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Thanks, good morning. Can you talk a little bit about the competitive environment in diaper pants? I know thats been a place where in emerging markets, you seem to be a bit ahead of the game, but Procter talked about launching a new and improved in the second half of the year, so just curious if you see any change in dynamics in that category in terms of share, or even a deceleration in the diaper pants segment as the economies in emerging markets have been a bit tougher. Thanks.
Thomas Falk: Yes, thats been a pretty exciting business around the world, and really weve been a strong player but also Unicharm and Kao, two Japanese competitors--you know, in Japan diaper pants are the majority of the diaper category, and theyve got terrific products, so weve been competing with them for some time. We have been launching diaper pants pretty aggressively around the world, and Procter has recently kind of entered that part of the category both in China and Russia, and a few other places - Brazil, so theres a lot going on there. Its really a strong source of category growth everywhere. Not seeing it slow down at this point in time. I think it will be interesting to see what happens in markets like Russia with the economic activity thats playing out there, but at this point it didnt seem to slow anything down significantly in the fourth quarter, so well watch that one closely going forward.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Also just on Russia, you talked about mid-teens kind of pricing but still had really strong volume. Are you anticipating that volume decelerates because of the pricing, or do you think the consumer is going to be able to bear the pricing?
Thomas Falk: This is a bit of uncharted territory. If Russia and some of the other eastern European economies decline by mid-single digits, which is what some of the forecasters say, well see how that plays out in terms of consumer purchasing power. At this point, our momentum looks pretty good. Our team over there is pretty motivated, and while the size of the P&L is going to wiggle around with the exchange rates, they are really focused on improving the shape of the P&L and making sure they take market share, they drive their innovation hard, theyre improving their margins, trying to get pricing where they can, and come out of it with a much stronger market position as the crisis starts to move forward.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. Then just finally on KC Professional and kind of the cyclical exposure to an improving U.S economy, in your comments it sounded a little bit like there is some investment in price necessary, so can you talk about in what segments of business that might be, and has that been holding the business back thus far?
Thomas Falk: Its probably typically been to hold some lower tier volume, where weve had to make some price investments to make sure we were competitive, so thats probably one soft spot. Were trying to not chase low margin business, but there are some strategic pieces of business that you have a fuller range of products in that you might be more competitive on washroom, if youve got their safety and wiper business. But broadly, secondary fiber prices actually have continued to go up, so there have been some industry price increases still in that market as well, so thats offsetting the kind of price drag to be competitive in some markets with some customers as well.  But overall, we think that KCP, and weve talked to our distributors, theyre looking to have a better 2015 as the U.S. economy continues to recover and employment levels are pretty good, so theyre a little bit more bullish than they were a year ago.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erin Lash from Morningstar.
Erin Lash: Thank you for taking my question. A lot of my questions have been answered at this point, but I was wondering - and you kind of alluded to this a little bit earlier - but I was wondering with regards to just the logistics and transportation costs, if you could talk to whether the degree to which truck driver shortages is impacting you to any meaningful degree and offsetting some of that benefit that you might otherwise see from the decline in oil prices.
Thomas Falk: Yes, as we talked in the quarter, of our $55 million in cost inflation, $15 million was in distribution, and virtually all of that was rate increases related to driver availability. So that has been a big problem for the industry overall, and its actually caused us some customer service issues in some of our businesses for periods of time where there was an inability to get trucks in certain lanes. So thats something that well continue to watch, but that certainly was a bigger drag than any benefit we got from lower diesel prices in the quarter.
Erin Lash: Got it, thank you. Thats very helpful. I was wondering if you could just speak to just across your channel exposure, if there is any opportunity to further penetrate other alternative outlets - dollar stores, or if theres any areas where you feel youre under-penetrated to this point.
Thomas Falk: We try to sell our products wherever mom wants to shop, so were doing pretty well across the channels. I think we were probably a little late to ecommerce in the U.S. - were catching up quickly. Weve probably been ahead in ecommerce in markets like China, where were doing quite well there, but were also trying to make sure--you know, theres a channel of baby stores in China which is very popular, that we do well in. There are small format diaper store in markets like Argentina where they might have 6,000 little tiny mom-and-pop run shops that just sell diapers and baby formula, so our customer teams around the world are constantly challenging to say, where else is mom looking to shop, whats emerging, how do we make sure we get on the front end of it so that were there with the right offer.
Erin Lash: Thank you, thats helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante: Hi, good morning everyone. I would like to talk about the 2015 forecast for operating profit growth to be up 1% to 4%. In Slide 27, you basically said that the currency impact, including transaction costs, is going to be 15%. So essentially, what is the currency-neutral EPS growth that you guys are planning, like 20%? You cannot get there, even having all the full savings flowing through the P&L, having all the restructuring savings going through the P&L, and even taking $150 million in commodity benefits. You dont get to 20% operating profit growth. So if you can help me understand this commentary of the currency impact on profits being more than 15%, that would be very helpful.
Thomas Falk: So Javier, was that a question or a performance review? I just was--
Javier Escalante: Well, I dont see how you can grow currency-neutral profits at 20%.
Thomas Falk: So if you looked at it, it kind of--Id say its a fair question. There are some big moving parts in the P&L, maybe more than weve seen in the past, so if you looked at it in big buckets and said, okay, currency translation and transaction is probably $500 million to $600 million, and if we get the price that were talking about of one to two points of price, that offsets maybe half of the currency drag. You get some commodity deflation, which is another chunk, so if you can get price and commodity deflation, that probably offsets two-thirds of the currency translation and transaction. Then youve got to get benefits of volume growth, benefits of our cost savings program and our organization restructuring program, cover other costs increases, and deliver your profit growth year-on-year. So youve got probably bigger buckets of activity moving through the P&L than maybe weve had in the past, but the math actually works. 
Javier Escalante: So what would it be, then, the currency-neutral EPS growth that you are forecasting?
Thomas Falk: Well, the question would be, as you said, some of the price were getting is because of currency, so--and these things, if you think about currency, commodity costs, and price, theyre all somewhat related. So you could look at it in the absolute sense, but you might be kidding yourself that you could still get all the price in a currency neutral environment.
Javier Escalante: But its not that currency-neutral EPS growth, its over 20%?
Thomas Falk: Well as you said, if currency translation and transaction is 15-plus, and were growing our bottom line EPS 2 to 5, you can do the math and add it to the 15, and thats the underlying growth. Its going to come in cost savings, volume improvement, price mix, and commodity deflation. 
Javier Escalante: But do you think that your forecast is conservative or its aggressive for 2015, because it seems like everything has to go well to grow EPS 2 to 5%.
Thomas Falk: Well Javier, we usually try to give guidance right down the middle of the fairway, that its the best estimate we have at this point in time of what we think is going to happen. I will tell you, there is more big moving parts flowing through the P&L, so if currency moves suddenly in one direction and we dont recover quickly enough on price, thats a risk. On the other hand, there have been other questioners on the call saying, well gosh, what if commodities stay down longer and lower than you thought and you get some benefit? So I think we will do the best we can in the environment were in, and well give you visibility as we go through the year on how were tracking against these big assumptions that weve made.
Javier Escalante: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Connie Maneaty from BMO Capital Markets.
Pat Trucchio: Hey, good morning. Its actually Pat Trucchio on the call for Connie. Just first, can you talk about some of the big forest projects for the year?
Thomas Falk: Yes. Weve got three big buckets of activity around forest. One is negotiated material savings, and our global procurement group is ramping up again to deliver against that. They delivered more than $50 million of bottom line benefit in 14 and are looking to do that, or even better, in 15. Productivity for us is another big opportunity area. We are driving lean continuous improvement, design for value around our organization, and are continuing to get benefits from that and would expect that to be another strong contributor. Then material specification changes, so how can we get even more effective on the product design so that were giving mom everything that she wants and able to take cost out of design by the choices we make on that front.  So those will be three big factors again, and wed expect that to roll forward to deliver $300 million in cost saves again for another strong year for us. 
Mark Buthman: Pat, we probably have 25% of our capital goes to productivity and waste-type cost savings projects as well, so in addition to just kind of the way we work, were also putting some capital behind cost savings and margin improvement. 
Pat Trucchio: Okay. Then lastly, how is Poise Impressa doing in tests? Is the test regional or nationwide, and is it being expanded? When might the product come to market?
Thomas Falk: Yes, thats really just a test in one market at this point in time, in Kansas City. I havent seen the read of the test so far. Theyre testing a lot of different combinations down there, so Ive generally heard its going well but I havent seen the output, and well have final launch plans once we get a read on the test and what exactly were going to do with that. Its an interesting product, and well see where it plays out.
Pat Trucchio: Okay, great. Thats it for me. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Caroline Levy: Good morning. Thanks so much. Id just like to understand better what happened in U.S. diapers. It just seems a quite dramatic market share loss and volume decline, and if you could just--you know, maybe see what you hadnt foreseen, because Im sure this was a lot below your projections.
Thomas Falk: It was about a point share loss sequentially, and Id say the trend has continued all year. Essentially, Luvs has been the big share gainer - I think Luvs has picked up two share points so far this year. Theyve been on promotion really every week with a particular key retailer, and thats one that weve been working hard to make sure we do better in that particular category with that particular customer. In the meantime, were working to drive the business across the country with better product performance, making sure were competitive on shelf with the right display activity and the right offer. So its really the basics of execution in that business, and we didnt do as good of a job as we needed to in 2014, and we will do a better job in 2015.
Caroline Levy: It isnt just about price, though? I mean, doesnt it just require you to lower your prices, or shift your mix in order to compete? 
Thomas Falk: No, I mean, I think--well, value is always a function of performance and price, so will we be more competitive on shelf and our promoted pricing? I would expect that will be a part of it, but it will also be product improvements and news and innovation that drive moms preference in these categories.
Caroline Levy: So to that point, theres some optimism about the U.S. consumer. Do you think that we, or are you seeing any signs of consumers being willing to trade up or of demand improving in your U.S. business?
Thomas Falk: Well, when we look at our Huggies super-premium diaper, we are seeing that - weve picked up probably half a share point this year on our super-premium Huggies diapers in the U.S., so mom will trade up for real innovation. Weve got more innovation coming behind that segment of our line-up as well, so it is also focusing on that trade-up consumer. I wouldnt say weve seen an uptick in the numbers of consumers heading in that direction at this stage, but its pretty early days in this oil price cycle as well.
Mark Buthman: And Caroline, thats true across categories. If you look at super-premium bath, its growing as a percentage of the category and our share is growing. Our Viva Vantage launch in the super-premium end of the towel category this year has been a case, and continence is largely being driven by the super-premium end of the category. So even through a tougher economic time, the categories are growing not only in the value tier but the super-premium segment as well.
Caroline Levy: Right. Okay, thank you. Then just to ask about Russia, and getting back to if you take double-digit pricing, have you done that already, or is that something thats coming and therefore the demand impact has not been felt?
Thomas Falk: There were multiple price increases during 2014 as the economic crisis unfolded, and then there is another wave of pricing coming to that market in early 2015 with the recent fall of the ruble.
Caroline Levy: So do you think that the price elasticity is well below one-to-one?
Thomas Falk: I think when you see an economic shock like this, were all going to find out what this consumer is going to do in a negative GDP growth environment. But in the meantime, theres so much of these products are based on imported raw materials, even though we make the diapers in Russia, the polypropylene and packaging materials are all dollar-based, the pulp is all dollar-based, and so youve got to get some pricing just to cover the huge shift in the cost of those imported materials in local currency. 
Caroline Levy: Got it. Then just to your equity income line, you talked about Mexico being down because of the peso. If you were to take out the currency impact, would you be--are you seeing a recovery in sort of the local operating dynamics in Mexico, or are you still under pressure there?
Thomas Falk: Well, I think they saw--Mark and I were just down in Mexico earlier this week, and we met with Pablo and Claudio and the team down there. I think their volume growth or their organic growth was up 5% in the quarter, but it was off an easier comp in last years fourth quarter. Their shares are stable - theyre north of 60% in bath and diapers, which are their two big categories. Its a tough competitive market. The consumer is still pretty weak. Theres been lots of reforms down there that have probably affected consumer purchasing power in the short term. On the other hand, they're optimistic that theres going to be better economic growth and a better consumer environment in the medium to long term. In the meantime, theyve got a fairly tough peso exchange rate that gives them a little bit of the impact of imported material costs, because a lot of their costs are dollar-based as well.  So its a challenging environment, but weve got a very strong position down there and a great team to operate the business.
Caroline Levy: Thank you. I have one last one, just on China and demand there. Youve done just unbelievably well taking share for a lot of years. Are you seeing anything out there as you head into this year that suggests that the growth is going to slow or that competition has picked up their game, online in particular?
Thomas Falk: Theres lots of competition in China and has been for years. Pretty much every multinational CPG in the world is doing something in China - you know, the Japanese are aggressive competitors, Proctor is aggressive, SCA just bought Vinda, which is a local tissue player, so theyre in there now in some categories. So weve got a terrific team, great innovation, and were executing pretty well in that market, and that has been translating into terrific business results. So Mike Zhang and our China team, and Achal Argawal and our Asia team have done a great job of executing in that market, and we feel like weve got great momentum and more good things coming.
Caroline Levy: Thanks so much.
Operator: Mr. Falk, at this time we have no further questioners in the queue.
Thomas Falk: Well once again, everyone, thank you for your support of Kimberly-Clark. We had a terrific year in 2014 in executing and delivering great value for our shareholders, and were headed into a more challenging environment in 2015 but rest assured that our global business plan is pointing us in the right direction. Thank you again.
Mark Buthman: Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes todays presentation. You may disconnect your phone lines and thank you for joining us today.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Paul Alexander - IR Mark Buthman - SVP and CFO Tom Falk - Chairman and CEO
Analysts: Gail Glazerman - UBS Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein Olivia Tong - Bank of America Chris Ferrara - Wells Fargo James Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners Wendy Nicholson - KCC Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets Erin Lash - Morningstar Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience and holding. We now have your presenters in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today's presentation, we will open the floor for your questions. At that time, instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow up if you would like to ask an audio question. It is now my pleasure to introduce today's first presenter, Mr. Paul Alexander.
Paul Alexander: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Here with me in Dallas today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO; and Mike Azbell, Vice President and Controller. Here is the agenda for our call. Mark will begin with a review of third quarter results and give a short update on the health care spin-off. Tom will then discuss our organization restructuring and also our full year outlook. We'll finish with Q&A. We have a presentation of today's materials in the Investors section of our Web-site. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. We will also be referring to adjusted results and outlook. Both exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. The release has further information on these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. And now, I'll turn it over to Mark.
Mark Buthman: Thanks, Paul, and good morning. Let's start with the headlines. First, we achieved organic sales growth of 4%, highlighted by 10% growth in KC International; second, we increased adjusted earnings per share of $1.61 thats an all time record and up 12% year-on-year; and third, we continue to see strong results from our focus on capital management, including working capital, cash generation, capital spending and returning cash to shareholders. Now lets cover the details of our results. Third quarter sales were $5.4, thats up more than 3% versus last year. Underlying organic sales rose 4%. Adjusted gross margin was 35.1% in the third quarter, up 70 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted operating profit was up 15% versus year ago with an operating margin of 17.4% thats up 180 basis points compared to the prior year. Results benefited from organic sales growth $100 million of forced cost savings and lower G&A spending. I am really encouraged by our teams continued focus on cost savings and spending discipline thats helping us improve margins and invest for future growth in areas like advertising which was up $10 million in the quarter. On the other hand, we absorbed $55 million of input cost inflation and negative effects from currency exchange rates. Moving down to P&L, equity income fell 37% driven by softness at KC de Mexico. In addition, the adjusted effective tax rate was $0.05 drag on the quarter that was mostly offset by a lower share count. So putting it all together, third quarter adjusted earnings per share were $1.61, up 12% year-on-year and reflects continued topline momentum KC International, broad based margin improvements and forced cost savings. Now, turning to cash flow, our cash provided by operations in the third quarter was $976 million, thats up 7% year-on-year driven by improved working capital. We continue to drive down primary working capital. Our year-to-date cash conversion cycle is down three days compared to full year 2013 so were tracking to comfortably exceed our one to two day improvement objective for the year.  In terms of capital allocation, third quarter dividend payments and shared repurchases totaled more than $0.5 billion. As a reminder, on October 7th, we increased our full year share repurchase target to $2 billion. Thats up from our previous estimate of $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion as a result of cash proceeds we expect from Halyard Health in conjunction with the spin-off of our Health Care business. So this means that full year dividends and share repurchases should be at about $3.3 billion. Now, Ill highlight a few areas from our segment areas for the quarter. In personal care, organic sales rose 6%, performance was led by KC International with organic sales up 12%. In terms of highlights for KCI this quarter, in diapers, organic sales were up 25% in China, 25% in Russia and Eastern Europe and 10% in Brazil. Organic sales in KC International were also up double digits in feminine care, led by Brazil, China, Eastern Europe and South Korea. Finally, our adult care and baby wipes businesses delivered double digit organic sales growth in the quarter. In North America, personal care organic sales were down slightly, volumes were up for our Poise and Depend adult care brands, GoodNites youth pants and Huggies baby wipes. On the other hand, volumes were down in Huggie diapers and Pull-Ups training pants. Overall personal care operating margins were 19.5% in the quarter, thats up 160 basis points year-on-year with improvements in North America, KC International and Europe. Moving to consumer tissue, organic sales increased 3%. In North America, organic sales were up more than 3% behind strong volume performance. That reflects market share gains, innovation and increased promotion activity. KC International, organic sales were up 5%, was driven by higher net selling prices in response to unfavorable currencies and cost inflation. Consumer tissue operating margins of 16.8% were up 250 basis points year-on-year driven by organic sales growth and cost savings. Now, K-C Professional, organic sales increased 3%, performance was led by 13% growth in K-C International. We continue to expand our business for industrialization and economic development recurring particularly in North America and China. Elsewhere KCP organic sales were down 2% in North America and up 3% in Europe. Overall, KCP margins were 18.9%, that's up 50 basis points year-on-year. And lastly healthcare organic sales were off 3% mostly due to lower net selling prices, healthcare operating margins up 13.3% were down compared to a strong performance a year ago, our year-to-date margins remain healthy and up year-on-year. Now a quick update on the healthcare spin-off, were in the final stages of completing the transaction, the form 10 registration statement has been deemed effective by the SEC. Halyards Board of Directors has been fully established and debt financing for the company is in place. The spin-off has set to occur at the end of the day on Friday, October 31st and Halyard Health will begin trading under the ticker symbol HYH on Monday, November 3rd.  So that wraps up my comments. To recap, we achieve solid organic sales growth, we delivered significant cost savings on all time record adjusted earnings per share and we continue to allocate capital and shareholder friendly ways. Now Ill turn it over to Tom. 
Tom Falk: Thanks, Mark and good morning everyone. Since Mark has reviewed our third quarter results, Ill just add that I am encourage with our performance and a challenging environment. While we certainly have opportunities to further improve our growth initiatives are on track and our financial discipline is generating strong cost savings, margin improvements and cash flow.  Now let me turn the comment on our organizational restructuring. As we have said all along, since we announced the healthcare spin-off, were committing to offsetting the impact of the stranded overhead cost that result from the spin. This restructuring program will do that and will make us more efficient at the same time. Restructuring program will also give us more flexibility to invest in our brands, to invest in our targeted growth initiatives and to build the capabilities that will help us win in the marketplace. This restructuring is a result of a global assessment by our functions and by our business teams that identified the ways that we could streamline the organization structure, simplify the way we work and make our overhead spending even more competitive with the best-in-class companies.  Our organizations in all major geographies will be effected by this program. Workforce reductions are expected to be in a range of 1,100 to 1,300 people and primarily affect salaried employees. Majority of the reductions are expected to occur by the end of next year. The financial details for the restructuring are included in this mornings news release, but to recap this whole cost for the program were expected to be $130 million to $160 million after tax, charges will begin in the fourth quarter of this year and it will be wrapped up by the end of 2016. Savings will begin in earnest next year and should total 120 million to 140 million pre-tax by the end of 2017 thats nicely above the stranded overhead cost from the spin which are about $85 million. Cash cost will be about 80% of the total charge, so the cash payback on the restructuring is less than one and a half years. This restructuring effort is further evidence of how we manage our company with financial and cost discipline.  Now let me move to the outlook for the full year. Although the macroeconomic environment remains volatile, there have been no significant changes to our full year input cost or currency rate assumptions from the outlook that we provided to you in July. Still most currencies have weakened relative to the U.S. dollars just the last month, as a result we expect that currency overall will be a sequential headwind in the fourth quarter as compared with our third quarter results.  We also continue to closely monitor the environment in Venezuela. Access to letters of credit to pay for imported raw materials there continue to be inconsistent. Going forward if we dont receive adequate amounts of letters of credit, we could curtail some of our production as necessary rather than further increase our U.S. dollar exposure. Now in terms of our business overall, we have good top-line momentum with more than 4% organic sales growth of the first nine months of the year. We expect the full year to be at least at the midpoint of our 3% to 5% target. On the bottom line, our guidance for the year is consistent with our previous outlook adjusted for the healthcare spin-off. We expect to adjusted earnings per share will be between $5.93 to $6.03 assuming the spin-off occurs at the end of October. This guidance includes a $0.10 per share impact from the spin-off of the last two months of healthcare's 2014 earnings. Our previous guidance was between $6 and $6.15 a share and included a full year of healthcare results. So adjusted for the spin-off, the midpoint of our current outlook is equivalent to the midpoint of our previous guidance. Following the spin historical results for healthcare business will be reported that earnings from discontinued operations so included in our 2014 outlook is $0.47 of adjusted earnings per share from discontinued operations. That means our outlook for adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations is $5.46 to $5.56 a share.  So summary, we continue to deliver good financial results and were on track with our plans for the year, were taking further steps to improve our business and we are convinced that successful execution of our global business plan will continue to result in strong returns for our shareholders. That wraps up our prepared remarks and now well begin to take your questions.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, at this time the floor is now open for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Just starting on the restructuring program, do you think the benefits you could see next year can at least offset the stranded costs? I know youre not looking for much impact, but can they at least offset that?
Tom Falk: I think between the combinations of the benefits were going to get plus well have some transition services agreement income, we should be able to cover the stranded cost hit next year. Well give you more guidance on specifics on that in our January fourth quarter release when well have more specific guidance for 2015.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay, and just turning to Personal Care, can you talk a little bit about both the adult incontinence market and the strength that you saw particularly in light of P&G's reentry into the market, as well as diapers? And is there something strategic and big that you need to do to start to get that growing again?
Tom Falk: Sure, Ill cover both of those. In Adult Care, we probably would say that weve done a pretty good job of preparing for the entrance of Procter into the category, so weve been able to launch a lot of innovations. Weve actually strengthened our distribution in the face of their launch. So we feel like were on track with our plan for the year, and yes, I am sure youll hear from Procter later this week. My guess is theyll say they got the distribution they were looking for and their launch it on track. And so it could be that both those statements are true and the rest of the category is feeling the tension in terms of ten on private labels is where most of the share gain that Procters got and so far has come from, but good strong growth there. On the diaper front, what youre seeing is, is a trading up trading down phenomenon. Our super premium segment of our category grew double digits in the quarter picked up a couple of share points, but weve lost more than that in Huggies main line and Loves picked up a fair amount of share. And so there is some product performance things well be addressing and were going to make sure were watching the value gaps with Loves to try to stabilize that business and deliver a better performance. But you can rest assured that were not happy with the U.S. diaper business at this point in time.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay and just lastly on K-C Professional, I guess there is a way from home increase in the market can you just give us an update on how thats proceeding?
Tom Falk:  Yes, weve probably had limited benefit from that and as you saw in the quarter, we had negative price in KCP in North America. So youre seeing some price erosion in the low end of that business and so any net price gain has been pretty minimal at this point in time, and I think youre seeing a fairly stagnant economy is probably not helping much on that front.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: So a couple of things, first one to push a little bit more on diapers and as a broader category because in North America, because you talk a little about price mix improving slightly but then in North America in particular clearly the Huggies volumes were down and I am trying to understand whether youre seeing any resurgence into Pull-Ups versus what used to be any improvement from the consumer trade up there? And also any birth rate changes, were starting hear rumblings of positivity there?
Tom Falk:
 : Yes, we'd say in the birth has been very slight positive signals so far, which in a sense is good, its not falling anymore. So thats probably good news. I wouldnt say it has turned into a baby boomlet yet on that front. And then in the Pull-Ups category, we really arent seeing much traction yet and so still moms staying in diapers a little longer, still seeing size six growing as moms are choosing to stay at that level, so those things were working on to make sure were driving the right innovation in Pull-Ups. We did have a very good, GoodNites quarter as we launched some new innovation on GoodNites and so our total childcare volumes were pretty flat in the quarter, but Pull-Ups was down and GoodNites was up, and didnt show up in the share number because there is a lot of GoodNites stuff as pipeline fill.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Okay and then on North America consumer tissue looked like volumes were good, price mix was down three, can you talk about the effect of de-sheeting on that price mix (obviously) [ph] it might have rolled off? And in particular how much of that is related to what weve been hearing for years now, but sounds like its down in the ground and producing the private label pad technology trying to compare with Europe pad? And moreover what do you think the price volume equation looks going forward?
Tom Falk:
 : I think the -- good question. So, Ill say on consumer tissue, weve rolled off most of the de-sheeting impact, so there wasnt much in the quarter on that front at all. We did step up promotional activity from second quarter where we were not competitive in the marketplace. It was competing with other branded activity in the market where some of our competitors have stepped things up in the second quarter. We picked it up in the third quarter and you saw that show up in the volume growth so business that response well that we were more competitive we were not leading the price down but we were trying to make sure were matching up to the future pricing in the marketplace and saw a good volume growth across the board and a good back to school season on facial and saw high single digit growth there. Good growth on Cottonelle and a solid growth on Scott Tissue, Viva Vantages launch is pretty much on track and towel growth was up mid-single digits overall. So, just good execution and making sure youre competitive on shelf every day.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. And the last one if I can just throw in is on Halyard in your health care business. So, is it fair to think about the overall dilution I mean we mentioned and we talked about it about 9% on a full year basis excluding any adjustments. But then if you go through and look at the transition services agreement you look at the share repurchases that youre getting from the payments theyre giving you, and then this incremental cost cutting. Is it fair to think about the net dilution of something like 4% to 5% on an annual basis is that the right way to think about it?
Tom Falk:
 : Yes, I think youre probably in the ballpark. Well give you a little bit more specific guidance on that in January. But Id say, wed expect to try to minimize that as much as possible. And well be looking in our January guidance to give you on a continuing ops basis a plan that looks like our global business plan with consistent top line and high single digit bottom line, a mid to high single digit bottom line as weve done in the past.
Operator: Our next question comes from Olivia Tong with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America: Good morning. Thanks. Can you talk a little bit about the drivers behind international growth because that continues to be quite robust first half past for the categories growing now have seen any changes in the categories since the quarter ended? And are you gaining more share in existing retailers how much of that is incremental distribution?
Tom Falk: Yes, I mean there is a lot going on in emerging markets and theyre pretty exciting place from a lot of dimensions this year with a lot of volatility and a lot of some political instability mixed in. So, its been a pretty exciting place and our teams there have done an awesome job of executing, driving innovation in the market. And so, if you think about Russia and Eastern Europe, were up 25% in the quarter done a great job of launching diaper pants in boy/girl there and have really taken off a fairly tough currency environment, managed to get price to offset a lot of the currency hit. So, wed say were growing ahead of the category there. But the category is probably growing high single low double digits and were -- as you look at the broad Russia and Eastern Europe markets together, Russia is probably a little slower than that but good execution from our team on the ground. China again 25% growth in the quarter thats on a 45% comp last year, so very strong growth. Were in the 100 cities now that was our goal to be in a 100 cities by the end of the year. So, weve picked up distribution which is part of it. Weve done well in e-commerce which is the fastest growing segment in China. And so wed say the Nielsen data would looked at the categories not doing much, our guess would be that China diaper category is probably growing high single or low double digit at this point. And we have not seen a big shift since the end of the quarter that I know of. And moving to Latin America, good execution in Brazil with the launch of boy/girl diaper pants there as well in the face of a Unicharm launch and a pretty aggressive Proctor investment and so our business there performed pretty well. And wed say were going to again, probably growing a little faster than the category in Brazil and across Latin America. Argentina would be another market where a lot of economic turmoil but the team has done a great job of delivering price increases and volume increases in the market. So, its been an exciting year in international with good innovation, good execution in the market and its shown up in good results.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America: Thanks. Appreciate the comprehensive review. And just following up on that, you talked a little bit about the dollar strengthening and where you got price in Russia. How do you think about profitability for KCI going forward obviously with the dollar strengthening beyond just Russia?
Tom Falk: No, I think that it will be a headwind in the fourth quarter for sure, we guess that probably sequentially its much of $0.10 headwind on currency third quarter to fourth quarter. And well pull a plan together for 2015 that continues to look at preserving the shape of that P&L and continuing to drive growth in local currency and well be transparent with you on how that shapes up in terms of dollars.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America: Would you expect KCI margins to be up year-over-year next quarter?
Tom Falk: They make good progress this quarter, and they had a good cost savings quarter. Theyve done a great job of getting price where weve had currency weakness. And so Id expect certainly margin stability sequentially. We had terrific margins across our segments in the third quarter so thats maybe a tougher comp. But I would say if you look at our year-to-date averages in the segments, that's certainly a good predictor of what were capable of, and would expect that to continue.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America: Got it, thanks. Just if I could add one last question, I know youre right now not ready yet to give fiscal '15 EPS outlook but on raw materials with crude and natural gas down pretty dramatically recently would you expect raw materials in places to decelerate next year or does the stronger dollar and still higher pulp and resin more than offset that? Thanks.
Tom Falk:
 : I think this recent move hasnt floated its way into the supply chains yet. So, if you looked at pulp outlook it was still it looked like its trending higher in 15, but I dont think thats the recent moves in the dollar are fully baked into that yet. If you looked at polymer, polymer is going up right now, not down like oil has done but I would expect if oil stays where it is that the polymer supply chain would start to reflect some of that. And so we hopefully have a bit more clarity on that when we talk next in January.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Chris Ferrara with Wells Fargo.
Chris Ferrara - Wells Fargo:  Hey, good morning. Tom, I hate to get into 15 again, but I am only doing it because you said a couple of things that I just want to make sure I can pull together correctly, right so you said that this synergy was 85 million, I think you said that you think you could offset that in 2015, I want to also understand how that works with your 2014 continuing operations base of 546 to 556. So that fine 546 to 556 includes all of this synergy, right so you will be offsetting 85 million or call it $0.15 plus a share in 15 if you can offset that, is that the right way to think about it?
Tom Falk:
 : Yes, so were going to get some transition services in common and in 15 it will lost a portion of the 85 million and then we should get the additional restructuring benefits that we think should have a shot at offsetting the rest of it. So, I think the answer to your question is yes, to the extent I understand it.
Chris Ferrara - Wells Fargo:   No, thats helpful, I guess I am just trying to understand what the growth rate will be offered. So that 546 to 556 should have a deflated date, if you were to have sort of a long-term planning algorithm EPS growth rate that you just cited sort of mid to high single-digits in 15 it would be above and beyond that 85 million of cost offsets, is that right?
Tom Falk:
 : Yes, I think thats directionally right, on the other hand well have other investment opportunities, currency, commodity cost issues and so thats the rest of the picture that we need to bring together into a plan and share that with you in January.
Chris Ferrara - Wells Fargo: Okay. And then I guess on SG&A, the 2014 levels were, I mean even in dollars below 2013, below 2012 levels even. I know youve said youre pretty pleased with cost savings and thats a good number. But is there anything specific that was going on this quarter in SG&A that we should think about and the sustainability of that sort of trend?
Tom Falk:
 : You have to put more focused attention, I think as people were getting ready for the restructuring they were already starting to cut cost in many areas, good management of the control levels things like travel and other things were lower in the quarter than normal. And so, I think thats part of it and if you looked at the comp versus third quarter last year, we had more compensation increases last year and we had a little bit of compensation decreases as we adjusted some of our long-term plans in the quarter that might be the only thing that might qualify as a little unusual although those things get adjusted every quarter up or down. Third quarter last year was on the up note and this year was a little bit a little bit lower as we reflected some of the currency implications and other things and on our sales impact on the three year count thats rolling every year.
Chris Ferrara - Wells Fargo: Thats right. Can you just one last quick one, can you just say where the Venezuela growth was for the quarter?
Tom Falk:
 : Volume growth was pretty flat and so I don't know if Paul has looked at total top-line, but.
Paul Alexander:  Yes, we did have a little bit of price benefit, but youre right Tom there was no volume growth in the quarter in Venezuela.
Chris Ferrara - Wells Fargo: Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from a Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
James Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners:  Hi, this is James Armstrong for Chip. How are you today? The first one is going back a little bit to the cost overhead reduction charge thats taking place in the fourth quarter. If were seeing most of that charge in the fourth quarter, why aren't we seeing the full benefits until 2017, could you help walk us through a little bit of timing behind that?
Tom Falk:
 : Yes. Sure, well book the severance so we made the decision even though of the separations won't occur and will roll out over all of 15 and even some in the 16.
James Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners: That helps. And then switching to tissue, is tissue volume strength coming at the expense of the other national branded players or do you think youre gaining share versus private label?
Tom Falk:
 : If you look at the share charge, private label shares were pretty stable sequentially and actually are up a bit year-to-date and our shares are up a bit year-to-date as well. So with the primarily taking share from other player, other branded players.
James Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners: And then lastly as you look at the demographic trends and coming back to this a little, with millennial households forming, whats your forecast in births in the coming year? And how do you expect that to impact diaper demand as we go out into the 2015, 16, 17 timeframe?
Tom Falk:
 : Id say our -- we talked about birth rate in a couple of earlier questions and our prediction is relatively flat, very slow growth in the U.S. birth rate. So, we can quote you a number offline but were not seeing much at this point. I would say thats going to be a big driver of category growth in the next couple of years. But Id say, were also continuing to tinker with the model to be better at predicating at our more recent models looking at household formation. And unemployment levels have been reasonable coming out of the crisis, I am not sure theyre going to be as useful as we move into a more stable economy and find the next driver of growth rate is something that we continue to look for.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wendy Nicholson with KCC.
Wendy Nicholson  KCC: Hi, my question has to do with Venezuela, in light of sort of how long thats been as difficult as its been for you and others; is there a scenario where you would exit Venezuela like Clorox has decided to?
Tom Falk:
 : Wendy, at this point, I dont think thats an option for us. Weve been consistently profitable in Venezuela, which is I think different from the situation that was there at Clorox. We have substantial Bolivar reserves in the country in cash to continue to finance our operation. Our issue is access to U.S. dollars to import raw materials and so Mark and I have set an overall U.S. dollar cap that weve reached for that business. And so as long as we continue to get foreign exchange, well be able to find ways to continue to run the operations there. Were also looking at more local sourcing, can we find more raw material that we can buy with the Bolivars that we have to run that business. And at end of the day, were trying to make sure were serving the moms in Venezuela that need diapers and need bathroom tissue every day to care of their families. Were trying to provide the employment in a stable way for our employees that are there, and as long as we can do that and operate ethically, well continue to operate in Venezuela.
Wendy Nicholson  KCC: Got it and your market shares there are stable or strong?
Tom Falk:
 : Our market shares have been stable although because we have been limiting our exposure. We know were not in full throttle of growth there, so weve walked away from business because we didnt have foreign exchange to bring products in. And as you know from probably reading about that place, there is shortages all over the place, so market share is in a relative driver. I mean, our driver of that business is access to U.S dollars.
Wendy Nicholson  KCC: Got it and then just back on the U.S. business, obviously to the extent commodities come down as we expect them to and that flows into the market place, I mean it seems like there should be or could be a lot of more flexibility on both your part as well as your competitors' part, just simply get more promotional? And is that a concern for the category, I mean I know you got to be frustrated by your market share trends, but is your plan really to bring innovation to market or is it more marketing or is there a risk that we get into some sort of down and dirty price competition like weve seen in some other categories in the U.S.?
Tom Falk:
 : At this point, youre not seeing the commodity wave flow our direction, in fact if anything, I think polymer went up $0.08 a pound this month or something, so youre not seeing the benefit flow through that would support the first part of your statement and pulp has been sticky. Youve seen eucalyptus come down, but its still at the high end or even slightly above our full year outlook. Northern softwood hasnt come down and it is above our full year outlook. So youre not seeing the commodity underpinnings of that that would lead to more price competition. And at the end of the day in every category, the value that mom gets as a combination of price and performance, and we got to make sure were delivering the right product performance at a competitive price, and thats probably true the world over.
Operator: Our next question comes from Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: I am wondering about the restructuring youre now undertaking, so it looks like it is bigger than the stranded overhead, so my question is excluding the savings that youre going to get from it, do you think you have enough money to spend defending and growing your categories in diapers and adult incontinence or did you need this program in order to be able to invest more?
Tom Falk:
 : No, I think thats the right way to think about this is that -- we started out looking at the restructuring program saying first priority is we've got to cover the stranded cost because those are not going away and weve got to make sure we do no harm with the spend that we protect the core business. Second priority then is to say what else can we do to create more capacity, to invest in our business to invest in growth ideas, to invest in innovation. And our business teams around the company really rallied to that and came up with an aggressive plan and it's never easy to do these things, and these are peoples jobs and employees' lives that are effective by it but it is something that we need to do to allow us to invest and grow the business. And actually the question is, is it enough, its probably never enough. And weve also had a great quarter of cost savings in our forced program and we need more from there as well. And so were continuing to look at opportunities to get more productive in every aspect of the business to make every P&L line item work for us to allow us to compete and invest and grow our business wherever weve got opportunities to do that.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. So are the restructuring programs, you said something I found interesting. Are the restructuring programs essentially designed by the business units or are they more top-down directed?
Tom Falk: Well it was a little bit of both. And the functions that had the most stranded cost there we had a clear target and each of the teams went and worked for that target. On the business unit side they did a lot of competitive benchmarking and said were the best in class companies operating in each of the major functional areas that serve each of the businesses and came above up with a list of ideas and initiatives that we supported and decided to go forward with. So like every good plan its a mix of top-down and bottom up.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. If I could just ask one final question on Venezuela, I mean, assuming that the three official exchange rates converged to one over time, its not going to be towards the stronger end of the currency rates it will be towards the weaker end. So, if these levels converged to say like 30 boulevards or 40 boulevard to the dollar, whats the impact on you since youre still at the official 6.3?
Tom Falk: So several things, first of all, the balance sheet would get re-priced so weve got little over $400 million I think $435 million will be disclosed in the Q today of exposure that will get re-priced that whatever that new rate is so thats mostly in cash but its -- so that will be effect on that line. And then the next question is again what price are you allowed to sell at so when you have that level of currency devaluation typically there is particularly for imported products finished product price adjustments all those prices are controlled by the Venezuelan government so there would be application for price increases depending on how those go and what level of prices youre able to charge would determine on whether youre going to be able to bring in imported products or not or even bringing imported raw materials and convert it to finished products. And so we take a look at that environment and try to come up with a business plan that made sense. But again you kind of come back to the key driver of it is whatever rate they pick, are you going to get exposure or access to U.S. dollars to be able to pay for the materials and products that you need to sell in that market. And so well work through that whenever those decisions are made by the Venezuelan government.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erin Lash with Morningstar.
Erin Lash  Morningstar: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I was wondering if you could speak to the acquisition environment obviously the step up in the share repurchase expectations for this year is fairly pronounced. And so I just wondered if that indicated anything about what youre seeing in terms of valuations for potential acquisitions?
Tom Falk: We are a big acquirer, weve done some tuck-ins and [indiscernible] actually most of the tuck-ins weve done over the years have been in healthcare. Quite honestly our corporate team has been full consumed with the spend this year and with the -- as well as getting ready for the restructuring. So were out of capacity of human capitals to go look at very many deals. But we havent seen much likely that was of interest to us.
Erin Lash  Morningstar: Thank you, thats helpful. And then just in light of the competitive environment, I wondered if you could speak to just the kind of your assessment of your overall distribution? And if there are areas of opportunity to further extend distribution of your products into specific channels that would be helpful?
Tom Falk: Sure, and the interesting thing is around the world theyre all different kinds of channel migrations occurring so you continue to see the traditional retailers for our consumer products but were also seeing more ecommerce in markets like China and Korea, thats growing very rapidly and is taking a bigger and bigger share of the category. In markets like Argentina there are small panulerras neighborhood diaper stores that are growing rapidly in China, there is these baby stores with a high end diaper baby clothing, baby formula kind of a store thats a very prolific channel. So one of our key focus points is to make sure our products are available wherever mom wants to buy them and make sure that we get the right offer and the right mix of products on sale and really is tracking those channels and staying connected to mom digitally and finding out where she wants to buy, how she wants to buy has been a key opportunity for us and been a lot of fun for our marketing teams to be able to work on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: My first question actually follows on just what you were discussing in terms of distribution and ecommerce. I feel like Id love to get some color on what efforts you're making in the U.S. because I feel like a cross both baby care and also the tissue business, youre probably bit under exposed in ecommerce channels, could you discuss what you are doing if anything to sort of to change that? 
Tom Falk: Yes, sure, I'd say while ecommerce is certainly -- we were a little bit late to the party in the U.S., were probably ahead of the curve in markets like China and Brazil and Argentina and others, fully competitive in Korea and places like that. So, were catching up in the U.S. and have got a good relationship with many of the large ecom players both in the traditional brick and mortar retailers that are going in that space, the Wal-Marts and Targets and Sams Clubs and Costcos of the world as well as Amazon and diapers.com and places like that. And clearly all of the ecom retailers just like our traditional retailers want the young family as a loyal customer and because of the basket size that those shopper suddenly begin to buy and the lifetime value of that is really important to them and so, we worked a lot on that front.  Tissue and -- were present the logistics of that and the cost of distribution a higher bulk lower value item, the last mile to a consumer home isn't as obvious although there is some activity going on in that space and were working with our ecommerce partners to try to figure out where does that make sense and how do we do it most efficiently.  Were interestingly doing probably more work now with adult care and so depends and poise are probably areas where you would see a little bit more consumer discretion and you might have a desire to send the product as a care giver to a family member and so there is a kind of a natural opportunity for us to be able to use that and make it easy for consumers to get the products that they need in that market online. Still very small and early days but there is a lot of activity happening there.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital:   Okay, great. And then also on adult care, also small and early days, I was hoping you could discuss the impressive test market and I am guessing also very early but anything you can share on that would be really interesting?
Tom Falk: Yes, I mean we think thats an interesting idea and could be a very exciting product, it's very early days in the test so we dont have a lot of data to even read yet. But well see what happens and hopefully well have something to talk about as it comes through the test next year sometime.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital:   And how are you going about just spreading word of mouth on that because I think new --not necessarily new to world but new to the over the counter consumer market and I think education and awareness is a huge piece of it, has that even being viable. So, what are the plans?
Tom Falk: We have a long tradition of talking about new categories in different ways as you look at coming out. We were the first to talk about feminine protection with Kotex back in the 1920s and then depend and talking about incontinence in the 1980s. And so, I think youll expect to see with all the new digital tools that we got available opportunities. There we were also connecting with the appropriate medical community as well that with the logical recommenders of product forms like this. So they are exploring some of those different avenues in the test and well see which of those have the biggest return and move the needle and then well try to do more of that as we think about launching. This maybe a product that takes a bit of time to build and well see how that plays out in terms of consumer behavior change.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital:   Okay, great. And last thing is just very subtle, and I think I picked this up correctly, that you talked about Russia and Eastern Europe as a bucket rather than just being Russia and why the change?
Tom Falk: Well we've actually, whenever weve said Russia before it always included Eastern Europe, it's just Eastern Europe was pretty small and has gotten bigger, that we thought we should get them into headline so our business in the Ukraine has actually also doing really well. Our business in the stans, the Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan, Azerbaijan all those countries that none of us have visited very often those -- that part of the world has also grown nicely and it's new geography for us and so were going in and building a good business there on the collection of that is actually delivered quite a bit of growth this year.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital:   Okay. So those numbers are comparable, it's just giving Eastern Europe.
Tom Falk: Yes.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Okay. Thank you so much.
Tom Falk: (Multiple speakers) to talk about a little bit more. 
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital:   Okay. Thanks, Tom.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research:  Hello. Good morning, everyone. I have a follow up on China, Russia and Brazil. You mentioned that category growth is still at least high single-digit. So, if you could tell us whether this is actual volume growth or is it inflationary pricing, whether you are seeing still trade up, I mean what part of, if you can help us understand in these three markets whether you are seeing a still consumers trading up or is it trade down because of the difficult economies. Could you give us a little bit more of a view of the customer in these three markets?
Tom Falk: Yes, I think a good way to think about all of these markets is that you are still seeing GDP per capital go up in all of these markets. As the middle class builds and builds and more people are employed and are able to enter the middle class and afford our products, so even if they have a downtick in their GDP growth rate, the GDP per capita is still increasing at a descent rate and thats fueling the expansion of consumable categories. And so I'd say the three markets are pretty different and that's since China there hasnt been much price. You typically are seeing consumers trade ups, so the lower tiers are moving up into the upper tiers. The golden baby phenomenon is still very much alive or mom wants the very best products for her baby, and so youre seeing more rapid growth in e-Commerce in China. So, if you looked at Nielsen numbers, you wouldnt see that kind of category growth rate, but if you -- it's in precise data in China is difficult to get but our guess is that youd see high single low double digit growth in the category with very little price.  In the case of Russia and Brazil both, there was some price this year and so Paul, I dont if youve got any more detailed numbers, but in the high single double digit -- double digit growth in both in Russia, you probably had half of that was price, I'd guess in the period and not everybody took it, not at the same time. And there has some innovation in launching diaper pants that is a premium price offering that the consumer has traded up into and so you are seeing some mix improvements in both Brazil and Russia. But both also got some price to offset currency that was a factor in the category growth.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research: And when it comes to -- that is very helpful, Tom, actually when it comes to what Unicharm is doing in Brazil, is it similar to what it is in China? Is it super premium product? Or is it different?
Tom Falk: It's a super-premium product and its actually priced quite a bit higher than everything else in the market, and so far hasnt gotten much traction at least in the measured shared data. Both Procter launched aggressively as did we every kind of diaper pant, we know how to make and occupied I think all of the [indiscernible] positioning that Unicharm might want to go do and so we never take them for granted or underestimate them, but so far our defense plans in Brazil have been working pretty well.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research: And finally if I may on Mexico which is completely different from the dynamics in Russia, China and Brazil, could you explain us a little bit of whats happening? Why the JV income profits are down by some much? What is it pricing environment, could you explain that better? Thank you.
Tom Falk: Those -- Pablo Gonzalez will be hosting a call on Thursday, we'll then go in more detail on their numbers. So I dont want to scoop in too much. But Id say its been a continuation of the trend where its been a slower growing economy than was predicted, thats showed up in slower growth in lots of categories, and more investment in price to try to simulate category growth and I think that hasnt been fully effective. So weve invested in price which has hurt the top line and hurt profitability to hold and stabilize share positions, which weve been successful at doing. But its been a much more challenging economic environment, I think theyve had commodity cost inflation as well and a little weaker peso, so its been -- theyve had a number of factors that have combined to suppress their results from what theyre hoping for this year. But Pablo can give you more color on that on Thursday.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank. 
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: My favorite topic, toilet paper in the U.S., it seems like there is a price war thats kind of emerging, I mean how problematic do you see that being because I know your pricing has been negative at least in the scan channels for a while, but it seems like P&G has finally kind of bit the bullet and taken their pricing down pretty substantially in the last three or four months, so do these trends continue and kind of where does it end because like the latest round of data was actually pretty damming in terms of substantial sequential price cuts, so any commentary there would be appreciated?
Tom Falk: I mean the investment level certainly picked up in the late second and early third quarter and we matched up to it in the third quarter, and you saw that in our price numbers. We also saw it in pretty good volume performance, when I look at the overall margins in our consumer tissue business and the uptick that we got in the quarter, this is a kind of near-term high watermark for us. So Id say were balancing the marketing mix and driving the premium variance where we can and investing in price to make sure were competitive on future price points. And thats kept the momentum going in that business which obviously were watching what P&G and GP cope to in this environment, but were weathering the strong reasonably well.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Great thanks and then just the 45% of KCI thats not LATAM, Russia and China, it looks its growing low single digits and I am assuming that those three are up like 17% or something at quarter, so whats the story there? I mean its an opportunity to accelerate growth in those markets. I know Australia is kind of slowing growing, market in South Korea is probably the same, but is there anything else there that is perhaps an opportunity or threat?
Tom Falk: Id say Korea is actually on track with their plan this year. Again, but it is a slower growth market than a lot of the rest of Asia. Australia, you paint that one correctly and now well have some big currency headwinds in the fourth quarter as they roll forward. The rest of Latin America is mixed bag and in Costa Rica and Central America is a little bit more developed, had a little bit more competition in the quarter so were working on some things on that front. But Id say Australia and Korea are by far the two big players in the balance of KCI that we talked about.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Great, thanks so much. And then one last final, the call has gone a long time, the growth rate in diapers in Brazil is like half in the latest periods. Do you know whats driving that because it was sort of like pretty substantial like 20%-ish range and I fell to like 10%, 11%? Do you know if its like a temporary spiders or something more sinister going on there?
Tom Falk: No, I mean its a more competitive environment. So everybody is spending money like crazy, Proctor is spending aggressively, we are as well, Unicharm is launching. And so I would say delivering double digit growth in that environment has been a pretty solid performance especially against a weaker economic backdrop which probably hasnt helped on that front. And weve had a terrific performance in fem care in Brazil. And so, there is a lot of good things happening in that business overall that were pretty happy with.
Operator: Mr. Paul, at this time, we have no other questioners.
Paul Alexander: All right, thanks for all the questions today. And well wrap up with quick comment from Tom.
Tom Falk: Once again solid execution with greater results in K-C International lots of opportunities as we spin Halyard, so congratulations to the Halyard team. And we look forward to the successful transaction completed in the end of next week. And once again thank you all for your support at Kimberly-Clark.
Paul Alexander: Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes this mornings presentation. You may disconnect your phone lines, and thank you for joining us.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Paul Alexander - VP, IR Mark Buthman - SVP and CFO Tom Falk - Chairman and CEO
Analysts:  Wendy Nicholson - Citi Research Chris Ferrara - Wells Fargo Gail Glazerman - UBS  Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Erin Lash - Morningstar Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank  
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience in holding. We now have your presenters in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today's presentation, we will open the floor for your questions. At that time, instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow up if you would like to ask a question. It is now my pleasure to introduce today's first presenter, Mr. Paul Alexander.
Paul Alexander: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's second quarter earnings conference call. With us today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO; and Mike Azbell, Vice President and Controller. Here is the agenda for our call. Mark will begin with a review of our second quarter results and then give an update on the health care spin-off. Tom will then provide his perspectives on our results and the outlook for the full year and we'll finish with Q&A. As usual, we have a presentation of today's materials in the Investors section of our website. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements this morning. Please see the Risk Factors section of our last Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. We will also be referring to adjusted results and outlook. Both exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. The release has further information on these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. And now, I'll turn it over to Mark.
Mark Buthman : Thanks, Paul, and good morning. Let's start with the headlines. First we achieved organic sales growth of 5%, led by 10% growth in KC International; second, we increased adjusted earnings per share 6% driven by organic sales growth and cost savings and third, were on track with our overall capital plan including working capital, cash generation, capital spending and returning cash to shareholders.  Now lets cover the details of our results. Second quarter sales were $5.3 billion up more than 1% versus last year. Underlying organic sales rose 5% led by strong growth in KC International, currency rates were at 2% drag and restructuring activities reduced sales by 1 point. Second quarter adjusted gross margin was 34.8% thats up 30 basis points year on year. Adjusted operating profit was up 5% versus year ago with an operating margin of 16.1%, its up 60 basis points compared to prior year. Results benefited from organic sales growth, $75 million of forced cost savings and $10 million of savings from pulp and tissue restructuring actions. On the other hand we absorbed significant currency headwinds. The total earnings drag including translation and transaction effects and losses was approximately $0.11 per share in the quarter.  We also absorbed $60 million of input cost inflation. We now expect that full year inflation will be towards the high end of our previously estimated range of $150-250 million, that takes into account additional inflation in some international markets in a somewhat tighter virgin fiber market. To support our brands and innovations we increased advertizing spending by $15 million in the quarter, thats up 20 basis points as a percent of sales.  Now moving down to P&L, equity income fell 27% driven by softness at KC de Mexico, KC de Mexicos market positions remain strong and their primary markets of bathroom tissue and diapers they have market shares well into the 60s. However given recent results and the challenging macroeconomic environment, we now expect that our full year equity income will be down compared to last year and our original expectations for this year. Putting it all together second quarter adjusted earnings per share were a $1.49, thats up 6% year on year.  Now turning to cash flow, cash provided by operations in the second quarter was $842 million, thats up 46% year on year mostly due to working capital improvements and lower pension contributions. We continue to manage primary working capital very well, our year to date cash conversion cycle is down two days compared to full year 2013 so were in great shape to meet or potentially exceed a one to two day improvement objective.  In terms of capital allocation second quarter dividend payments and share repurchases totaled nearly $800 million, we repurchased $476 million of KMB stock in the quarter and we continue to expect full year share repurchases of $1.3 to $1.5 billion.  Now Ill highlight a few areas from our segment results for the quarter, in personal care organic sales rose 7%, performance was led by KC International with organic sales up 13%. Second quarter personal care operating margins were 18.6%, thats up 50 basis points year on year led by gains in KC International and Europe.  Moving to consumer tissue organic sales were up 3%, consumer tissue operating margins of 14.7% were up a 120 basis points year on year driven by selling price increases and cost savings.  Turning to KC Professional, organic sales increased 3%, performance was led by 13% growth in KC International, organic sales were off slightly in North America.  Our KCP margins were solid at 17.9% although they were down versus a very strong year ago performance. And lastly healthcare organic sales were up slightly with healthcare operating margins of 15.9% were up nicely versus a soft result last year. And I am really encouraged by the teams execution as we prepare for the spin-off.  Now let me turn to the planned spin-off of our healthcare business which will become Halyard Health. We are making good progress overall. Our initial Form-10 registration statement was filed with the SEC in May and an amendment with first quarter financial information is filed in June. Halyard senior management team is in place and selection of the Board of Directors is underway with a lead director and chair of the audit committee are renamed. Separation planning is well underway and we're targeting to complete the transaction at the end of October. We are continuing to assess the impact of the spin-off on our remaining K-C operations. Stranded costs are estimated to be about 2% to 3% of our annual adjusted operating profit and in near term these costs will be partially offset by incremental share repurchases and transition services agreements which we'll have in place with Halyard.  As I mentioned in April, we expect to incur some restructuring charges in order to fully mitigate the impact of stranded overhead and to improve our overall organizational efficiency. Our work in this area is ongoing and we expect to share our plans in conjunction with our third quarter earnings communications in October. So, that wraps up my comments. To recap, we achieved solid organic sales growth. We delivered healthy cost savings and bottom-line growth and we continue to allocate capital in shareholder friendly ways.  Now, I will turn it over to Tom.
Tom Falk :  Thanks, Mark and good morning everyone. I will share my perspectives on our second quarter and then I will address our full year outlook. So, starting with Q2, we delivered another quarter of good performance overall. Our organic sales growth in the quarter was 5% thats at the high end of our 3% to 5% full year target. As you think about targeted growth initiatives K-C International had another strong quarter with 10% organic sales growth and improved margins. In diapers, our organic sales increased approximately 30% in Russia and Eastern Europe, 20% in China and 15% in Brazil. Our Huggies business continues to generate excellent top-line growth in these markets and at the same time we're making good progress in improving the bottom-line. We're also doing well in our other personal care businesses in K-C International. Organic sales were up double-digits in both feminine care and adult care and mid-single digits in baby wipes. Our focus on premium innovation and category development continues to generate good results in these businesses. Elsewhere in K-C International KCP organic sales were at a low-teens rate that was led by growth in Latin America and solid progress in China. We're continuing to push harder to further build this business where industrialization and economic development are occurring.  We've also implemented a number of selling price increases in K-C International in response to weaker currencies and cost inflation. These have been executed well and in general have not impacted underlying demand. So, overall we have good momentum at K-C International and we remain very optimistic about our prospects there going forward.  In terms of top-line growth in North America, volumes were on track, are ahead of plan and our adult care business and baby wipes and in our feminine care business. We're also largely on target in consumer tissue although we're responding to increased competitive promotion activity in the bathroom tissue category. On the other hand, volumes were below expectations in diapers and in our K-C Professional washroom business. And our teams there are focused on improving performance by better leveraging our innovation, marketing and selling capability.  Regarding innovation activities we are making good progress overall. In K-C International, our focus on innovation in diapers and diaper pants, premium feminine care and adult care, continues to deliver strong growth for us.  In North America, I am encouraged that innovations are helping grow our brands like Poise, Depend, U by Kotex, Viva and Huggies baby wipes. Our brand positions are solid overall and reflect our innovation launches and increased advertising spending. Our market shares in the U.S. improved or even with year ago in six of eight consumer categories that we track and were growing faster than the category in a number of our markets in KCI.  In terms of bottom-line, I am encouraged with our second quarter improvement in margins and earnings despite the headwinds that Mark mentioned, some of that bottom-line improvement was due to benefits from the strategic changes we've made in Europe. We've also just started to more formally bring together our European and Middle East and Africa teams into one organization to streamline decision making and improve efficiencies there. While we got more work to do, I am encouraged by our progress in Europe.  Finally, as Mark has already highlighted, we continue to operate our company with financial discipline by generating significant cost savings and cash flow and allocating capital in shareholder friendly ways. So, in summary we're executing our global business planned strategies well in a challenging environment and we are essentially on track with our overall plans for the first half of the year.  Now moving on to our outlook for the full year. We continue to be optimistic about our prospects to drive profitable and healthy growth. On the top-line, we continue to target organic sales growth of 3% to 5%. We got a good momentum in this area with 5% organic growth to the first half of the year. While comparisons get more difficult in the back half of the year, we expect to make further progress with our targeted growth initiatives and innovation programs. On the bottom-line, we expect to deliver full year adjusted earnings per share in a range of $6 to $6.15. Compared to our previous guidance, we've narrowed the range modestly by bringing down the top end by $0.05 a share. This recognizes a slightly more difficult external environment including the outlook for commodities and business conditions for K-C to Mexico, some of the consumer tissue promotion activity in North America and overall competitive activity in general. Regardless of the environment we continue to be optimistic about our future. We're staying focused on our strategies to protect and improve our brands and our business and we remain convinced that successful execution of our global business plan will continue to result in strong returns to our shareholders. So that wraps up our prepared remarks and now we'll begin to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Wendy Nicholson with Citi Research.
Wendy Nicholson - Citi Research: Two questions, first with regard to on the contemplated restructuring program, are you expecting that to be bigger than just to address the stranded overhead cost associated with the spin or is that limited to specifically that transaction?  And then second of all, there has been a lot written and a lot of speculation about Proctor entering the adult incontinence market, and Im just wondering if there are anything you are doing in anticipation of that or on -- to better position yourself? Obviously youve got an incredible position already. But is there anything you do differently now if that is coming down the pike? Thanks.
Tom Falk: Good question. Wendy, on the first one, the restructuring; we will give you more color on that in the third quarter call. I mean at the minimum we are going to make sure we eliminate the stranded overhead and Mark gave you a guidance on the range of that as 2% to 3% of our operating profit. At the same time we're asking our teams broadly to say are there other things that as we look at Kimberly-Clarke post healthcare spin that we could do to make ourselves even more efficient. And so well be evaluating those ideas over the next few months and give you more color on that in October.  On the Procter front, we've been going hard to drive dependent employees pretty aggressively as youve probably seen over the last several years. And I think having a great innovation portfolio behind those brands is the best defense for any kind of competitive activity. And so we'll continue to drive innovation and try to drive the category growth and we think that will serve us well over the medium-term.
Wendy Nicholson - Citi Research: And then just two questions, follow-up. On the restructuring side, are you contemplating any additional product line exit, what you did with diapers in Western Europe or is it really just cost related? And then secondarily, whats your confidence in the pricing dynamic in adult diapers? I mean they are obviously very expensive product. Do you feel like you've got a sufficient range of products? Is there a chance that Proctor comes in and undercuts you and there is negative pricing in the category? How do you think about that?
Tom Falk: Sure, on the restructuring, I would say its primarily going to be cost related. I wouldnt envision there is any product line exists, going on there and so it really is more just looking at our talent where we got it and we have the right capability in the right places and other things we can do better from a shared service or centrally, that we're taking a look at as a chance to look at your overhead structure when you have a transaction like the spin.  On the second question, on the pricing dynamic, we obviously havent seen full visibility of what Proctor is going to do. And so we'll make sure we're competitive in the marketplace. But behind a lot of the innovation that we brought -- we have brought DEPEND Real Fit for man and Silhouette for women to the market last year. Thats probably our most income challenged consumer. And because those products work so much better, we picked up 9 to 10 share points behind a more expensive product offering. And so we are not shy about pricing for the innovation when weve got real game changing innovation to bring to market.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Ferrara with Wells Fargo.
Chris Ferrara - Wells Fargo: I guess, first on pricing, with the plus 2 in the quarter was pretty strong. I guess, I love your thoughts on -- whats driving that, whats the promotional environment like? Obviously we know there are some tissue [indiscernible] going on but, what would your outlook be? You think that plus 2 you put up, but when does it start to decelerate, as you moved through the year or in fact do you think that some of this currency driven pricing at a lag might keep it up at that plus 2 rate for a little while?
Tom Falk: Thats a great question and I think if you look at where we got most of the price, it was in the markets that have had significant currency devaluation and local inflation as a result. So places like Brazil, Argentina, Russia, the Ukraine, other markets like that where youve seen pretty rough currency market. You've seen everybody and across all categories taking price pretty aggressively in a pretty good bit of inflation. So again I think a lot of that has happened and as we'll get some comp of that flowing through for the next several quarters. But I guess, I wouldnt say that thats a long term trend at this stage.
Chris Ferrara - Wells Fargo: Got it, thats helpful. And then I guess on topline, just a couple of quick things. First on China, obviously plus 20 is a great growth rate this quarter but it's gone from 45 to 35, from 30 to 20. So when is it -- is plus 20, is that kind of where you think China settles out or might be even slip a little bit further given how robust that bridge still is and then overall, Tom, you mentioned obviously that comps get tougher in the back half of the year for the business as a whole. You mentioned that the innovation pipeline, I think, picks up. Do you think there is a chance that you guys dont see a year on your deceleration in the back half of the year relative to what you saw in the first half of the year? 
Tom Falk: I mean, I guess I'd say so you are saying you think were going be down some sales or just slower growth rate in the back half?
Chris Ferrara - Wells Fargo: Sorry, just slower growth rate.
Tom Falk: I guess [indiscernible] tougher comps in the back half and Id say that we gave the 3to 5 guidance we got 5 in already so Im highly confident we'll be in that range where we could have a little slower growth rate in the back half than we did in the first half in part because of the tougher comps. In china particular, we still think the -- and I know the Nielsen data isn't showing this but we still think the diaper category is growing high single digits and theres a lot going on in e-commerce that is being tracked in the Nielsen data that were seeing happen in those markets, and so we still got a lot of innovation coming there and really were just getting started in fem care with the relaunch there. We got a lot of additional product activity we can bring to those markets to continue to see growth and so, Id say we continue to expect K-C Internationals going to have high single digit growth for some time to come.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman - UBS : Hi. I know you mentioned that youre able to pass through the prices in the emerging markets generally but it seems like in KCI tissue volumes were a little bit weak, I wondering if you could give some color there historically.
Tom Falk:
 : Yes, took price a little bit more aggressively in a couple of markets and took some volume risk on that, Brazil was one that would come to mind, and sometimes when you take price and tissue you deal with de sheeting which shows up as negative volume and positive price so you may be selling a similar number of rolls but youre actually, we measure volume in sheets not rolls, so that can be a part of it in some markets as well.
Gail Glazerman - UBS : Okay and in the US away from home market I believe there was an effort to raise prices, I was just wondering if you could give an update on how thats being accepted.
Tom Falk:
 : Yes, several of the competitors took price, we followed, thats still rolling out as we speak, as you know in that market you got lots and lots of individual contracts and so it takes longer to have that price get betted down in the marketplace, but so far that seems to be rolling out reasonably successfully. 
Gail Glazerman - UBS : Okay and just two last quick ones, can you give a little bit more color on the increase of competition that youre seeing in the US bath tissue market?
Tom Falk:
 : Yes, as you probably recall Georgia-Pacific had some production problems where they were on allocation at the beginning of last year, early, first half of 2013, so theyve come back with more promotion this year and are really trying to get their shelf space back and some of their market share back. Some of the other competitors in the marketplace have followed that and so weve tried to make sure that were competitive with primarily in Cottonelle, Scott tissues held up pretty well in this environment.
Gail Glazerman - UBS : Okay and then just last one on pulp, you talked about maybe firmer than expected virgin fiber pricing, I am just wondering if you could break that down between kind of the nature grade, soft wood, hard wood and soft pulp and what youre seeing and expecting moving forward. 
Tom Falk:
 : Yes, I mean Northern softwood and fluff pulp has probably been the stickiest and the list price hasnt come down much, you are seeing some deals particularly on Northern soft wood below list price where were kind of just being bought off contract because I think the producers arent willing to bring the list down, so thats making the list price a little bit less relevant to the everyday transaction price that's happening in the market place. Eucalyptus has probably been closer to what we were expecting, still maybe a little bit on the high end of the range but again, Id say eucalyptus, you see more supply still coming into the market place and more of a predictable behavior there.
Gail Glazerman - UBS : And on fluff are you seeing relief, FDA last week kind of talked about seeing [indiscernible], expecting fluff prices to come down, is that something youre experiencing as well?
Tom Falk:
 : I think everybodys expecting it, were not seeing it yet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: Hi, good morning. Could you talk about your business in Venezuela? Kimberly is one of the few companies not to move to a weaker exchange rate so Im wondering if the additional rate is what you believe is a true reflection of your economics there and also if you could talk about whether youve gotten any price relief.
Tom Falk:
 : Thats a trick question, Connie, as to what the true exchange rate is in Venezuela at this point in time, but as we look at it and in fact we just reviewed this with our audit committee, couple of days ago, when we reviewed the 10-Q and the earnings releases, so theres about a third of the companies that weve been able to track down there that are still using the six-three rate, theres about a third that are using some form of a blended rate or the SICAD-I rate and therere about a third that are using the SICAD-II rate and the choice as to which one they are using seems to have more to do with the type of business that theyre in and which rate they qualify for, so if youre in the services arena youre probably in SICAD-I, if youre in the essential consumer products area youre in the original CADIVI rate and so essentially the only exchange that were getting is at the six-three rate and weve got more foreign exchange in the second quarter than we even did in the first quarter at that rate.  So I think there has been some discussion with some Venezuelan government officials that they are considering aligning those at one rate. And I think thats probably the long-term trajectory. At this point in time, its something we review every quarter and talk about whats the right rate. But were not even eligible to apply for the SICAD-I or SICAD-II rate at this point in time. In the meantime we try to be completely transparent in the queue about what our balance sheet exposure is in Venezuela and so that investors if they believe there is a different rate that should be applied, they've got the information that they need to be able to do that.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: And are you getting any relief on pricing yet?
Tom Falk:
 : Given that were still at getting the exchange at the 6-3 rate, it's difficult to argue for pricing at that point. So if and when the rate changes, then that will be a discussion at that point in time. In the meantime we're more focused on getting enough foreign exchange to be able to continue to run the mill, to bring in raw materials and to continue to bring in some finished product and so we work with the Venezuelan government authorities on that on a daily basis.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Olivia Tong with the Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  First question, just back to incontinence. It looks like P&G has started to test the waters a little bit in Europe. So do you have any early read on their approach on how you plan to respond to that? And then just on North American diapers, clearly volume has been a little bit difficult in Huggies, with the volume down low single digit; so can you talk about what your plan is to respond to that? Thanks.
Tom Falk:
 : Sure, on the incontinence, I mean they just started shipping in the UK, just in the last month or so. So weve picked up some product samples and those are being tested, probably too early to tell. I'd say, at this point we would never take a competitor lightly. But we feel pretty good with the innovation program that we have and the things that we still have coming in our -- behind our dependent Poise business. On the positive side, if youre going to be the optimist here. Its that the Poise category in particular, the light bladder leakage category is still pretty underpenetrated and so having another competitor come in and talk about it from the consumer standpoint could benefit all of us, if the category grows more rapidly.  On the North American diaper front, yes, as you mentioned, were not satisfied with the share. I mean a lot of it has been lost particularly at a couple of large format retailers have been driven. So we are going to try to make sure we are more competitive in the second half and have more innovation coming across our Huggies line-up to get that brand back in a healthier growth profile.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it, thanks. And then on professional, last quarter you attributed the decline in North America partly to unfavorable weather, but now price seems to be a bigger drag. So can you talk through how you think about professional and developed markets given these dynamics?
Tom Falk:
 : Yes, I think the KCP business, weather was certainly a challenge, but as we look at it, we probably say we didnt execute as well as we needed to. And so we're in the process of realigning some of our sales capabilities, and that probably was more disruptive than we would have thought. So we're focused on getting that business back on track, so a little bit better performance overall in the second quarter. So we had positive volume in North America, which was a good sign. We probably spent a little bit on price to get some of that which is where you saw the negative price. But we were aligning that team to have a stronger second half and we should see that play out in the marketplace.  
Operator: Our next question comes from Erin Lash with Morningstar.
Erin Lash - Morningstar: I was wondering if you could speak to; first of with the Child Care volumes down mid-single digits and just your expectations for that segment of the business. And if that's reflective of Pull-Ups and how that -- what you're doing, I guess, within that loss?
Tom Falk:
 : Yes, what we are seeing with Child Care is a couple of factors, it is primarily Pull-Ups. We are seeing growth in our size-6 diaper business; which would say that moms are keeping babies in diapers a little longer. And part of that is there is an economic issue where the Pull-Ups are more expensive per piece than a disposable diaper. And were also looking as to make sure that the Pull-Up is delivering on the product performance expectations where we are seeing a little bit more leakage in Pull-Ups and is that why the consumer is deciding to stay in diapers a bit longer. And so weve got initiatives behind both of those areas and I would expect to see some improvement in our Pull-Ups business in the back half of the year and in to early 2015.
Erin Lash - Morningstar: Thats helpful, thank you. And then if I could just a follow-up on Wendys question from earlier about potential divestitures resulting from the restructuring. Is that -- was your answer indicative of the fact that you after the spin-off of the healthcare business that youre content with your portfolio, are you constantly re-examining your portfolio to see if there are other areas that may be are less core to the business?
Tom Falk:
 : To take a long-term view, we have been around a little over 140 years and our first product was Newsprint. So our portfolio looks pretty different today than it did then. And so I guess the answer is, were always continually challenging ourselves and what we can add to the portfolio to make us better and then are there other properties in the portfolio that we maybe arent the right owner of long term and we have been pretty disciplined about doing that over the years. This is I think my third spin-off but coming out of a big transaction like the spin, I'd probably say in the near term, the medium term, we are pretty happy with the portfolio. 
Erin Lash - Morningstar:  Okay, thanks you, thats helpful. And then just finally building off of that question, with regards to potential acquisitions as the use of cash if you could speak and that and potentially where you might see some holding the portfolio that you would potentially look to fill by making acquisitions whether from a product perspective or a geographic perspective? Thank you.
Tom Falk:
 : Yes, we have not done a bunch of strategic M&A in fact the one business that probably was doing some M&A was in our healthcare business and then when the spin happens I am sure that that team will have some interest in continuing to look to add healthcare properties to their portfolio. As I look at our core business, we have got enough organic growth opportunities in the emerging markets. Today, a high percentage of our business in the emerging markets is in diapers and bath tissue, we have got huge opportunities to continue to grow baby wipes and Pull-Ups and our adult care business, as the global population ages. So, our KCP business as the world industrializes, has a great growth opportunity for us outside North America and Europe. And so we see a lot of things that we can go chase with big opportunity that we already own and so we're focused on those probably more than looking for the strategic acquisitions.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research: Hello, good morning everyone. Just to kind of how you wrap it up with Venezuela, if you can tell us how much your local currency sales growth was and what percentage of the profit currently represent because I understand that you are now getting access to cadaver rates which other companies in the same space seems not to be getting access to.
Tom Falk:   I guess Javier, I wouldnt assume that other companies arent getting the letters of credit at the 6-3 rate like we are, so I mean I think that may be in some categories and not others, the more essential you are, so diapers and bath tissue would be firmly in that area, the more likely you are to get the 6-3 rate. And as you look at 2013 data, Venezuela was a couple percent of sales and a little bit more than that as a percent of profits. Its probably a little bit higher than that in the first six months of the year, so we've probably seen a little bit faster growth. If you look in the second quarter, I think of the double-digit KCI growth, Venezuela was about a 1 point of that. So, its not way out of proportion with the roll in the portfolio.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research: Understood, thank you. And the way that I understood your commentary with regards to pricing, you mentioned because 5 points have been both in tissue and personal care international. It seems like not all of it is in place, so does it mean that we're going to see even higher pricing going into the third quarter?
Tom Falk:   I mean I think most of it is in place and it's just that as you compare it to prior year, you will have a positive comp for the next several quarters as that rolls through.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research: Okay and finally on Mexico. You attribute the decline on the joint venture profits mostly to macroeconomic dynamics but is it -- there is a competitive aspect to it, is something happening to actual retail prices or could you elaborate more on whats happening with JV income in Mexico?
Tom Falk:   Yes, I mean I think if you look at our shares in Mexico, they have been very stable and so the team has defended successfully. There is more competition in Mexico as both CMPC and Mabesa in particular have been aggressive in tissue and diapers. You are also seeing a relatively weak economic environment and a more challenged consumer. There has been some of the tax reform proposals that rolled some VAT through that took spending power out of the pockets of Mexican consumers that had an effect on category health broadly. And you are seeing that in some of the big retailers, I think some of the large retailers have had negative same-store comps for the last two quarters in a row which is the first time in my career I can remember that happening in Mexico.  And so the expectation for growth down there was to grow 3.5%, 4% and GDP has been growing more like 1% and thats having a disproportionate impact on consumer confidence. And so again we have got big shares, we are defending them. We got good margins. We are largely protecting those but we are not getting as much growth out of that market as we would have hoped for this year. 
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research: Thank you, Tom and just one more on, I mean it has been touched before on the weaker volumes seen in diapers in the U.S. It seems to me that when you changed the diaper count earlier this year, volumes weakened. So, to what extent its an issue of pricing that after you reduce the number of diapers per package just started losing share?
Tom Falk:
 : Whenever you do a count change, we always get a little bit of a drop in volume because if you think about it the customers are ordering the same number of cases and the consumers are buying packages at the same rate and everyones inventory on average drops by the amount of the count change, so thats not that unusual. We were probably six months later than our primary competitor in making the count change, so we probably had a price advantage for six months and now its more of an even competition on that front. So, I guess I would say that part of it, I could understand. We're also seeing those with a growth in Luvs and the feature promotion that they had in the second quarter thats probably something that we will be more responsive to in the back half of the year both with innovation and making sure we are competitive in key areas.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital:  Thanks, good morning. And just to follow up on that last comment on Luvs you respond with some news in the second half, might that imply more activity at the lower end of the market, right, because with Luvs they've got two distinctive brands one more cater into the lower end where Huggies is trying to sort of be all things to all people. So, is that something that you contemplate a more of a mid-tier priced brand or sub-brand?
Tom Falk:
 : Well if you think about it, we, both us and our primary competitor do this in a lot of different ways, so if you would go into China for example you'd find Pampers across all product tiers. You'd see the same thing for us in many markets and so its not unusual to have the same parent brand and you'll have a sub-brand, so Huggies Snug & Dry will be our tier 4 brand that we would be focused on competing more with Luvs and I was trying to make sure on the right package price and the overall value equation, product performance and price that delivers to the consumer in that segment. And Luvs is sort of priced above private label and below the Huggies and Pampers tier 4, and so just trying to get that gap right for the value that you are delivering in the product.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then on that private label segway, SCA on their call I guess late last week talked about the impact that they believe they are starting to see of the new higher grade capacity income in consumer tissue in the U.S. and thats something I think that in the past as you've commented, we dont think it will be a huge impact on the market. Any change in that? What are you currently seeing in terms of this higher quality private label product coming to shelf?
Tom Falk:
 : I mean we are seeing better quality private label. It hasnt hit our shares at this point in time, so we see Cottonelle as a differentiated offer and Scott tissue has some of the most loyal consumers in the category. And so, its probably been a bigger factor for some of the other categories. I think in this last quarter private label bath was up about a share point year-on-year and so thats not trivial but its something that we are watching but it hasnt had a big impact on our business at this stage.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: And do you think that thats playing a role? I know you can pretty specifically point to Georgia Pacific, trying to regain its momentum, given their problems last year. But do you think that this share gain from private labels also influencing competitor behavior and then just the overall environment gets more competitive. The reasons may be varied but the outcome is the same that everyone gets more promotional?
Tom Falk:
 : If you look at bath tissue and towels, you walk into every store in America and somebodys branded towel and bath tissue is on deal every week of the year. And so we all take turns with the promotion, so the question is, are you going deeper, are you even trying to be even more frequent? But again, I think we've seen a little bit more depth of promotion from GP this year which is what both Procter and us to some extent have responded to.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Okay, great and then finally just on the healthcare spin. So, earlier in the call you said that share repurchases would partially offset the 2% to 3% dilution from stranded overhead cost in year one. So, does that mean that your ballpark figures at this point we can think about, should we think about 1% to 2% EPS dilution or is it not that high as a net number of the share repurchase?
Tom Falk:
 : Thats probably in the ballpark and we'll give you a more complete answer on the third quarter call when we give you the full scope of we figure out how much of the stranded cost we can take out. If we can take all of it out, there is a scenario where you might not have any dilution but we'll, I think for a working assumption for now thats probably in the ballpark.
Unidentified Company Representative : Yes, we will be servicing Halyard in shared services and IT and things like that, so we will be getting some income to cover those stranded costs for at least a period of time next year.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Okay. And [indiscernible] the restructuring you will be able to move quickly enough, so potentially some of that restructuring benefit or offset stranded has actually happened in year one of the spin?
Tom Falk:
 : Yes, thats the idea.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: First question is, looks like the tissue margin seem to be quite impressive I think in light of some of the competitive activity that you just mentioned. And I was just wondering if you could help us -- 
Tom Falk:   [Multiple Speakers] that's very nice of you.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: Well hey, give credit where credit is due, how about that?
Tom Falk:   You want to ask a question? I thought you were just telling us we were doing a great job.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: Well, you got to take the good with the bad I guess but seriously when you look at the business are you continuing to de-sheet, is that one way youre able to I guess offset some of the promotional inducements youre providing consumers or is it just totally on the cost side?
Tom Falk:
 : I'd say its like the rest of our business, were trying to do is products innovation wherever we can so continuing to drive premium variance even in launching flexible moist wipes in the bath tissue category around the world, in many of our international markets were selling Kleenex moist wipes for hand and face clean up and so were trying to really drive the higher margin segments of those businesses around the world, wherever we can to get the margins where theyre investible and not dilutive to the corporate average. We are to be sure focused on costs in that business because that is a key part of the P&L but its as much around innovation and mix management as it is a pure cost take out play.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: Got you, and you know maybe, not that you would know the minds of some of these folks but were kind of baffled or intrigued by the fact that there continues to be I guess sort of this onslaught of continued plans to build capacity by either new private label entrants or existing players and Im thinking of the Kruger announcement in the last week or two and to add I think another machine, what I think was one of your plants and [indiscernible] and then also Asia Pulp and Paper, through their St. Croix, division up in Maine and I, are they just at a completely different part of the market that so far hasnt touched you and so therefore theyre seeing success without it coming at the branded expense or what do you think theyre thinking?
Tom Falk:
 : Yes, I mean as we look at the North American tissue supply demand balance, theres been some new assets brought on theres also been a bunch of capacity taken out and typically in the branded, in the premium arena there hasnt been that much thats destabilized the market. At the low end when we look down at the away from home private label tissue market as sort of the bottom end, even that pricing hasnt been way out of whack, so, so far were not seeing anything crazy happening and some of these guys may add capacity, they may wind up taking out some older rollout capacity at the same time and so just because somebody built the machine doesnt mean that more consumers are going to choose private label.
Operator: The next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: I did want to build on that question from a previous ones, if youre seeing, all of a sudden it feels like a lot of moving parts in your competitive environment, so for the new CAD machines that are coming out in private label so that its higher quality, its supposed to be not for away from home use but in home use, so that might impact you in the next few years, the (PG) [ph] incontinence move and who knows if either of those two things will be successful but it only becomes more competitive, you mentioned already more price competition from GP and so I can understand how theres a, as you term it, slightly more difficult environment right now, but how do you think about this not just as a short term shift in the marketplace and these changes being more of a long term bad change that you have to deal with.
Tom Falk:
 : I guess I would say this Ali, we probably would say, weve always had (proctors) [ph] of tough competitors so we know that theyre always going to be there and we run up against them everywhere in the marketplace, but they all look at it and say globally theres more tough competition everywhere in the world, and so I look at the SCA coming out of Europe and theyve been very aggressive growing their business in international markets, weve got both Unicharm and Cowle who are expanding out of Japan with terrific products in the personal care front, you know weve got the CNPCs of the world in South America that are moving north into Mexico and so theres no shortage of people that get up every day wanting to eat our lunch.  So we use that within our own teams as a challenge for us to move even faster on the innovation front and to make sure were getting there with the best ideas in market, and that we've got the best marketing capability that were sharp on cost and that make sure that we cant be beat wherever we choose to operate and so it is very much of a motivator for us to know youve got that much good competition coming after you every day.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: So I get the motivational angle on it and thats a great way to manage folks for sure but do people -- do you the people internally really think that there is kind of an acceleration and increased competition in so many of the areas that youre looking at, or do you think its kind of status quo, because it does feel like theres acceleration at least from an outside observation perspective.
Tom Falk:
 : Yes, no, we are behaving like theres an acceleration so we are spending a lot more time, war gaming possible competitive activity as we think about launch plans in individual markets for example, Unicharm is about to launch in Brazil a diaper pant, theyve been building the plant there for two years, and weve been planning our defense strategy in Brazil for two years and have launched every pant we can think of in the marketplace to occupy all the key strategy so we probably pulled ahead and accelerated innovation in that market to make sure we were positioned correctly when they did launch and so we are monitoring competitive activity much more closely around the world and trying to incorporate that into our business plan, so that we are as prepared as we can be to not just defend but to thrive in those markets.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein:  Thats very helpful lens. If I were to ask you to focus on just one specific area which is China right now, it feels like you are shifting and have over the past couple of quarters actually successfully from driving a lot of your growth from distribution gains, much more to share gains. Can you comment on that observation if thats really whats going on there? Number one and number two is what you are broadly seeing from that marketplace?
Tom Falk:
 : Yes, I'd say thats probably, because every additional city you bring on is probably slightly smaller than the last one. They are still cities of millions of people, so they are pretty good size chunks of business. We are seeing as you get traction in more and more places and are picking up share in those places but thats -- you are getting probably more share gain although I would tell you any Nielsen data that you see in China, you should think twice about just because the coverage isnt great yet.  I think may be the one thing that is different in China is the rapid growth of ecommerce and I think in some of the emerging markets in particular China, you could see a different form of retail development over time with a much bigger e-com particularly in areas with dense population and relatively low delivery cost. And so, I think we'll see how that plays out but we are obviously spending a lot of time with our digital marketing capability and our ecommerce team there to make sure we're fully represented in that channel.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Just the guidance first of all, lets go down to nickel, why did you even tweak it, was the change just that Kimberly Mexico came in a little wider because the pulp prices came down a little bit, they came down less than you thought but it's not like they are up year-over-year, so if you can just comment on that briefly because it's like I said, its only nickel?
Tom Falk:   Yes, we were sense only nickel and basically as we look at the back half of the year, we got half the year in and a $0.20 range seemed a little wide given as tight as we usually are around numbers and Mexico was down enough that we felt like that was probably the right signal. So, we'll give you another look at it in the fourth quarter, may narrow it further at that point in time, we'll see. 
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay, got you and then everything you guys have done over the last 10 years, there is may be much more to consumer products company rather than more of a commodity pulp company which has been great. The only metric that hasnt really moved is the gross margin, so I am curious if you think there is a compelling gross margin opportunity because you things that are in the portfolio, things about the portfolio but that gross margin line and I know commodities have a lot to do with it but thats the one that really hasnt budged and kind of to emerge as a consumer products company, I think that your gross margins are about 1,000 basis points below some of the other competitors there, so do you think thats an opportunity now that everything has kind of cleaned up?
Tom Falk:   Well its certainly one that it has gotten better. We're just sorry you havent noticed it as much, Bill but it was down around 30 and its now up into the mid-30s again. Now thats where it was before we got hit with a lot of the commodity cost inflation. And I do think that is a big driver of multiple long-term and so it's one of the things, one of the key metrics we focused on with each of business teams is as we bring innovation to market, is it gross margin accretive. And so that we're going to agree completely thats a key driver of a healthy franchise long-term.
Operator:  At this time we have no other questioners in the queue.
Unidentified Company Representative : All right. We appreciate everybodys questions today and we'll close with the comment from Tom.
Tom Falk:  Once again thank you for your interest in Kimberly-Clark. We continue to execute our plan effectively and expect to deliver continued strong results in the second half. Thanks very much.
Unidentified Company Representative : Thank you very much.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Alexander - Vice President, Investor Relations Mark Buthman - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Tom Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Gail Glazerman - UBS Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Chris Ferrara - Wells Fargo Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience in holding. We now have your presenters in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today's presentation, we will open the floor for your questions. At that time, instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow if you'd like to ask a question. It is now my pleasure to introduce today's first presenter, Mr. Paul Alexander.
Paul Alexander: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's first quarter earnings conference call. Here with me today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO; and Mike Azbell, VP and Controller. Here is the agenda for our call this morning. Mark will begin with a review of our first quarter results and he'll also give an update on the health care spin-off. Tom will then provide his perspectives on our results and the full year outlook. We'll finish with Q&A. As usual, we have a presentation of today's materials in the Investors section of our website. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the Risk Factors section of our last Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. We will also be referring to adjusted results and outlook. Both excludes certain items described in this morning's news release. The release has further information on these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. And now, I'll turn it over to Mark.
Mark Buthman: Thanks, Paul, and good morning. Let's start with the headlines. First, we achieved organic sales growth of 4% and delivered $80 million of cost savings in the first quarter. Second, we continue to allocate capital in shareholder-friendly ways. We're on track with our capital spending plans to grow our business, and we returned three-quarters of $1 billion to shareholders in the first quarter through dividends and share repurchases. And third, we're making good progress with health care spin-off activities. Now, let's go to the detail of our results. First quarter sales were $5.3 billion. That's down 1% versus last year. Underlying organic sales rose 4% led by strong growth in K-C International. Currency rates were a 3-point drag and restructuring activities reduced sales by a further 2%. First quarter adjusted gross margin was 34.7%, up 10 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted operating profit was even with year ago with an operating margin of 16.2%, thats up 20 basis points compared to the prior year. Results benefited from organic sales growth, $70 million of FORCE cost savings, and $10 million of additional savings from pulp and tissue restructuring actions. In addition, total between-the-line spending was down 90 basis points as a percent of sales. That's mostly due to lower G&A spending including incentive compensation. We absorbed $65 million of cost inflation and significant currency headwinds in the quarter. The total earnings drag from currency, including translation and transaction effects and losses in other income and expense, was approximately $0.15 per share. And while the adjusted effective tax rate was down slightly compared to last year, that was offset by lower equity income. Putting it all together, first quarter adjusted earnings per share were $1.48. That's even with our all-time record performance last year. Now turning to cash flow, cash provided by operations in the first quarter was $437 million. That's down compared to $607 million last year, mostly due to higher pension contributions and working capital. Given our normal pace of cash generation and with most of our pension contributions for the year now behind us, going forward I expect cash provided by operations to pick up significantly from first quarter levels. As I mentioned at the beginning of my remarks, first quarter dividend payments and share repurchases totaled $750 million. And as you know, on February, we announced our 42nd consecutive annual increase in the dividend. In terms of share repurchases, we bought back $465 million of KMB stock in the first quarter, and we continue to expect full year buybacks of $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion. Now before we move into our segment results, let me give you a brief update on Venezuela. We measure our results in Venezuela at the rate at which we transact our business in the country. Since March of last year, that's been at the official exchange rate of VEF6.3 per US dollar. To date, we've not had access to US dollars through either the complementary currency exchange system known as SICAD or the recently announced SICAD II auction process. At this time, it's not clear if we'll be able to access either of those systems going forward or what amount of currency exchange will transact through those mechanisms in the market as a whole. So as a result, we continue to measure our operations in Venezuela at a 6.3 rate. Now in terms of bottomline earnings, although it wasn't the case in the first quarter, our full year plan continues to assume that we'll have some year-on-year earnings decline from results in Venezuela as a result of the ongoing uncertainty in that country. Like all multinationals that do business in Venezuela, we continue to closely monitor the currency market and the overall business environment there. Now I'll highlight a few areas from our segment results for the quarter. In Personal Care, organic sales rose 7%. Performance was led by K-C International with organic sales up 13%. First quarter Personal Care operating margins were 19.2%, up 80 basis points year-on-year led by gains in K-C International and Europe. Moving to Consumer Tissue; organic sales were up 3% driven by higher net selling prices and slightly favorable mix. Consumer Tissue operating margins of 15.2% were healthy, and were up 10 basis points year-on-year. Turning to K-C Professional; organic sales increased 4% with volumes and net selling prices each up 2 points. Organic sales improved 16% in K-C International, but were off 2% in North America. KCP margins were solid at 17%, although down versus year ago, including the impacts from a slow start to the year on the topline in North America. Lastly, Health Care organic sales rose 1%, driven by higher volumes in medical devices. Health Care operating margins of 18.1% were up significantly versus soft performance last year. Although I don't expect full year margins to be at the first quarter levels, I am really encouraged by the team's focus and execution, while we work on preparing for the spin-off. Now, speaking of the health care spin-off, let me give you a little update on our progress. Detailed Separation planning and preparation to carve-out financial statements are well underway and broadly on track. We'll be seeking Board approval to file the spin Form 10 registration statement with the SEC in early May. Robert Abernathy who will lead the new company has assembled his senior leadership team, including naming a Chief Operating Officer and his Chief Financial Officer. We're continue to assess the impact of the spin-off on the remainder of Kimberly-Clark's operations, and as you'd expect, that includes analyzing potential actions to streamline our work and mitigate stranded costs. While this work continues to be in progress, we expect to incur some restructuring charges in order to mitigate our stranded costs. We'll provide more specifics in connection with our second quarter earnings communication in July. And finally, we expect the spin-off to be completed at the end of the third quarter or potentially in the fourth quarter of 2014. So that wraps up my comments. To recap, we achieved solid organic sales growth and cost savings. Our capital allocations plans are on track, and we're making good progress toward the spin-off of our health care business. Now, I'll turn it over to Tom.
Tom Falk: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll show my perspectives on our first quarter results, and then I'll address our full year outlook. So starting with Q1, overall we had a solid quarter, solid start to the year, particularly given the headwinds we faced and the difficult earnings comparison with Q1 last year being our strongest quarter. Organic sales growth in the quarter was 4%, thats right in line with our 3% to 5% full year target. At our targeted growth initiatives, K-C International had another strong quarter with 12% organic sales growth. In diapers, our organic sales increased about 30% in China, 25% in Russia, and 15% in Brazil in the first quarter. So our Huggies business has good momentum in these three markets and broadly throughout Kimberly-Clark International, and we've got more innovation coming yet this year to help us drive additional growth. We're also doing well in our other Personal Care businesses in K-C International. That includes feminine care, which our organic sales there grew double-digits. Our adult care business was up high-single digits; and our baby wipes business, which was up mid-single digits. So, our focus on premium innovation and developing these categories continued to generate great results in these businesses and markets around the world. Elsewhere in K-C International, our KCP organic sales were up in the mid-teens rate, with strong growth in Latin America and solid progress in KCP in Asia. So on an annual basis now, the K-C Professional portion of our K-C International business is $1 billion for us and with attractive margins. So we're continuing to push hard to take advantage of opportunities where industrialization and economic development are occurring. So overall, we're executing well on K-C International, and we're very optimistic about our top and bottomline growth prospects in that part of the business. In terms of topline growth in other parts of our business, we're broadly on track except for K-C Professional in North America. There we're off to a slow start in the year. There were some impacts from the severe weather that we had in the US in January and February and conditions in that business have improved more recently and we're expecting better performance as we roll forward into the year. On the innovation front, we're off to a good start for the year. In K-C International, we continue to launch innovations across our product lineup. We got a heavy focus on Huggies diapers and diaper-pants, premium feminine care products and adult care offerings coming to market this year. In North America, we've launched innovations on Huggies diapers, Depend briefs and Viva towels. We've got more near-term activity happening, including improvements to Huggies diapers and baby wipes, new Poise microliners and upgrades to our U by Kotex product lineup. Our brand positions in North America remain solid overall. Our first quarter market shares are up even with year-ago levels in six of the eight US consumer categories that we track. In terms of the bottomline, as Mark mentioned, we had headwinds from currency exchange rates and cost inflation. To offset these challenges, we raised selling prices where we can. We're driving our cost savings programs and we're controlling our overhead spending carefully. And finally, as Mark already highlighted, we continue to allocate capital in shareholder-friendly ways, and that's a key part of our global business plan. So overall, we're executing well in a challenging environment. So now as we move to the outlook for 2014, we continue to be optimistic about our prospects to drive profitable and healthy growth, and that means we're focused on delivering solid organic sales growth, increasing our advertising and research and development spending and generating healthy levels of cost savings and cash flow and then allocating that capital that we generate in the business in shareholder-friendly ways. In terms of our financial objectives, we're confirming our previous outlook for 2014 top and bottomline growth. On the topline, our organic sales growth target remains 3% to 5%. We got solid topline momentum right now and that's driven by our targeted growth initiatives and our innovation and we expect that to continue going forward. On the bottomline, we continue to expect full year adjusted earnings per share to be in a range of $6 to $6.20. We're closely monitoring the external environment, including currency markets, commodity costs and the overall competitive and economic environment. As I'm sure most of you know, currency markets in particular have been more volatile since the beginning of the year, most notably in Latin America, Eastern Europe and the Middle East. So going forward, we're planning for currency raise to be broadly similar to spot rates that we've seen in the marketplace recently. And in terms of input cost inflation, at this point in time, it's more likely that our full year input cost would be in the upper half of our previously estimated range of $150 million to $250 million. And that's mostly due to additional inflation in some international markets, particularly in Latin America. So regardless of the environment, we're staying focused on our strategies and our plans to improve our business. We're convinced that successful execution of our global business plan will continue to result in strong returns for our shareholders. So that wraps up our prepared remarks. And now we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Hey, just a few questions, some short term, some longer term. More on kind of short and medium term, it looks like your net price of only 1% is lower than currency. Obviously it's lower than what we'd expect inflation to be globally, and we've seen this for a lot of HPC categories. Can you give us a sense of whether that's just a timing issue or do you believe some of your categories are kind of secularly deflationary here? And I guess is your pricing any different than your competition, so are you closing or expanding price gaps? And then just that gap in terms of net price versus currency and what do you expect for inflation seems to be pretty big and not closing recently?
Tom Falk: Yeah, I guess Id say Ali, if you look across our segments, I mean the only one that had negative price in the quarter was Health Care, and that's probably one that is a carryover of adjusting some of the exam glove prices related to the fall-off of synthetic nitrile. So as the commodity cost in that particular area has dropped, we've seen more price drop there. Across the balance, I would say we've done a pretty good job in K-C International of getting price to wherever there's been major currency weakness, particularly in Latin America. In North America, broadly there has been relatively little price. We've gotten a little bit in tissue through some de-sheeting and you saw that in the quarter. We've got a little bit in diapers. Again, there we got some of the count reduction. It's just starting to go into effect. We didn't get much of that in the first quarter, so you'll get a little bit more in the second quarter. And I think broadly, our strategy is to try to line up where we can and be competitive in the marketplace and then win on innovation, and that's a strategy that's worked pretty well for us over the long term.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: But it doesn't sound like you see the gap between even just currencies in your overall net price closing any time soon.
Tom Falk: Well, if you look at the amount of price that we got, it was roughly equal to the amount of cost inflation that we had in the quarter. I think it was what Paul, $60 million-ish of price and about $65 million of cost inflation. So if you just looked at those two numbers, obviously currency was a factor as well, and there was a lot of other moving parts, but those two more or less lined up.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: So two other kind of broader questions. One is if you just look at your representation online versus offline in both diapers and Consumer Tissue, in North America at least it looks not to be the same between online and offline representation for you guys, and I was just trying to get a sense of how you guys think of that channel, whether you plan to close that gap and what it's going to take to do so, so one is an online question. And then the other one, I might as well throw it in here is just over the years and decades really, you guys have as a company focused more and more on pruning some pieces of the business, Heath Care most recently, but Western Europe before that, go back to Neenah as far back as you want, I mean just along the timeframe that's been happening, do you see ever a time where you were a separate Personal Care and Consumer Tissue business just given the different trajectory those two businesses are on?
Tom Falk: I guess on the first question on the online versus offline in diapers versus tissue, I'd say the Personal Care stuff is probably a little bit more efficient to ship on an online environment. It's not to say that you won't see it in the offline or having tissue move into online as well, but I do think Personal Care, diapers in particular is a bigger item. And I think many of the online retailers want diapers for a lot of the same reasons that other retailers are focused on that category, because they want to get the young family as a regular customer. So, I remember not that many years ago when Toys"R"Us was our largest diaper customer, because they were trying to capture the young family at that point. So I guess I would say I don't expect that gap to close. I would expect diapers and Personal Care will probably be bigger online, but we'll see if we're out by everything online, then maybe that gap will eventually close. On the portfolio shaping question, we've been around for 140 years and our first product was newsprint. And so thankfully, it's people who have been shaping our portfolio for a long, long time. So at this point, I don't see a path to what you described that you break them apart. There's a lot of efficiency in going to market together. Tissue is a strong cash generator, but there are some markets in the world where we don't have a big tissue presence. Today, our business in China is predominantly Personal Care, although we've got a rapidly growing KCP business in China, which is again tissue related in many areas. So again, we think we're doing all the right things to shape the portfolio. We'll continue to challenge and test that, and we're not afraid to make calls that we think are shareholder-friendly over the long term.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Could you just talk about some of the SG&A leverage, kind of why maybe some of the incentive compensation, I don't know if it got reversed or was always based on plan and then what the advertising spending did in the quarter and if the outlook for the year is still to grow it faster than the sales?
Tom Falk: Yeah, I think on the incentive comp, last year's first quarter was a little high. And so, it's partly removing the accruals around for the three-year restricted shares, and as you start to have your performance level and plans tick up, so we topped it up a bit last year in the first quarter. This year, with some of the weakness in currency, it got reduced a little bit. So the net swing was probably a good chunk of the swing on the G&A front, but nothing fundamentally changing on the plans beyond that. And then on the advertising, we're basically down 10 basis points from last year, but up nicely sequentially. And so, we'd say last year's first quarter was the highest quarter of the year, and so we were well above the other three quarters in the first quarter. We've also got a little bit more back-end loaded innovation. So we feel pretty good about the level of spend in advertising. I think research spending was up 10 basis points in the quarter, so we continue to invest in R&D and product development.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: So the same, the guidance still prevails for advertising spending and growing faster than sales for the year?
Tom Falk: Yeah.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Is it too earlier to ask you questions about the structure of the health care spend? I mean when will we get sort of the sense for how it's going to impact earnings, what kind of leverage are you going to put on the spend, dividend back to you guys to buy back stock? Is that still premature? Can you guys give us a little bit of a hint?
Tom Falk: Yeah, I think it's probably a little early. We'll give you more color on the second quarter. The Form 10 comes out, you get a good look at the historical financials of the thing. And so you'll have a chance to do that. And we'll have more detail on what the impact is going to be. Mark mentioned some restructuring activity, what stranded cost that we have that we're going to get rid of. So we're actively working on all that stuff and we'll have more to talk about that in the second quarter call.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Can you talk a little bit in detail what you're seeing in terms of the dynamics in the tissue market? I guess last quarter, you talked about the GT kind of regaining their strides. There's maybe a little bit of messiness to some of the private label. So you're any more or less concerned with the capacity that's come on over the last year? And then looking forward, we've had a couple of announcements of new supply coming on over the next couple of years. Do you think the market will be able to support that?
Tom Falk: Yeah, I would say I feel pretty good about the capacity balance in North American tissue. At this point, if I look at the volume weakness that we had in North America in the first quarter, it was more to do with weak cold and flu season and some shortfall in facial tissue. Our continental business has done a little bit, but we had a very strong first quarter last year because of some of the challenges that GP had had. And so at this point, we feel pretty good about our innovation strategy. We launched Viva Vantage, which is a new paper towel, and that's off to a good start in the quarter. And so I think we've got a pretty big innovation portfolio. We're working across all those brands. And I'd expect to continue to drive those businesses. Growth rates, they're not going to be as high as the adult care business in North America, but we still think there is opportunity for innovation and mix accretion there.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: And just kind of taking maybe a bigger macro view, you mentioned some of the weather weakness in K-C Professional, looking through that, how confident are you on the underlying, I guess, in North America and the underlying macro environment and demand environment?
Tom Falk: Gail, I hate blaming weather for anything, because you'd like to think that our products are more essential. So I was really picking on our K-C Professional team when they were trying to explain this to me with weather. People who have didn't come to work, didn't use hand towels. People are more able to get to the welding job site didn't use our safety products. And so we really lost hours of work in the first quarter. That was a significant hit. When you talk to our distributor customers, they would say they're seeing in their numbers in the first quarter and most of those guys are not public reporters. So you may be not as able to see it as easily. And they saw the March volumes picked up and they're feeling like back to more of the underlying rate of growth in the economy. So we'll see. But we've got a pretty aggressive plan baked in to try and get as much of that back in the last nine months as we can. But some of those hours lost due to weather aren't going to be recovered.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: And then just lastly on the European restructuring, when do we comp than most of the change and when would we start to see more of a steady state [ph] comp?
Tom Falk: Really I think April was about the end of the sales cut off when we exited most of the markets. So it should be pretty well flushing through the sales decline in the second quarter numbers. Paul, that makes sense?
Paul Alexander: Yeah, I think you should expect that the second quarter will look pretty similar to the first quarter. We had about 2 points of lower sales on restructuring activities. That's likely to be about right in the second quarter and then it should basically go away.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wendy Nicholson with Citigroup.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup: My question had to with the fem care business. The tampon market shares that we're seeing in North America look terrific, but the pad market shares are not as strong. And I'm just wondering what you think that is? Are you literally searching Kotex consumers from one product to the next, or is it something that you need more innovation or different pricing in the pad market, because shares have been down there fairly steadily for a while?
Tom Falk: Yeah, if you look at our fem care share, we have been launching a lot of innovation on tampons and have got some of really unique and terrific products that are out there and doing well in the marketplace. On the pad side, we've probably lost share on our Kotex Natural Balance and have not gained at all back on U by Kotex. And so we do have some innovation coming on the pad business. And the encourage thing is a lot of that innovation is already launching in other markets outside the US. And I mentioned in my remarks that we're actually seeing double-digit growth in fem care outside the US, which is well faster than the category growing in those markets. So we're encouraged and we expect to see some better trajectory in the US later this year.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup: And can you remind which is a stronger gross margin business just in the US specifically, tampons versus pads for you?
Tom Falk: Pads is historically a stronger gross margin business for us, but we're also doing some work on our cost structure to get our tampon business more efficient going forward. And so we're hoping to close some of that gap.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup: And then my second question is just on the international statistics that you give us, China, Russia and Brazil, the volume growth in diapers. They're just so volatile quarter-to-quarter and they're all strong and are all great and sometimes they accelerate and sometimes they decelerate. But they're just so lumpy. It's hard to tell, oh, gosh, Brazil was like it slowed sequentially a lot despite any easy comp. Can you explain why those numbers are so lumpy? Is it that your market share slumps around or is it just the supply chain issue, because just month-to-month or quarter-to-quarter, it seems really hard to predict?
Tom Falk: Yeah, I would say part of it has to do with cycle of innovation. So if you looked at China, we've been growing at 40 and now I think in the first quarter, we were at 30. We were at 70-ish cities and now we got 90 by the end of last year. We went from 90 to 95 in the first quarter. So the rate of new city expansion is probably slowing a little bit, which is why those numbers are coming down. In Russia, we launched a number of diaper pant codes last year in a boy/girl format that's really taking off. And so that market ramped up from kind of high single-digits to mid-20s. And so that's probably the face of it there. In Brazil, we also have launched diaper pants and are expanding it into the Northeast part of the country. We've been represented there, but it's really we're putting more feet on the ground and more capability there. And so each market has got its own story as to what's going on. But mostly, it's broader distribution and timing of when innovation gets launched that can drive it from quarter-to-quarter.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup: But in each of those markets, you wouldn't say that either the pricing dynamic has changed? I mean we read a lot about lower price competition coming into China, but it seems like your volume growth is still strong in each of those markets broadly speaking.
Tom Falk: I mean there's a lot of competition everywhere. So in China in particular, Proctor, Unicharm, Kao are all over the mid and premium tiers. Hang On is all over the lower part of the marketplace. And so we feel like we have a winning product everyday to be able to compete and are really focused on that. Brazil, P&G is a big competitor in Brazil and Unicharm is just building a plant to launch there later this year. And so we're really trying to make sure we're driving as much innovation into the market and be prepared for that and have a very strong position in the marketplace before competition comes. In Russia, we've run into P&G as well as some other local competitors. So yeah, there is no shortage of people that want to launch everyday.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Ferrara with Wells Fargo.
Chris Ferrara - Wells Fargo: So just back to pricing on FX, just curious do you expect there to be more FX related pricing or you're taking about as much as you're comfortable with give where the stock price are today?
Tom Falk: I think that at this point, we feel like we've done a pretty good job of getting price into the marketplace, but there's also been quite a bit of volatility. If FX markets continue to move in particular markets, we won't be shy about taking additional price. And again, some of it was taken during the quarter, so may not have been fully reflected in the quarter. So you could have some rollout effect later in the year. But broadly, we've been pretty aggressive about trying to take prices as these exchange markets have moved.
Chris Ferrara - Wells Fargo: So it sounds like based on, I guess, it seems very recently a little bit more of a recovery in currencies, you've priced all that you've done it based on the recent movement in price, maybe haven't sort of annualized all of that, not annualized, but you haven't seen a lot come through yet. So it's possible next quarter has a little bit better pricing line than this quarter. Is that basically right?
Tom Falk: Yeah, that's probably right.
Chris Ferrara - Wells Fargo: (inaudible) is calling like basically $80 and $90 per ton pulp decrease, sort of by the middle of '14. It seems like both on eucalyptus and BSK. Is that in your numbers, because that way you expect to happen as well as that part of your commodity guidance?
Tom Falk: So if you look at northern softwood, which we are calling our outlook as around $1,000 a ton give or take. The March price is $1,030. Eucalyptus, we're calling that for more $800 to $830 and the March price was $870. So on average for the year, we're probably not quite as aggressive. It depends on when you assume the (inaudible) thing happens. If you average that for the year, we're probably more in line.
Chris Ferrara - Wells Fargo: And then just one last one on Venezuela. I guess that you haven't had any transactions on SICAD or SICAD II. But I'm trying to understand the rationale for staying with the less conservative 6.3 rate. Do you guys think that on a sustainable basis, 6.3 is where you will transaction and get the proponents or the majority of whatever cash you are able to get out in the market? Or do you actually believe that you will at some point see the evaluation, you just don't know what are these yet, so you're not going to take it?
Tom Falk: I don't think I can remember in my entire career a situation like this in a significant currency market where you've got a range from 6 at the rate to if you look at SICAD II it's trading at 50. And so I do think that something is going to happen to close that gap at some point, because it's not sustainable to have that kind of a spread in a marketplace. And so I'm looking at this from two perspectives, what do we need to do operate in Venezuela, so how do we set pricing, how do we import product, how do we pay the bills and manage our exposure level. So that's one set of activities. Today, we're getting all the funds related to import at least in the first quarter at the (inaudible) rate. And we're not eligible, even applied for the SICAD I rates. And so as SICAD II just started to trade, very little funds have flowed through that and it's unclear whether anybody has gotten any money out of the country using that mechanism. So we're going to continue to watch this. I would guess at some point, something is probably going to happen to narrow that gap. And in the meantime, we feel like we've given enough transparency. We'll also be filing our 10-Q today. It's the first time we filed the Q on the same day of the earnings call with a little bit more disclosure. So everyone will be able to see what our balance sheet exposure is. We've given enough information about how big it is in the income statements, about investors that want to apply different rate to those have got the ability to do that.
Chris Ferrara - Wells Fargo: And you're just following up to that? I mean it looks like Procter and Colgate basically generally it seems like for every 1 point of exposure on the topline, it's been like 1 point, bottomline ongoing exposure to the P&L. So you guys are about 2%. That would sort of make it look like an annualized 2% hit if you were at the 11.8 or whatever it is today. Does that make sense?
Tom Falk: It really depends on pricing. So I mean that's the other dimension here is that the price control of economy. And so you can make any exchange rate work if you get pricing really. And so it's a question of what way are you going to get funds and each of those individual exchange rates can you price for them in the business where there's enough margin to make sense to operate. So that's why you come back and say, if we're running all the different scenarios if we could only get money at this rate, what price level we have to achieve to have an operation that makes sense.
Operator: Our next question comes from Olivia Tong with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: First on SG&A, it sounded like in a response to a previous question that a lot of the decline year-over-year for this quarter has to do with timing of when incentive compensation hits the P&L. So first, is the big decline in SG&A margin this quarter just a matter of timing, because it seems like Health Care was clearly a major driver. It seems like margins for both Personal Care and Consumer Tissue were also up. So maybe you can give a little bit detail on what is sustainably lower in SG&A that's in the card for 2014?
Tom Falk: Yeah, it's probably more that last year's first quarter was a little high. If you're going to go look back, it was one kind of a high watermark, I think, in recent quarter as a percent of sales. And so this quarter is a little bit lower than average. And part of that was related to incentive comp was probably the biggest swing. And it was more about every quarter we're looking at our three-year forecast. We got the restricted shares that vest on three-year improvement in sales and ROIC and looking at what our plan looks like and making adjustments up or down. Last year's first quarter was a little higher. Increase in expense this year's first quarter was a small decrease in expense, and that swing drove a good share of the difference.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Do you expect for Q2 through Q4, the rest of the year, still expect SG&A to be down year-over-year?
Tom Falk: Yeah, we would say that this year should be flat to down slightly for SG&A is a good planning assumption.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And then on the topline, clearly 4%-plus organic is very solid, but you adjusted the midpoint on your range of 3% to 5% and the organic sales comps do get tougher as the year progresses. You mentioned some innovation. Can you talk about the cadence of innovation as the year progresses?
Tom Falk: Yeah, we've got a pretty full calendar around the world of diaper and fem care, adult incontinence improvements coming to market. So you'll hear more about things happening on that front. It's probably a little back-end loaded this year relative to maybe where it's been in the past, but still should see a solid progress on that front. And we feel we've got pretty good momentum happening in the business right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital Markets.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: I was wondering if you'd noticed any change in the rate of sales in Russia and Ukraine. It seems some companies report strong sales in January and February, but decline in March because of the unrest. So could you just give us some indication of the tempo of your business?
Tom Falk: We really didn't see a big impact on the business. Obviously, it's part of the world we're watching very closely and trying to make sure our people were safe and that our supply chains were secure. And we really didn't have any product supply problems. With some of the currency swing in Russia, we were able to get a little bit of price on Personal Care as it reflected some of the import portion of the materials. And I think Ukraine is a relatively small business for us, but didn't have any significant disruption there that was obvious in the numbers anyway. So no, it was a pretty solid quarter for that part of the world.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And that continues into April?
Tom Falk: No bad news so far, Connie, anyway.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: And as the Q is coming out today, could you just tell us if you quantified the impact of a move to SICAD II and what that is?
Tom Falk: We just put the dollar exposure on the balance sheet in the Q and then you can apply whatever rate to it that you'd like.
Paul Alexander: As a reminder, in 2013, Venezuela was about 2% of our total consolidated sales and about 3% of adjusted operating profit.
Operator: Our next question comes from Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research: I would like to come back to the competition pricing environment. In the US, track data shows share losses related to Procter. So what happened after you did the change in diaper count. If you were losing share when you had more diapers per pack, do you think that what would be the impact of effectively increasing prices in the US if you're losing share to Procter right now? And that would be question one. And question two, you referred to Mexico last conference call and the income was down way beyond what the peso would suggest. So would assume the pricing environment in Mexico continues to be aggressive. So if you can give us an update on Mexico as well.
Tom Falk: On the diaper question, in the US, and so basically if you look year-on-year in the quarter, we're probably down a couple of share points on Huggies. Most of that is lost to Luvs. So Pampers has basically been about flat. And so sequentially our diaper shares are actually up just a tick, but relatively flat in this environment. And so as we look at the price change roll into the marketplace, we fully realize it on the super-premium part of the lineup that competes most with Pampers and we're only taking a part of the increase on the main line to try to narrow the gap with Luvs, because Luvs did fully participate in the price count change that went into effect in the fourth quarter. So we're hoping we can actually narrow the price gap a bit with Luvs on the main line business and line up on the premium business. On the Mexico question, K-C Mexico is going to announce earnings later this week. And so I'll let them give you a little bit more color on their call. I guess I would say broadly economic conditions in Mexico continue to be challenging with less growth overall in the economy than forecasted. And they had a fairly challenging fourth quarter. And I'd say some of the same challenges that they had in the fourth quarter seem to continue into the first quarter. But the team down there is committed to continue to improve their business and they've got a solid track record and they'll deliver improved results in the back half for the year.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research: One more thing would be Venezuela situation. It seems like you flag it as a driver of topline growth this quarter. Could you tell us why was it up? It is like Wendy said it has to do with the volatility of the year ago, if you can tell us what was the organic volume growth or sales growth in Venezuela. I imagine that you don't have any pricing. And if it is significant, why was it up so much if you can explain that?
Tom Falk: It's pretty simple, Javier. If we get letters of credit to bring product and we bring it in and sell it in the marketplace. If we don't, we don't. And so in the fourth quarter, we got quite a few letters of credit. We brought the product in, in the first quarter and sold it through in the marketplace. And it was probably more heavily oriented to bath tissue. And so if you look at our international tissue growth in the Consumer Tissue category, it was probably more driven by Venezuela this quarter than it would have been in the past. If you look at the total K-C International topline, it was probably a couple of points of extra boost to the K-C International topline in the quarter, but that would be more the nature of it.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research: Would it be kind of a 30%, 40% growth in Venezuela?
Tom Falk: I don't have the numbers in front of me. We can give you more detail. But it's a couple of percent of our sales. And K-C International was 39% of our overall sales. So you can kind of figure out. You can get close enough to the math, I would guess.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: First question is you did call out a pretty significantly sized, I guess, charge tied to Middle East regulation and maybe I missed it. But could you tell us what's going on there and is this truly one-time or is there something going on that could impact how we should look at the business there?
Tom Falk: Obviously it's one-time in the sense that we hope that doesn't happen again, but it's also one of the things you're planning around the world that the governments can adopt unusual tax positions that you didn't expect. And I'll have Mark give you a little bit more color. But essentially, we put capital into a market and the government decided to apply a value-added tax to that capital contribution. We obviously disagreed, but we lost the court case. So we booked a non-recurring charge.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: I know this dances around quite a bit, but anything else you can tell us about the other income expense line. As I look at it sort of the recurring component of that, it was about $18 million. Was there anything that you would call out that would have explained that being so high this quarter?
Tom Falk: Yeah, it was all currency transactional losses and probably heavily oriented to the Ukraine and I think there was the other market, Argentina. So wherever you saw big currency ships and we had a dollar-based payable, you wind up taking a hit on the transactional currency line. You can't hedge some of these markets effectively. And so that flows through other income and expense.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: I know we're going to get more data or detail on the Health Care and I know it was probably down a bit last year, but certainly was a great swing year-over-year. Do you think you'll see year-over-year profits go up every quarter this year? I know the third quarter is tougher comparison. And I'm not trying to pin you down, but sort of getting an idea of how sustainable this improvement is.
Tom Falk: Well, we're off to a good start, no question. They had some one-timers that went against them. Last year in the first quarter, they probably had a couple of things that broke their way this year's first quarter. So I wouldn't necessary apply this margin rate to the full year. They're probably a little ahead of expectation. So I think the good news is, is that while we're doing all this work to get ready for the spin, the business is continuing to operate and execute in a very effective level and they had a solid first quarter overall top and bottomline.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: And then lastly, I know there is a corporate expense when you strip out the one-time items, was down quite a bit. And I was imagining maybe pension is helping you there. But should we see that continue to be down year-over-year throughout the year on that line?
Tom Falk: It's probably not so much pension helping us, Chip, as the other incentive comp that we talked about earlier that was in there last year and that was high last year and down this year.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: And so how should we think about the rest of the year? I guess it's a function of the stock and earnings.
Tom Falk: I'd say broadly, it'd probably fall the similar G&A guidance, but it's flat to down slightly.
Operator: At this time, we have no other questioners in the queue.
Paul Alexander: All right. Thank you, David. We will wrap up with a comment from Tom.
Tom Falk: So once again, solid first quarter, lots of things going on in the business. And we appreciate your support of Kimberly-Clark. Thanks very much.
Paul Alexander: Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's presentation. You may disconnect your phone lines and thank you for joining us this morning.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Alexander - Vice President, Investor Relations Tom Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Mark Buthman - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mike Azbell - Vice President and Controller 
Analysts:  Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein Gail Glazerman - UBS Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Chris Ferrara - Wells Fargo Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Caroline Levy  CLSA Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital  
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience in holding. We now have your presenters in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of this mornings presentation, we will open the lines for your questions. At that time, instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow, if youd like to ask a question. It is now my pleasure to introduce todays first presenter, Mr. Paul Alexander. 
Paul Alexander: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clarks year-end earnings conference call. Here in Dallas with me today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO; and Mike Azbell, Vice President and Controller. Here is the agenda for our call. Mark will begin with a review of our 2013 results focusing mostly on the full year. Tom will then provide his perspectives on our results and also the outlook for 2014. Well finish with Q&A. We have a presentation of todays materials in the Investors section of our website. That presentation in this mornings earnings news release, both include our detailed planning assumptions for 2014. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the Risk Factors section of our last Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. We will also be referring to adjusted results and outlook, both excludes certain items described in this mornings news release. The release has further information on these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. And now, Ill turn it over to Mark. 
Mark Buthman: Thanks Paul and good morning. Lets start with some headlines for the full year. First, we achieved organic sales growth of 4% and was highlighted by strength in K-C International. Second, we increased adjusted earnings per share of 10% driven by organic sales growth and strong cost savings. And third, we delivered a strong year of overall capital management. Now, lets cover the details of our results. Fourth quarter sales were $5.3 billion that was even with the prior year, that brought full year sales to $21.2 billion also even with year ago. If you exclude currency and restructuring impacts, our organic sales were up 5% in the quarter and 4% for the full year. Our momentum in K-C International continues to be strong as organic sales were up 11% in the fourth quarter and 9% for the full year. Fourth quarter adjusted gross margin was 34.4% with the full year at 34.5%. Its up 70 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted operating margin was 15.8% in the fourth quarter and 15.7% for the full year, thats up 90 basis points compared to prior year. We delivered $310 million of FORCE cost savings in 2013, the second highest amount we have ever achieved. We expect to continue our momentum going forward and are targeting to deliver at least $300 million of cost savings in 2014. We absorbed $205 million of input cost inflation in 2013 that was right in line with our expectations. Currencies were also a drag on earnings. Translation was a $70 million negative and transaction effects were also unfavorable. Fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share were $1.44 bringing our full year to $5.77, thats up 10% year-on-year slightly above the top end of our long-term target and well above our original guidance range for the year. Our balance sheet and cash generation were healthy and we continue to allocate capital in shareholder friendly ways. Cash from operations was more than $3 billion, now thats down somewhat year-on-year as we expected with higher tax payments and then cash cost especially with the strategic changes that we have implemented in Europe. We had a great year driving down primary working capital. Cash conversion cycle improved six days in 2013. We expect a further one to two day improvement in 2014. Return on invested capital also improved significantly climbing 150 basis points to 17.5% for the year. We are targeting a further 20 to 40 basis point improvement in 2014. We returned $2.4 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. For 2014, we expect to repurchase $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion of KMB stock. Regarding the dividends, we expect an increase of 2% to 4% in 2014 that will allow us to maintain an appropriate payout ratio following the expected spin-off of our healthcare business later this year. In the future after this year we would expect our dividend increases to return to being broadly in line with growth in our adjusted earnings per share. Our credit metrics and financial position are strong, were confident in our outlook. As a result were planning for a modest increase in leverage in 2014. Now I will briefly recap segment results for the year. In Personal Care organic sales rose 5%; performance was led by K-C International with organic sales up 9%. Full year Personal Care operating margins were solid at 17.8% to an increase of 50 basis points year-on-year. Moving to Consumer Tissue, organic sales were up 5% that was driven by a 9% increase in K-C International and a 3% improvement in North America. Consumer Tissue operating margins of 14.9% were up a 130 basis points building further on our progress over the last two years. Turning to K-C Professional, organic sales increased 3%. Organic sales improved 9% in K-C International and were up slightly in North America and Europe. Our KCP team continues to deliver strong margin improvement despite relatively modest demands in our developed markets. For the year margins were 18.3% it's up a 170 basis points year-on-year and lastly healthcare organic sales rose 1% for the year driven by higher volumes at our Medical Device business. Healthcare operating margins were 14.2% were up 10 basis points year-over-year. Now speaking to healthcare let me touch briefly on the potential spin-off of that business. Were making good progress analyzing the implications of the spin. Were preparing (indiscernible) our financial statements and plans for separation. We expect to seek approval from our Board in the second quarter to proceed with the execution and the spin-off and we continue to expect the spin-off to be completed by the end of the third quarter of 2014 of course subject to market regulatory and other conditions. So that wraps up my comments. To recap we achieved solid organic sales growth in 2013. We delivered strong bottom-line growth and we allocated capital and shareholder friendly ways. Now I will turn it over to Tom. 
Tom Falk: Thanks Mark and good morning everyone. I will share my perspectives on our full year results first and then I will address our outlook for 2014. So starting with 2013 overall Im very happy with the results that we delivered last year in a challenging environment. As Mark just mentioned we delivered organic sales growth of 4% and thats right in line with our long term target of 3% to 5%. K-C International had another great year at 9% organic sales growth that made excellent progress on the targeted growth initiatives. For example in diapers our organic sales were up more than 35% last year in China and about 20% in both Brazil and Russia and results in all three countries benefited from products innovation. In China our Huggies diapers are now being sold in about 90 cities and were targeting to be in more than a 100 cities by the end of 2014. Couple of our growth initiatives in KCI were adult care and baby wipes and in both of those areas organic sales grew at double digit rates in KCI this year. In feminine care our organic sales rose high single digits in KCI. We had a very strong year in fem care in Latin America and we continue to benefit from the roll-out of some of our premium product variations similar to U by Kotex in the U.S. K-C Professional organic sales were up high single digits in K-C International and were growing there as industrialization and economic development roll-out across those regions. So overall Im very encouraged by the progress were making in K-C International and that part of the business now makes up 39% of our total company sales. In North America we drove solid sales growth and we launched innovations on several brands including the Depend, Poise, U by Kotex and Cottonelle. On Huggies diapers our innovation, marketing and promotion strategies led to some improved performance in the back half of the year and slightly higher volumes for the year in total. Our North American brands are healthy overall. We had market shares that were up or even with the prior year in 7 of our 8 major categories. In terms of profitability and bottom-line growth in 2013, we had margins improve in North America and Europe in K-C International and they also increased in all four business segments. This broad-based improvement is a sign of a healthy business. Im pleased that we delivered 10% growth and adjusted earnings per share. Thats our best performance since we launched the global business plan more than 10 years ago. Finally as Mark has already highlighted, we continue to operate with financial discipline. We delivered significant FORCE cost savings last year. We improved our working capital and ROIC. And we returned substantial cash to our shareholders. So overall, we delivered on our commitments in 2013 and we have got good momentum going forward. So lets move to our outlook for 2014. We will continue to focus on delivering a healthy growth model and leveraging our financial discipline. That means we plan to drive the top line with growth initiatives and innovations to increase margins behind strong cost savings to continue to invest in our brands, to improve our return on invested capital and to improve our cash flow. And now, in terms of our specific targets, on the top line, we expect organic sales to grow by 3% to 5%, including another year of high single-digit growth, organic growth in K-C International. We will launch a number of new innovations in KCI, including diaper and feminine care upgrades in Brazil, China and Russia. We also expect to make further progress expanding our adult care, baby wipes in K-C Professional businesses internationally. We have got a strong innovation pipeline coming in North America. In a near-term that includes activity on Huggies diapers and baby wipes, our GoodNites youth pants, Depend briefs and Viva towels. To support our brands and growth initiatives, we will increase advertising and research and development spending faster than sales. On the bottom line, we are targeting adjusted earnings per share in the range of $6 to $6.20, thats up 4% to 7% year-on-year. Our plan includes a 3 to 4 point drag from negative currency translation as a result of the stronger U.S. dollar. So taking that into account, our underlying growth is solidly in line with or even slightly ahead of our long-term objective. As usual, our plan is based on forward currency exchange rates. We have also assumed some bottom line negative impact in Venezuela from either a currency devaluation or ongoing market volatility. We have assumed the commodity cost inflation this year will be similar to last year in the range of $150 million to $250 million. We expected adjusted earnings per share will be higher in the second half of 2014 as compared to the first half. Recent spot currency exchange rates are already broadly consistent with what we expect for the full year and the benefits of price increases, our growth initiatives and our cost savings program will layer in as the year progresses. Finally, we will continue to focus on cash generation and capital allocation in 2014. Cash provided by operations should increase nicely year-on-year driven by earnings growth and lower restructuring payments and well allocate about $2.5 billion to dividends and share repurchases, which represents a cash return of about 6% based on our current market capitalization. So to summarize, our financial performance was excellent in 2013. Our business fundamentals are healthy and improving and we are optimistic about our plans for 2014 and the opportunities that we have to deliver attractive returns to our shareholders. So that wraps up our prepared remarks. And now we will begin to take your questions. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, at this time the floor is now open for your questions. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein. 
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Hi guys. 
Tom Falk: Good morning Ali. 
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Hey, a few things to think about. One is in terms of competition, we heard for example from K-C de Mexico yesterday and actually (indiscernible) again we have had increased competition in Mexico. We are hearing hopefully hang on re-launch more directly with (indiscernible) on the horizon. Can you give us a sense of the competitive situation right now and what you anticipate both in personal care and consumer tissue and if there are any particular hotspots to think about what it was? 
Tom Falk: Thats a fair question. Yes, I think that there is everyday somebody gets up and wants to eat our launch, Ali. So we know we have to be moving pretty fast on innovation and cost savings and other things to continue to deliver the kind of results that we posted this year. And Mark and I were just in Mexico on Tuesday and spent some time with Pablo and the team down there. And it was a tough competitive quarter, lot of price investment that didnt yield a lot of volume improvement for anybody. And so I think they will have a challenging start to 2014, but they have got a lot of innovation coming. And then in the end, thats what usually drives on that front. Globally, from the competitive standpoint in personal care, we probably look at Unicharm as one thats more aggressive in moving outside of Japan into other markets. We know that they are going to be launching some new products in Brazil. We believe they are and were preparing for that with a lot of innovation and a lot of improvement in our business there to be ready for their launch. So thats one that we watch as probably Unicharm and lots of places and they tend to play more in the premium end of the category where we tend to play as well. China has gotten more competitive broadly it's not just hang on; I mean I would say in the Personal Care space. Procter is aggressive, Unicharm is aggressive, Kao is in there through ecomm [ph]. So it's a relatively growing market and were doing pretty well over there but we know we got to continue to drive innovating in China to make sure we keep the momentum that we have got on that front. Broadly in the U.S. that would be the typical player so Procter would be one that we would see but on the other hand you got Energizer just bought J&Js Fem Care business and so were watching to see what happens as they observe that and do some things to change the trajectory if that does. So lots of competition in Personal Care and I would say we feel like we have got good innovation coming to weather the storm. On the tissue front we have a lot of regional competitors as well. The FCA Vinda deal in China were not a big tissue player in China so that one is really not one that I worry too much about. CMPC, a Chilean Company is big in tissue in Chile in the Southern Cone but they are growing out of the Southern Cone and doing some things in Brazil. They are part of the challenge that we see in Mexico and we watch those guys pretty closely as well. In North America you know it's us, Procter and GP and private label and private label is probably the most aggressive competitor. Last GP had some challenges early in the year which clearly benefited our start to 2013 in the North American tissue category and they are now back in normal supply and so we won't have that tailwind and they will be a tougher competitor going into the year but we have gotten, again got a lot of good things happening with improvements on Cottonelle. Some big news on Viva on a stronger Kleenex line-up again. So maybe more than youre looking for Ali but lots going on competitively around the world. 
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein:
 : 
Tom Falk: No I mean like I said two things one is we have a really strong innovation lineup coming so that makes me feel pretty good about how we will fair versus competition. Were actually seeing some of the currency movement in some places, some competitors taking price up in some markets which thats also things that typically happen on a normal competitive cycle. So that would be a positive. On the other hand we know we have got lots of good companies that would like to take some of our market share and so were not going to give that up easily and were going to be competitive and make sure we get at least our fair share of the growth on these markets and to answer your question directly I mean I would say this is not that different from what you normally see in the competitive environment, maybe a little bit more intense with a few more global players coming at you but I would say Ive also seen more aggressive periods in my career. So it's not out of the line of reason here. 
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: So one thing that is different and you guys reported and gave your commodity guidance and swift [ph] from NBSK to eucalyptus in your explicit guidance and can you help us think through that. Is that something you guys are equally capable of doing, is the range given on eucalyptus taking into account some of the increases we have seen in Latin America and Spain in December and January and where do you think that trajectory is? So just a little bit more about that particular commodity, does it change things competitive with you? 
Tom Falk: We have been doing this internally for a while because Northern Softwood has not been, has been a shrinking part of our fiber mix for many years and now eucalyptus is the largest single grade that we buy and so we actually thought it will be better disclose before investors and now that that information is a little bit more readily available or Northern Softwood was kind of the benchmark that everyone tracked and so we track both internally obviously but eucalyptus is probably the one thats a bigger driver and it's going to have more of an impact as you try to model our cost going forward and so were calling it in the 800 to 830 range. It's that 860 right now so we would say yeah were going to have a little bit of headwind in the start of the year but our guys look at the Reese [ph] forecast and think they have got it right, but you will see weaken a little bit later in the year and we will see what happens. Obviously, currency can have a role to play there if the Brazilian real goes south in a hurry, you may not see as much downside there, but we will see what happens. 
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS. 
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Hi, good morning. 
Tom Falk: Good morning Gail. 
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Maybe just sticking on pulp for a minute, do you have opportunities if the new capacity really pressures hardwood a lot to increase the share of eucalyptus that you are using or you view it pretty much there like what you can? 
Tom Falk: We have been slowly increasing them. And this is probably more a detail than you want, but two grades of fiber perform a different role in the make the tissue. So northern softwood actually provides strength and eucalyptus provides softness. And so we have been trying to do a better job of making tissue strong while using more eucalyptus to make it even softer. And so thats more of the reason why we shifted. Its been of a price fiber driven grade. Its more  we are trying to deliver soft tissue and still deliver enough strength, so that it performs well. And so thats more of the function than anything else. We keep driving it that way. And there is a limit as to how far you can go at some point. You will have to have some string fiber in the mix. 
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay. And I appreciate the comments on the competitive environment that maybe just taking a step up, could you give some comments in terms of what you are seeing and in terms of just underlying demand in some of your core markets? Are you any more optimistic about changes in China? And are you finally seeing signs of the churn in birth rates in the U.S.? 
Tom Falk: Id say, in China, we have the drag in year babies that all were born. And that probably boosted the category, the last 12 to 18 months or so, that because trainees train their babies quicker than they do in the U.S. that will roll off. So the category growth in 14 probably wont be as robust, but we got a lot of innovation coming. We still got a lot of category penetration opportunity and we will be expanding our geography. And so as a 35% growth that we had on average last year in China and we slowed down in the fourth quarter, I think it was low 20s. And so you will probably model a slightly lower growth rate in China, but still pretty healthy relative to everywhere else in the world. In the U.S., the birth rate has been pretty stable, I mean, its not getting worse, its not getting usually better. So we are still right around 1.7, 1.8ish kind of a rate and we are not seeing much on the consumer confidence front thats pushing it hard. I think we talked in the past, its a bit related to consumer confidence and employment levels and those are getting slightly more positive, but not enough that we are seeing it drive the growth rate significantly. 
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay. And can you just, I guess, you mentioned negative pricing in the personal care segment in the U.S., can you just talk a little bit about what was driving that? 
Tom Falk: Yes, we did kind of a switch in the marketing mix a bit in the quarter. We started this really in the second half, where we essentially shifted some money from couponing the trade. We wanted to be bit more competitive on shelf every day. And so you saw a negative price, but then you also saw positives in between the lines on strategic marketing and so really thats more couponing related. We spent about the same level of advertising broadly across the company for the year. I think advertising spend as a percent of sales was down 10 basis points, some of that was productivity related, where we did better on immediate buying. But in the fourth quarter on baby child care, it was more of a switch from consumer promotion to trade and we saw that in kind of mid-single digit volume growth for Huggies. 
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay. And just last question, consumer tissue has pretty robust earnings in the quarter, and I am just wondering what you attribute that to as there was some reference to lower spending in that category, was that the big driver, was it the price benefit from the de-sheeting? 
Tom Falk: So I mean it was pretty good de-sheeting benefits that flowed through. And so that way we show that it shows a negative volume and positive price and that was part of it, but good cost savings broadly. And so I think that was solid quarter. And again, we are encourage by the progress we have made in consumer tissue over the last several years of consistent margin improvement to get it back to kind of the mid-teens levels. 
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay, thank you. 
Tom Falk: Thanks Gail. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research. 
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research: Hi good morning everyone. I have a question actually you alluded earlier with Ali, but will like to have kind of like a little bit more color on the U.S. When you look at 
Tom Falk: I gave Ali all the color I have. 
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research: Yeah lets see if you can give me a little bit of more contrast. Is it specific with the private label growth the volume growth that at least we see in the mid-teens in track channels, right? And to what extend given that each part of you and Procter and Georgia-Pacific and private label pretty much have the same market share. Is it a concern or not that the growth of the private label would may undermine the pricing architecture of the tissue category to the extent that people are going into private label, into the teens in terms of volume. 
Tom Falk: Yeah I would say private label growth of that level is always a concern. You saw when GP had some of their problems early in the year they actually ceded shelf space to private label and some retailers and so when you get more distribution in a lot of these accounts that directly drives volume and velocity in share and so the good news is that our shares were pretty stable in this environment and but it's also one that you worry about from a category dynamic standpoint and we got to make sure that were doing the right job of delivering value with our brands across Cottonelle, and Scott and Viva and Kleenex to make sure that consumers know that were going to take good care of them and their family. So we feel pretty good about the momentum that we have got overall with tissue and a lot of good things coming but were watching the private label situation carefully. 
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research: Tom the other question has to do with the change in packaging that my understanding they want to be implementing in diapers in the U.S. My understanding is, is it not that youre going to be reducing the number of diapers this quarter or have you already done that? What is the initial reaction from the consumer standpoint if you can give us an update on that? 
Tom Falk: Yeah I mean our primary competitor as you probably know did that change in the fourth quarter and it takes a little while to convert your lines over to the new counts and so we will be following that in the first quarter. I think we start shipping those in February and again not much consumer reaction that we can tell in the fourth quarter. Unusually what happens in this kind of process where you do a count reduction you wind up with a small household inventory decline because on average youre buying fewer diapers and so you typically see a little bit of a category dip for a while but we didnt actually see that in the fourth quarter. Overall the category was up a little bit more than normal so thats one thing we will watch as we roll through that in the first quarter. 
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research: And finally on China, I dont know whether I missed it or not but it seems like you didnt mention or at least I didnt hear it further expansion in Chinese cities, I think that you mentioned the support [ph] that you now have but are you continued taking expansion further into this less developed cities or that is something that is behind you? 
Tom Falk: Were at about 90 cities now we will be in more than 100 by the end of 2014 and again these are all pretty big cities too. They are all over a million people. So it's a pretty amazing place as Im sure you know and so there is great expansion coming on these deal so had a big fem care launch in China in the fourth quarter thats going well and so we will be expanding not just our geographic representation but also building our portfolio beyond the huge healthcare as we have got lots of things we can do in feminine care and ultimately adult care in China. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank. 
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Did I hear you say that you reflected some Venezuela impact in guidance? Can you just talk about kind of what you were assumptions were and maybe there is any Argentina impact in there as well? 
Tom Falk: We did reflect some Venezuela income statement impact in guidance. We did not try to predict of what it's deval would be or what happened. We essentially said that something is probably going to happen in Venezuela whether we cant exchange at the level we got in 2013. If they dont devalue or if they do devalue we will have a translation hit and it also depends on what happens with price control. So there is a number of different variables and so we assumed we would make less money in Venezuela in 2014 than we did in 2013. We made a little less in 2013 than we did in 2012. So thats we probably took a little bit of an adjustment for that. And in Argentina, we look at forward exchange rates at the time we have rolled the guidance together and make a guess on where thats going to go. So we have a prediction of some currency weakening in Argentina. If you look at current spot rates, I dont know, where they are this morning, but as of yesterday that would be worse than what we have in our guidance, but thats again a low single-digit percentage of our overall business. And I dont think we would have any adjustment for that in our outlook at this point in time. 
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Great, thank you so much. And do you think you should have a price down there, because last time we all kind of got hand rung about whats going to go on in Argentina, Venezuela, it seemed like everybody is kind of priced through it? Is that still an option now or is that kind off the table? 
Tom Falk: Yes. We have an excellent team in Argentina. And if you are able to launch innovation, you are often able to couple pricing with that and that team has been able to pull forward innovation and get some pricing to offset the impact of inflation in that market at least partially and they have also been terrific about making sure their existing tax sizes and then having a relevant offer for the consumer that is a little squeezed on what they are able to spend. So we actually had a pretty good year overall in Argentina and we would obviously like even better margins and like to continue to grow even faster, but in the environment that they are in, they executed at a pretty high level. 
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Great, thanks. And then just to sort of follow-up on the personal care stuff, I mean, the 16.5% operating margin in the quarter, I mean, sort of both neutral, is that kind of the new level of operating margin to the business, because I always thought that personal care should always sort of be structurally higher than personal care, all things being equal on the sort of commodity neutral basis and just tell me if I am wrong there? 
Tom Falk: Yes. I would look more at the full year margins for all of the segments. That was a better precursor. Fourth quarter, you have passive write-offs and other things that you do, trade promotion accrual. So there is couple of things that probably pushed personal care a little lower than the normal average and probably pushed tissue a little higher than the normal average, but thats why I think the full year number is more representative and then we would look to build from there. I still believe that if you look at 2014, we will have a full year of our exit from Europe, which will be a margin improvement. We have got some price coming in the first quarter in North America, which will help. And so there is a lot of things that would indicate that we should get some margin improvement in personal care off the 2013 average in 2014. 
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then just one last quick one from Mark, I mean, how do we think about the spin off now in terms of the dividend thats coming back to Kimberly, because I know you are only growing the dividend 2% to 4% because of some of the loss cash flow from the healthcare spend, but it was my understanding that there is an option there to put some extra debt on the businesses its been, I mean, that might come back in, you could just buyback stock or payout a special dividend. Is that still within your consideration? 
Mark Buthman: Yes, I mean thats all part of planning, I mean, typically on a spend I think the way we framed our dividend is pretty typical you kind of reorient the new size of your expected balance sheet. And I would expect to capitalize the new company in a way thats appropriate for its business and its not unlikely that you would have a one-time dividend to come back. You think about the way we think about cash flow. 
Tom Falk: That maybe more of accelerated share repurchase. 
Mark Buthman: Yes, yes. 
Tom Falk: I dont think we are going to do a special dividend, Bill. 
Mark Buthman: No. 
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay, got you. But you are going to use the money to give it back to shareholders when it comes back in, because it seemed like there is a capital requirements or anything? 
Mark Buthman: Yes, absolutely. 
Tom Falk: We dont keep extra cash on the balance sheet. So we will pay it as we always. 
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Perfect, thanks for your time. 
Tom Falk: Thanks. 
Mark Buthman: Thanks Bill. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Olivia Tong with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to what  within your 3% to 5% total growth rate for the company thats planned for 2014, what are your  what are you expecting for developed versus developing market growth? 
Mark Buthman: Its similar to where we were this year kind of high single-digit organic growth for K-C International and low single-digit organic growth in North America as you look at whats going on in that front. So and Europe would be relatively flat, maybe a little bit  maybe similar to North America. 
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. And then on gross margin, you posted solid gross margin improvement this year despite obviously some raw material and FX headwinds, so with that backdrop, can you give some color on where you think the opportunity is for gross margin, not just for 2014, but also long-term and how does it breakout between savings and leverage versus mix from both the category and geographic perspective? 
Tom Falk: Yes, I mean I think lot of levers that we are looking at for gross margin. Innovation and mix are two at the top-line level that are really rich opportunities for us as we continue to grow personal care, as we continue to grow into higher margin segments things like in the adult care space, baby wipes et cetera. Those can provide a nice uplift to gross margin. On the cost savings front and again next year it will be a second year in a row that were in the 300 million plus range and ahead of inflation so thats another boast from a gross margin standpoint. Were still getting very good productivity growth, were still rolling at our global procurement capability. Were still working on specification changes to make sure were getting good value for all the components that go into the product and all those things should drive a robust cost savings culture going forward and so were pretty encouraged that we can continue to deliver that. There is a little bit of a drag from geographic mix as K-C Internationals gross margins are on average lower than North America but if you look last year overall I think on the operating margin standpoint the K-C International is probably less than a 10 basis point drag. So that really wasnt the big negative force for us overall. 
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And just lastly appreciate the color on first half very second half and fully understand that you dont provide quarterly guidance but given that youve got a pretty tough comp in Q1 with the (indiscernible) comp and then just also disruptions at GP last year that helped you, can you talk a little bit more about the changes [ph] of quarterly earnings for 2014 and do you expect Q1 to post year-over-year EPS growth? 
Tom Falk: Yeah were not going to give quarterly earnings guidance as we said so I guess I think from what we told you going in the first quarter were going to have some headwinds and some tailwinds. So clearly currency will be a headwind versus last year, pulp cost would be higher in fact higher than our full year average. On the other hand were going to get some price in some categories. So we had a very strong start last year and we know it's a tough comp to lap so I wouldnt be surprised if we were down a little bit in the first quarter but we expect to see again were comfortable with the overall guidance for the year and the second half will probably be a little bit better than the first half. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Ferrara with Wells Fargo. 
Chris Ferrara - Wells Fargo: Can you help I guess reconcile some of the personal care emerging markets growth numbers that youre seeing with I guess what are the most readily available data points on what market growth rate and Kimberly growth rates. I guess you guys are putting up faster growth numbers in diverse in China and everywhere else and yields since then [ph] and totally appreciating their differences. Can you just kind of help us reconcile that a little bit to sort of you will elevate the concern that there are warehouse is full of diapers back somewhere in China. Can you just kind of address that? 
Tom Falk: Yeah Im pretty sure thats not the case. Im pretty sure that people dont want to take positions in high cube items like this but couple of things first of all the international market share data is not as well developed as North America. In North America you have much more coverage and much more scanned outlets and it's still a good part of the emerging markets that is in the traditional trade which is not well covered as really a sample at best. And so we have even seen some disconnect since some markets were, you know Russia were up 20% in diapers this year if you looked at it I think the Nielsen surely would say we lost share and yet the category didnt grow 20%. Category in Russia was probably up 12% and so but they only cover maybe three quarters of the outlets at best and so emerging market it is a little tough to get benchmarks on whats going on but generally I would say in markets like Russia, China, Brazil were growing faster than the category and in China and forget it's a geographic expansion. We continue to drive innovation and grow in multiple tiers. It is a good part of it, but were also driving a lot in some of untrack channels. So ecomm [ph] in China for example is a big driver of that category. In Argentina we are very big in the (indiscernible) which are the small diaper stores and those arent really attract Nielsen channel and if you go to Brazil were doing well in (indiscernible) and thats not a channel thats tracked as readily as some of the modern trade would be and so I dont worry too much about that but it does making it a little tougher for outsiders to get a good benchmark on that?
Chris Ferrara - Wells Fargo: Thats really helpful. I appreciate it. And I guess just one other on a totally different note, I mean, look you endured years and years of pretty nasty part of the inflation and if we all really moving into a period where that sort of inflation is going to be more benign, I guess one, how does it affect if at all, how you think about managing your business and managing innovation for that matter? And then I guess when you sight innovation and new product development as a way to drive gross margin, because it sounds sort of like structurally from a benchmarking perspective you dont view your gross margin that is too low for the type of businesses you are in? Is that right? And do you see an opportunity for Kimberly to be significantly higher in gross margin over time, maybe even getting to 40% at some point? 
Tom Falk: Yes. No, I think that Mark and I still have scarred from those commodity battles. So I wouldnt say that we have totally forgotten what that felt like, but the good news is in past years if you had $250 million of commodity inflation, we were a $100 million to $150 million cost savings kind of company that you wound up with a big problem. Now that we are delivering more consistently on the cost savings front, we are probably feeling a little bit more confident that we can handle some of the swings in commodity costs a bit easier. We are also seeing as you get better innovation, you got more opportunity for pricing power in many of these markets as well. And so that is another lever that we can pull in some markets to be able to offset that. And so given your question on gross margin, absolutely we would love to continue to build gross margin and we do think that gives you the franchise value that drives multiple over time. And it is a metric that we are focused on internally as well as operating margin. 
Chris Ferrara - Wells Fargo: Thank you. 
Tom Falk: Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. 
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays: Thanks. Actually I had wanted to ask about FORCE, that kind of asked question with a perfect lead-in, the acceleration that you are delivering on FORCE savings overall and another big year expected from 14, it will be great if you could tell us a little bit about what kinds of new programs or areas you have been kind of driving into to drive these incremental savings and how the numbers are getting bigger and bigger when  for companies its been added for so long if anything you start to  one would start to worry that it gets tougher to find savings not easier? Thanks. 
Tom Falk: Thats a great question, Lauren. And I think thats probably a traditional way of thinking about it and we have actually tried to turn that around and really look for all the opportunities or areas we would have and we have still have big gaps within our best performing operations and our weakest performing operations. And thats goal that we can go turn in the value. We are doing a lot to build capability for around lean continuous improvement across the company. We are doing a much better job of benchmarking and understanding what the drivers are of performance at our best performing units and then transferring those best practices at a faster pace. We talked about global procurement. We are just getting better purchasing capability in market and leveraging the scale of Kimberly-Clark better across the organization. We are doing better in design for values that we are putting the components in the product that the consumer cares about and that drives the performance, but those ones that dont move the needle there is a way to substitute or use less. So we are getting better at that. And I think the vision that our operators have now is much bigger than it ever was. They have a got a robust pipeline of areas to go look and they are even more confident that we can bring that value to the bottom line. And thats exciting for us and we also look at other companies out there like Colgate who has been a phenomenal company at this and they are a smaller company than we are. And I think they are delivering $400 million on a smaller cost base than we are. And so while we had ourselves in the back for getting the $300 million, we also know that there is other better benchmarks out there and we shouldnt be satisfied and thats the healthy way for us to approach it. 
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays: Thats great. Thank you. And then also the commentary on increasing advertising spending next year granted we would all prefer to see advertising go up than down, but I think that was interesting that, that was, I mean, you specifically mentioned in the release even when this year with advertising dollars flatter, I guess, it was down as a percentage of sales, your sales were so strong. So why the decision to put more money back in? Do you think you really get an incremental lift? Is it just a rising competitive environment or was it a  we have pretty good visibility on cost savings and like what else should we do with the money? 
Tom Falk: No, really  it really is more built up from the business unit innovation plans and in terms of looking at what they need to spend. Also looking at that outlook for competitive activity. So we talked a little bit about, we know we got Unicharm coming in Brazil so we have got additional investment there. Were launching fem care in China so we have got additional investment there and so we really do look at it more strategically around what are our innovation plans, what are our competitive activity thats planned and build the plan that way. I would say this year we got a little bit more cost savings in the marketing area than we have got in the past. So we did, we turned our purchasing team loose on media buying and we have freed up a lot more money than we had in the plan and that helped our overall cost savings number but it actually instead of showing up in cost of sales and gross margin it showed, some of it showed up in the strategic A&P line and so that helped us basically give more coverage for the same dollars this year. 
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays: And then just finally following up the fem care launch in China. How many cities were you targeting initially? Is the strategic there to do as you have done with diapers like come in at the super premium and then move down market? If you can just tell us a little bit more that would be great. 
Tom Falk: Yeah we have been in China in fem care for a long, long time. It's really a relaunch, we have had some different brands that we got with acquisition and so it's really relaunching around the kind of the U by Kotex portfolio aimed at more up market, young at least that we call her and so it was really a major relaunch in the fourth quarter and yes it will be very similar to diapers where we start in a smaller geographic region that we can support, build momentum and then begin to roll it across the markets. Obviously were having the success we have had in diapers you create great credibility for our sales team on the street as they come in with a new item in China. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Caroline Levy with CLSA. 
Caroline Levy  CLSA: Couple of short term ones and then a longer term one. In December P&G called up that their business had strengthened across categories and across geographies in December relative to October, November, did you see that? 
Tom Falk: Yeah I mean I probably would say we saw that in some markets. Are you talking about in the U.S. or anywhere else particularly? 
Caroline Levy - CLSA: I thought, assuming it was a global comment. 
Tom Falk: Yeah I dont, I was listening to their call this morning. I was getting ready for this one. I will read their transcript a little later but I looked in our categories, our organic was probably a bit stronger than theirs but again I probably would tell I didnt dive into their numbers as deeply yet as you may have. 
Mark Buthman: I would say Caroline that our December we typically finished the year strong. I would say this year was similar. 
Caroline Levy - CLSA: Okay. And then if you could just tell us a little bit about why Mexico was weak? I didnt get a chance to listen to the generally the Mexico call yet. 
Tom Falk: There was a lot of competitive price investment in Mexico in the fourth quarter including by us and it did not move incremental volume as much as hoped for and so that led to basically I think sales were down 7% in the quarter, 6% organic something like that. Most of that was price loss and so that was a tougher comparison. Overall Mexico had a pretty good year but they had a weaker finish to the year and they will probably have a tough start in the first quarter but as I said Mark and I were just down, they have got an aggressive plan for 2014 and thats been a high performing team and a great operation for several years and Im sure they will get it sorted. 
Caroline Levy - CLSA: All right and then moving to China if youve the fem care launch and yet your volume growth slowed to about 20% in the quarter. You have been, I dont know maybe that was just the diaper growth slowed to 20% in the quarter but do you think the base is such now that we should be looking more at low double digit growth going forward? I mean do you sense the competition really coming at you more aggressively in the Mummy [ph] stores and online where you used to have some big wins. 
Tom Falk: The question on diaper growth, my comments for about growth in the quarter so we averaged 35% for the year. We have been in the 40s for the first three quarters. We were at 22 in the fourth quarter and so fem care was in launch for part of the fourth quarter. So I think we had a double-digit growth in fem care, but it was lower than that number. And we would expect that to kind of build in the first quarter. Its a little smaller business than the diaper business. So it wont have as big of an impact. China overall is a competitive market, its been a competitive market for a long time. And so there is a lot of every CPG in the world is over there trying to build with our brand for the future. And so we feel like we are holding our own and we are definitely in the game, but we know Unicharm and Procter and Kao and Hengan and SCA and everybody else wants to play over there. So we have got to deliver good innovation and good value to the consumer to make  to be able to win there long-term. 
Caroline Levy  CLSA: Thank you. And then just follow-on from that is really if you were to try to size up the 2020 opportunity of China, Brazil, Russia, if you think about the upside from per cap consumption growth and/or wealth creation or how do you look at it? Which do you think will be the best growth market through 2020 for you? 
Tom Falk: China. We are already more developed in Brazil and we have consumers probably a bit more developed support a middle class, but there is so much opportunity in China just because of population that I would say of those three choices that China will be the biggest growth driver. I would expect the others to also be significant growers, but if you would force me to pick one I would say China is going to be the biggest business of the three by 2020. 
Caroline Levy  CLSA: Right. And it seems to me that some of the increased competition will help drive usage, because that the usage is still quite low in China right? 
Tom Falk: Yes, absolutely. I mean, one of the  you never like to have more competition, I guess, but it does to help penetrate categories if you got a lot of people making noise about the product. 
Caroline Levy  CLSA: Right, thank you very much. 
Tom Falk: Thanks, Caroline. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners. 
Tom Falk: Hi Chip. 
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: Good morning. Can you hear me? 
Tom Falk: Yes, I can hear you now. 
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: Great, terrific. Thank you. The first question is just if you could update us with the moving parts with the tissue moves in Europe, where do you stand in terms of your sort of pulp purchases if you could split it in the three buckets, the hardwood which I assume is almost all eucalyptus and then softwood for tissue and fluff? 
Tom Falk: In Europe, we are not buying a ton of fluff. We are buying a little bit, because we still are making some pant type products. So the biggest grade by far that we buy in Europe would be eucalyptus for the consumer tissue business. 
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: And I am sorry, Tom, I was looking more for the global overall given that change over the year what is your overall purchases as a company? 
Tom Falk: Yes, Paul can give you the details. 
Paul Alexander: Sure. We still consume about 2.4 million metric tons of virgin fiber about half would be eucalyptus/hardwood and the other half would be split pretty evenly between fluff pulp and northern softwood. 
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: Got you, got you. Okay, thank you. And Tom looking I know you have  a couple of questions have been asked, but I just was noticing last year on the FORCE savings, I think you guys were looking for 250 to 300 and on my numbers you were like 320, so I mean you have beaten your midpoint by almost $50 million and I dont know if there is  if there are one or two specific areas you can point to and then will those areas be different in 2014 where you expect to get the bulk of your savings? 
Tom Falk: Yes, I mean if you are adding in some of the tissue restructuring settings, just you might have gotten up to a number that high, but we try to break those out separately and not that will come in, but the three buckets that we focus on are negotiated material or negotiated purchases savings or procurement group productivity, so how do we drive lean and lower ways higher uptime and so all of our operations have clear metrics on those. And then material specification changes, so how do we do a better job of designing for value and all three of those buckets contributed pretty evenly. I mean I think negotiated material savings was probably $90 million of the $300 million and change and so and the other two were over $100 million each and so we would expect those to continue to be strong in 2014. 
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: Got you. And then I guess the last question is on when you look at the  your forecast for 14 and some of the components, it looks like at least on the numbers we saw a couple of weeks ago that your expectation for eucalyptus in the U.S. is about $50 a ton less than where it was at least it is this month and so thats pretty healthy decline. Are you looking for similar declines in, a similar decline in either fluff and/or softwood? 
Tom Falk: Northern Softwood, were basically using the risky forecast so I think were in the 9.50 to 9.75 range and it should be not as big of a drop as EUC [ph] and thats driven by more the capacity the capacity thats expected to come from a EUC [ph] standpoint but I think fluff would be similar to Northern Softwood but that grade isn't going to be as affected by capacity additions. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital. 
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital: I was just wondering when you might have the spin-off financials ready. I think you talked about that on the last call and secondly what was the order of magnitude impact on EPS from your Venezuela assumptions? Thanks. 
Tom Falk: In the spin financials we will probably file the Form 10 Mark in early April I think, is that the plan? On Venezuela we essentially it's similar to our guidance last year, we gave a cut from what we earned this year. I dont know Mark if youve got rough ball park? It's probably about a point of earnings growth adjusted in a ball park. 
Mark Buthman: Thats in the ball park in that overall term. 
Operator: At this time we have no other further questioners in the conference. 
Paul Alexander: Great. Well we appreciate everybodys questions today and we will wrap up with a quick comment from Tom. 
Tom Falk: So once again we appreciate your support to Kimberly-Clark. We got good momentum in 2013 and we look forward to another year of executing our business in 2014. Thank you again for spending some time with us this morning. 
Paul Alexander: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes todays presentation. You may disconnect your phone lines and have a wonderful morning.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Alexander  Vice President of Investor Relations Thomas J. Falk  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Mark A. Buthman  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ali Dibadj  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Wendy Nicholson  Citi Investment Research Gail Glazerman  UBS Warburg Chip A. Dillon  Vertical Research Partners, LLC Caroline Levy  CLSA Chris Ferrara  Wells Fargo Bill Schmitz  Deutsche Bank Jason English  Goldman Sachs Javier Escalante  Consumer Edge Research Lauren Rae Lieberman  Barclays Capital Olivia Tong  Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience in holding. We now have your presenters in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of todays presentation, we will open the floor for your questions. At that time, instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow, if youd like to ask a question. It is now my pleasure to introduce, Mr. Paul Alexander.
Paul Alexander: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clarks Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO; and Mike Azbell, Vice President and Controller. Here is the agenda for our call. Mark will begin with a review of third quarter results. Tom will then provide his perspectives on our results and the outlook for the year. Well finish with Q&A. As usual we have a presentation of todays materials in the Investor section of our website, which is www.kimberly-clark.com. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the risk factor section of our last Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. We will also be referring to adjusted results and outlook. Both excludes certain items described in this mornings news release. The release has further information on these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. Now, Ill turn it over to Mark.
Mark A. Buthman: Thanks, Paul. Good morning. Lets start with the headlines. First, we achieved organic sales growth of 5% in the third quarter highlighted by 10% growth in K-C International. Second, we increased adjusted earnings per share of 7%, including benefits from organic sales growth and strong cost savings. And third, were on track with our overall capital plan, including working capital, capital spending, and allocating cash to shareholders. Now, lets cover some of the details of the quarter starting with the top line. Third quarter sales were $5.3 billion, even with last year. Underlying organic sales rose 5%. That included higher volumes of 3% and 1 point of growth from both higher net selling prices and improved product mix, while sales in conjunction with our restructuring activities and unfavorable currency rates each reduced net sales by more than 2%. Im encouraged by the pickup in organic sales growth in the quarter, which Tom will talk more about in a few minutes. Third quarter adjusted gross margin was 34.4%, up 20 basis points from last year, adjusted operating profit rose 1 point with an operating margin of 15.6%, thats up 10 basis points compared to prior year. Results benefited from our organic sales growth and $70 million of FORCE cost savings, on the other hand we absorbed $55 million of cost inflation and $25 million of negative currency translation effects, currency transaction effects also with the comparisons. Total spending between the lines was down 10 basis points as a percent of sales as slightly lower marketing costs were mostly offset by higher administrative and research spending. Third quarter adjusted effective tax rate was 30.2%, thats down from last year, but in line with the low end of our full-year target of 30% to 32%. Equity income was up 14% as K-C de Mexico had another solid quarter. Finally, our lower diluted share count added $0.04 of EPS compared to last year. So putting all together, third quarter adjusted earnings per share were $1.44, thats up 7% year-on-year. Now, turning to cash flow, our cash provided by operations in the third quarter was $912 million, up 8% compared to $844 million last year. The increase included benefits from working capital and lower pension contributions partially offset by payments related to the changes were making in Europe. We continue to manage primary working capital well. Our year-to-date cash conversion cycle is down four days compared to full-year 2012. So were on track to exceed our original one-day improvement target. In terms of capital allocation, third quarter dividend payments and share repurchases totaled more than $450 million. We repurchased $150 million of KMB stock in the quarter, and we continue to expect full-year share repurchases of $1.2 billion. Now, Ill highlight a few areas from our segment results for the quarter. In Personal Care, organic sales rose more than 5%, driven by volume growth of 5%. Performance was led by K-C International, where organic sales were up 10%. Third quarter Personal Care operating margins were solid at 17.9%, although down just slightly year-on-year. Moving to Consumer Tissue, organic sales were up 5%, net selling prices increased 3% with higher volumes and favorable mix each adding 1 point to growth. The organic growth was driven by a 10% increase in K-C International and a 4% improvement in North America. Consumer Tissue operating margins of 14.3% were up 80 basis points versus last year. Our margins continued to benefit from revenue realization strategies, cost savings, and disciplined management of our between the lines spending. Turning to K-C Professional, organic sales were up 5%, net selling prices and volumes each increased 2%, product mix was favorable by 1 point. Performance was led by K-C International with 11% organic growth. Organic sales were up low-single digits in both North America and Europe. Our KCP team continues to deliver strong margins. This quarter margins were 18.4%, up 90 basis points year-on-year. Lastly, healthcare organic sales were up 4%, driven by higher volumes in our medical device business. Healthcare operating margins of 17.4% improved nicely both sequentially and compared to prior year with benefits from organic sales growth, cost savings, and below average spending between the lines. So that wraps up my comments, to recap; we generated solid organic sales growth, we improved adjusted earnings per share, and we continue to allocate capital in shareholder-friendly ways. Now Ill turn it over to Tom.
Thomas J. Falk: Thanks Mark and good morning everyone. Ill comment on our third quarter results, mostly focused on our top line and then Ill address our full year outlook. So, lets start with the third quarter. As Mark just mentioned, we had a good performance in a number of areas, including organic sales growth, cost savings, cash flow, and bottom line growth. Im particularly encouraged with our organic top line growth of 5% in the quarter, thats a solid improvement compared to the 3% growth that we delivered in the first half of the year. As I mentioned on our July earnings call, were focused on driving better top line growth by taking full advantage of our innovation in marketing programs and our sales capabilities. Our top line performance was strong in K-C International in the third quarter. We had 10% organic sales growth there overall, and we had excellent progress behind our targeted growth initiatives in that part of the world. For example in our diaper business, organic sales were up 45% in China, 35% in Russia, and 20% in Brazil in the third quarter. Our growth initiatives and product innovations continued to perform very well in these markets. Elsewhere in K-C International, we delivered double-digit organic sales growth in our adult care business, our baby wipes business, and in K-C Professional; and organic sales were up high-single digits in our feminine care business. So, our underlying growth in K-C International remains very healthy. Our teams are also improving mix and implementing price increases where we can in response to currency headwinds. Outside of K-C International, our top line performance in the third quarter picked up somewhat in several of our high margin businesses. That includes our North American Huggies diapers business, K-C Professional, and HealthCare. Our Huggies volumes were up 4% with benefits from improved Snug N Dry diapers supported by effective marketing communications and competitive promotion activity. Looking ahead in the first quarter of 2014, well be reducing package counts on the majority of our Huggies business in North America in conjunction with product innovation, and these moves will help fund the innovation in the right price points across our line-up. In North American K-C Professional, our organic sales were up 3% in the third quarter. That compares to a 1 point decline in the second quarter and reflects somewhat better volume performance sequentially in those categories. In healthcare, medical device volumes rose 8% after a disappointing first half of the year, when these volumes were only up slightly. And finally, we continue to drive solid top line growth on our Poise, Depend, U by Kotex and Cottonelle brands in North America, and all of these brands are benefiting from product innovations and effective marketing campaigns. So overall, Im encouraged by our third quarter results, particularly on the top line. Now let me move to the outlook. We continue to execute our global business plan strategies for long-term success. So that means, well pursue targeted growth initiatives, well bring innovation to the market, well drive cost savings programs, and well allocate capital in shareholder-friendly ways. At the same time, we expect to deliver very good financial performance this year in 2013 with solid organic sales growth and strong improvements in adjusted earnings per share. On the top line, year-to-date organic sales were up about 4%, so we expect our full year to be right in line with our 3% to 5% target. On the bottom line, were narrowing our full year outlook by raising the low-end of our previous guidance range by $0.05 a share. We now expect to deliver adjusted earnings in the range of $5.65 to $5.75 per share. That represents year-on-year growth of 8% to 10%, which is towards the high end of or even slightly above our long-term global business plan objective. In terms of commodities and currencies, our expectations for the full year are both generally tracking with our previous plan. In terms of cost inflation, total pulp costs are similar to our prior expectation, while polymer costs have moved slightly higher recently. Overall, we expect total cost inflation for the year to be towards the middle of or perhaps in the upper half of the $150 million to $250 million range we had previously assumed. Regarding currency rates, we continue to expect about 1 point to 2 point drag from currency in our full-year sales. Through the first nine months of the year, the impact has been about 1.5%. If recent spot currency rates hold for the balance of the year, the full-year impact should be slightly similar to or slightly worse than the year-to-date drag from currency. Were offsetting the currency and commodity cost headwinds through strong focus on driving profitable volume growth, improving net realized revenue, delivering on our FORCE cost savings, and closely managing discretionary spending. The environment that we operate in continues to be challenging, but I am encouraged by our execution so far this year. So to summarize, we had another good quarter of financial performance. We expect strong overall results for the year and we remain optimistic about our prospects to deliver attractive returns to our shareholders. So that wraps up our prepared remarks and well now be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, the floor is now open for your questions. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey, guys, how are you?
Mark A. Buthman: Good morning, Ali.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning. Hey so, I guess  we included  continue to be pleasantly surprised by the KCI progress, especially in Personal Care, and you mentioned 45% growth in China, 35% in Russia, 25% in Brazil. Can you help us just aggregate that a little bit more in terms of distribution gain, share gain, category growth, to give us a look at the sustainability of some of those growth rates?
Mark A. Buthman: Yes, I mean, I would say, if you looked at the category in both those markets, its probably grown high-single digits in China and Russia in particular, probably not quite as much in Brazil. And in both cases, Russia had a lot of product innovation, launched boy/girl diaper pants, really doing very well in markets at premium price, so that also helps us on the mix front.
 :
Ali Dibadj  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: So  but it sounds like the way you ordered that, it sounds like its more kind of same-store expansion as opposed to geographic expansion driving some of this growth. Is that a fair assessment?
Mark A. Buthman: Yes, Id say thats probably more of the case this year than last where it was probably the opposite case last year. I wouldnt predict that were going to grow in China from 45% forever. The compounding is pretty scary, but they are definitely on a good footing over there and theyve got lots of growth opportunities ahead.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. And then given some of your experiences with SCA whether it would be when they bought (inaudible) in Mexico or when they bought the P&G tissue business in Europe. Given the potential SCA deal in China with Vinda, what should you expect, what do you think youre going to see if that actually goes through from them as such a good competitor?
Mark A. Buthman: Ali, we dont have much of a tissue business in China. Our business there, we got a little bit of facial tissue, but were really mostly focused on driving diapers and fem care, and then weve things like baby wipes and other areas we built  weve built out, first China is a fairly tough competitive tissue market with Vinda, Hengan, APP, all there were substantial investments, and so we have chosen not to play as aggressively in that space.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Well, I understand totally, what about leveraging that distribution for SCAs nonwovens introduction into that geography?
Mark A. Buthman: Yes, I havent seen that yet, again theyre not going to be a controlling shareholder for a while, and there are a plenty of folks in China between Uni-Charm, [Cowl] (ph), Procter, us, as well as Hengan, its going to be a little different competitive set than they would have run into elsewhere in the world.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay, cool. And then just my last quick question, also surprised about Personal Care Europe growth numbers understanding thats going through transformation of the smaller business, but can you give us a sense about the strategies there both short-term with the, I guess, 7% it was I think and then going forward?
Mark A. Buthman: Well, really this was the strategy all along where we said the diaper business was consuming resources and was probably starving the good performing businesses that we had in Europe, and so we put more emphasis on our DryNites business in Europe which is going great, and Pull-Ups and weve seen all those businesses take off, we picked up some additional distribution as we created some shelf space and we have been able to take advantage of some of that and some of it is obviously gone to private label or other competitors, but the additional emphasis, a little bit of additional marketing spend, some innovation and some additional distribution has helped those businesses pick up a little bit. So Id say baby wipes was probably the star of that show in the quarter, but DryNites and Training Pants in Europe also had a solid quarter.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay, thanks so much guys.
Mark A. Buthman: Thanks, Ali.
Operator: Your next question comes from Wendy Nicholson with Citi Research.
Wendy Nicholson  Citi Investment Research: Hi, good morning.
Mark A. Buthman: Hi, Wendy. Go ahead.
Wendy Nicholson  Citi Investment Research:
 :
Mark A. Buthman:
 :
Wendy Nicholson  Citi Investment Research: But if we could disaggregate, underlying that margin improvement, is your marketing spending up significantly year-over-year and is it just because hey now you have got local manufacturing, I think in China thats helping to offset that? Im trying to get a feel for, hey have there been one-time cost savings initiatives that are going to run out, and is that going to be harder for you to continue to up the ante in terms of investment spending, or is this a just hey, positive mix is going to keep the ball rolling?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, if you look at, our marketing spending is  in KCI is probably pretty flat in dollar terms year-over-year, but would be up and local currency because of the exchange rate. We kind of look at it market-by-market and see as our share of voice where we wanted to be in each of the markets where were trying to drive growth, and were pretty comfortable with the investment spend levels. I mean, I think like anything else teams would always like to spend more and were trying to balance that. Were still delivering our results and hitting a target for the year.
Wendy Nicholson  Citi Investment Research: Got it, okay. And then just the second question on the restructuring, the 2 point headwind to revenues, when did that come to an end? When youre going to be fully done with that?
Thomas J. Falk: It should roll off, and first quarter of 2014 would be the last big one. We had a little bit still in the second quarter of this year, so it should be fully rolled off by mid next year.
Wendy Nicholson  Citi Investment Research:  Got it, terrific. Thank you so much.
Thomas J. Falk: Thanks, Wendy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman  UBS Warburg: Hi, good morning.
Mark A. Buthman: Good morning, Gail.
Gail Glazerman  UBS Warburg: Can you talk a little bit more about some of the product volume changes in North American Personal Care, the growth in Huggies, which I think is the first that weve seen in awhile, the continued weakness in Little Swimmers and also kind of the snapback in feminine care? Is there any more color you can offer?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, sure. In Diapers, we were really not strategically where we wanted to be on price in second quarter. So we had to adjust a couple of price points on key packings. You saw a little bit of that and about 1 point drag on price in North American diapers. We also tuned our marketing messages a little bit. We had launched innovation in the second quarter. It wasnt hitting as hard as we wanted, so weve changed the ad campaign in third quarter and saw that pick up nicely. So, great product performance where it has got the right messages on shelf and we are  its one of those where you wish you would have done in the second quarter, but we didnt and weve checked and adjusted and saw the results in the third quarter. In the Child Care business, the toughest comp of the year, last year third quarter, they were up double-digits and it had more to do with timing of promotion that shipped in the third quarter last year that shipped in the second quarter of this year. And so if you look at our Child Care business year-to-date, I think the volume is down about a point, share is pretty flat, and so thats reflective of the category overall. We continue to have as you know a pretty high share in that space. Fem Care saw a good high-single digit growth, had a little bit weaker second quarter. Some of that is stuff that will show up and share more in the fourth quarter as it shipped a little later in the quarter. So overall, we feel pretty good about the momentum in U by Kotex and you are seeing that that play out in the marketplace. And then in the Adult Care business, its continued good in innovation and execution really a solid share performance, I think we had a record share for both the pan [ph] employees in the quarter and retailers were happy with the movement as well.
Gail Glazerman  UBS Warburg: Okay. And just in Healthcare, the pickup, I guess there were some reference in the room at least about better surgical activity, is that something you see is sustainable given the bump that youve had over the last few quarters. Is that coming back and getting stronger or?
Thomas J. Falk: I would say, the date is a little less, immediately available. So we kind of get visibility now in the second quarter surgeries and Id say I was getting less negative, in the second quarter, so thats a positive and I think in some cases, some of the improvement in devices was additional penetration where were able to use our pain pumps on more procedures and our sales teams had some wins in the marketplace with the device products that were selling. And so it was probably a function of a little bit better surgical environment and a little bit better category penetration that drove into the quarter.
Gail Glazerman  UBS Warburg: Okay. Just one last question given everything that was going on in DC over the last few weeks kind of as you exited the third quarter as is the fourth quarter, did you see any shift in volume patterns in the U.S. or not so much?
Thomas J. Falk:  Not really I mean mostly people need diapers and bathroom tissue everyday, no matter whats going on in Washington and that was the case, we dont have a very big direct government business so that was not a factor for us to any large extent. And well see and we start to get some consumer confidence data if they had an effect from that standpoint, but its probably little early to read that. I know talking to some of our retail partners they did see a dip in stores that were near U.S. military bases, but that didnt overall for us play out and much from a category standpoint.
Gail Glazerman  UBS Warburg: Okay, thank you.
Thomas J. Falk:  Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Chip A. Dillon  Vertical Research Partners, LLC:  Yeah. Hey, good morning Tom. Hey as you look into next year, it looks like well first of all looking at 2012 and 2013, youve been able to hit $300 million plus in the FORCE savings and youve done so much restructuring now with the European initiative, I guess towards the end. Should we still expect that kind of rate of FORCE savings and maybe its early days, but could you give us an idea of what youre thinking about capital wise next year knowing that you havent really done much in the North American tissue area that I know of, in terms of your planned equipment there?
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah, sure on the FORCE savings, pardon me were pretty happy, weve taken that up from several years ago, we were around $150 million a year to solidly above $250 million now for the last couple of years, and thats certainly our aspiration is to stay there and to continue to drive that and as I look at our teams around the world that are doing more than weve ever done to drive transformation of their cost structure weve really got a very robust pipeline of cost savings coming. And so thats been great to help us this year overcome some of the currency headwinds and higher commodity costs. And so certainly wed expect a healthy level of FORCE savings to continue in 2014 and beyond. And on the capital front, Id expect CapEx to be consistent with our global business plan and that of 4% to 5% of sales kind of ranges about where were going to be and so give or take around $1 billion and $1.1 billion something like that we will give you more specific guidance in January. But thats about where were roll up and I think from our capacity standpoint with all the restructuring weve done in the North American family care arena, and all the good productivity gains weve gotten from our Lean and FORCE savings weve actually freed up quite a bit of capacity out of our own assets base just by getting more productive and efficient with our existing footprint which is really free capacity for us.
Chip A. Dillon  Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Got you. And moving on as you look at China I know in past calls, youve talked about how your penetration has progressed in terms of number of cities have you  can you tell us where that stands maybe today versus a year or two ago and is it now more of an issue of, if you have accomplished the geographic penetration now is just getting more shelf space in the cities you currently are in?
Mark A. Buthman: Yes, I mean, I think our plan was to end this year around 90 cities and we are on track to hit that. I think we started the year at 70 and two or three years ago, it was 45 or 50 something like that. Probably there are different measures you can look at, but theres a couple hundred cities in China with over a 1 million people and I think so, the next city gets decreasing in size and scope. So  but Id say, weve gotten the good build out in the major areas and were continuing to make sure were on the map. Were starting to get to the point where we got enough scale that we can do national advertising and its cost effective now or that probably wasnt the case two or three years ago. So I think we are at a critical math now and certainly are planning and keeping growing that.
Chip A. Dillon  Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Gotcha. And then just the last question, you mentioned the initiative in the first quarter on the diaper front in terms of the package counts. Can you give us an idea of what sort of the net effect of that will be kind of on a unit price basis and on average? And then secondly, as you look at 2014, you came into 2013 obviously with a real head of steam and had tremendous growth early in a year. And just looking at your guidance, if you hit the midpoint of your range, it would be basically flat at $1.37. So as you look at 2014 besides the diaper count and obviously the  or the ongoing organic growth, are there other initiatives that you could maybe point us to in terms of staying on that, on your plan, mid to up or single-digit growth rate?
Mark A. Buthman: Yes, and again well give you more color on 2014 on the January call. If you look at the diaper question, its essentially going to be matching up with competitive counts in the marketplace broadly and averaged about a 7% count change now, some of that will be spent back. And so I would say the yield will be  probably be less than half of that in terms of what well have to work with in terms of P&L, but well see how that plays out as it roles out in late first quarter of next year. And for 2014, the big question will obviously be currency rates. And so when you look at the kind of drag that currency had on this quarter, if you look at the combination of translation and transaction, its about a 3.5 points. And at the peak it was more like a 5 point drag, when you look that where rates have peaked. So that will be the big bet for 2014. If we still see a big currency drag in 2014, it will be tough to get to the high-end of the range, but we still think thats the right range for us long-term to develop our plan around.
Chip A. Dillon  Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Thank you very much.
Mark A. Buthman: Thanks, Chip.
Operator: Our next question comes from Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Caroline Levy  CLSA Americas LLC: Good morning, everybody. A couple of questions, the first is around North American pricing environment in general, because I think one of your large competitors have signaled clearly a big focus on the North American market, so just is there any specific change in behavior that youve noticed, any fear that there will be more discounting. I think you mentioned in that there has been some discounting if you could just talk to that?
Mark A. Buthman: Yes, I think that in the second quarter we saw some discounting in some packs and some outlets, and we didnt mess up to those quickly as we could have. We corrected that in the third quarter. I said thats more than normal competitive behavior. We had a major launch underway and competitors typically are more active to protect their business when there is a major launch activity, much like we would do if the situation were reversed. I think some of the leadership on price count activity in the marketplace would signal that there is some behavior happening on that front that would indicate that there is some innovation happening in desired place for that, which is rational behavior. So I wouldnt say weve seen anything thats unusual in the North American market at this point in time.
Caroline Levy  CLSA Americas LLC: Thats very good news. And just moving to Latin America, a lot of companies, maybe not HPC in particular, but had experienced a big slow down in Brazil. Is everything you see such as things that even though the consumer is stretched to a business doesnt get impacted?
Thomas J. Falk: Weve got a phenomenal team in Brazil and theyve done a great job of delivering in a challenging environment. And so while they have lost couple of years, they have missed their top line target in dollars, theyve grown much faster than plan and local currency, and have better come very close to their dollar profit target. So theyve done it with driving a lot of innovation rapidly into the marketplace and pulled things forward to get them in the category. Weve also been expanding into the Northeastern part of Brazil and just opened a new facility in Wahiawa State this year. And so that has given us more capacity to serve that big part of the market. And so weve had a little bit of geographic expansion even in the market like Brazil, where weve been for a while and that certainly helped.
Caroline Levy  CLSA Americas LLC: Great. And then the last one is over time, I think one of the things the push backs investors often use on Kimberly, is that its very commodity reliant company. And if you could maybe articulate why things have changed over the last four to five years enough that you probably are able to manipulate price and SG&A spend around fluctuations in input cost. So do you think that you really are indeed vulnerable to big gross margin swings?
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I think thats one that we havent had in the last couple of years, a big commodity push. But Ive been around long enough. I remember times when we did and so we went for about three years where commodities were double what we thought and that definitely put pressure on margins for a while. We put that around and have a more robust cost savings program and I think driving innovation is giving us a better margin profile. But we also thats something that were watching for and trying to do a better job of predicting and getting ahead of where we can. So with kind of the third quarter trend, where you get both commodity and currency going against you a little bit was a challenge, but the fact that we overcame that gives us confidence going forward.
Caroline Levy  CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you so much.
Thomas J. Falk: Thank you, Caroline.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Ferrara with Wells Fargo.
Thomas J. Falk: Hey, good morning, Chris.
Chris Ferrara  Wells Fargo: Good morning guys. One of the goal just the B2B businesses right, so HealthCare and K-C Professional both got better this quarter after I guess FORCE straight margins [ph] are good. Can you just kind of characterize that this just a change in trend, do you think the businesses are better with some of the drag that were hitting the row over for now or do you just think this is one quarter?
Thomas J. Falk: Well, if I want to start with KCP, I mean this had really pretty good execution and have delivered terrific profit margins. Our innovation has been successful in the marketplace. But we probably lost a bit of business in the part of the portfolio that we werent selling the new innovation to and so theyve kind of gone back and try to make sure were picking up any of those opportunities that we might have lost. And I thought to North American business for KCP turnaround in the quarter was encouraging. So that will be one example of that. And our KCP team would still see a lot of international opportunity as we see in KCI generally. And so we think were in very early days in China in that business and there is a huge opportunity in that market industrializes for all types of products. And so I do see a pretty robust pipeline coming for KCP in particular. HealthCare as you know, that there is some different economic factors that work, when  in the past weve had pandemics, youve seen huge volume spikes and then it falls off or you have to lap it at the next year. So there is a little bit more volatility. I think were all trying to figure out in North America in particular, whats going to happen from a healthcare spend overall? Whats going to happen? What procedures? And so there is probably a little bit more variability around our outlook for that business going forward. But it was great to see a solid execution in the third quarter and good profit performance.
Chris Ferrara  Wells Fargo: Yes, and I guess profit was up 19%, I think in the release you talked about lower marketing in R&D, whats going on there? Is that sustainable reduction or is there something?
Mark A. Buthman: Well, I would say in HealthCare, if you kind of look at the year-to-date average as a better predictor of the profitability of the business, weve had some unusual things that hit the second quarter that made a little lower than normal and probably some of those things are reversed and benefited the third quarter that made a little higher than normal. But Id say, if you look at the year-to-date number thats probably a pretty good proxy for our run rate for that business.
Chris Ferrara  Wells Fargo: Great, thanks. And just last thing, could you just remind me up from the downtown diapers in North America, I heard that the yield on that is going to be probably half of what the 7% downtown, but what do you expect in terms of volume, like assuming in profitability kind of do the same sorts of things. Did you expect that volume, unit volume will take a little bit of a hit and even though youre trying to kind of padded in with promotional spending and then you recovered that in six months, or do you expect really in order [ph] to category volume?
Mark A. Buthman: I mean historically every time weve done this, its been around a while, but done a few of these. Here you do see a little bit of household inventory destocking, because the packages have less diapers and the consumer said about the same average number of packages than theyre holding slightly fewer diapers. So their usage per day doesnt change just as a result of the pack count. But their average inventory level drops by roughly half of the comp decline if youre an economist that would probably be the right answer and weve typically seen that for a period of time. So I would expect that will be a drag in the first half of next year and eventually it kind of stabilizes.
Chris Ferrara  Wells Fargo: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Mark A. Buthman: Okay. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
Bill Schmitz  Deutsche Bank: Hey, guys, good morning.
Thomas J. Falk: Good morning, Bill.
Bill Schmitz  Deutsche Bank: Hey, can you just tell us like how that you sort of sold off a decent chunk at European business, what percentage of total sales are KCI now? I know you put it in the 10-K, but I was hoping to get like a sneak peak?
Mark A. Buthman: Yeah, KCI in the third quarter was 39% and year-to-date its probably high 30%, 37%, 38% we might guess some.
Bill Schmitz  Deutsche Bank: Okay. And while sort of KCI sort of outside the Americas probably see predominantly your Personal Care business. I mean are there any sort of plans or sort of build out that consumer tissue piece of that business outside of the Americas?
Mark A. Buthman: Bill at this point, we got so many opportunities were chasing in Personal Care are not fully exploited. I mean if you look at the KCI business, its still heavily overweight diapers and fem care. And so its underweight, baby wipes is underweight, adult care both Depend on employees, Childcare, Little Swimmers, GoodNites are all still a very small businesses.
 :
Bill Schmitz  Deutsche Bank: Gotcha. Is there any more incremental room to kind of take pricing down the lower tiers in lot of the emerging markets? I know you had a big initiative about two years ago to get into sort of like Tier-3 and Tier-4 diapers in China. But how far long are you in this business still sort of predominantly Tier-5 and even Tier-6 diapers?
Mark A. Buthman: I mean, Id say in most emerging markets, were in multi-tier and its more of a Tier-3, 4. China was sort of the outlier that we started in Tier-5 basically when we relaunched Huggies several years ago, and then built down into the mid-tier, and so were in Tier-3, 4, 5 and 6 in China basically. I mean, we just sort of created Tier-6, so were the only ones in it. But there have been other markets. If you look at market like Mexico, wed be present in all tiers. Brazil would be probably a combination of Tiers-2, 3, and 4. Russia is mostly 3 and 4. So were really trying to figure out what  where is the market today and then how do we make sure we can bring a differentiated product that delivers a good experience for mom.
Bill Schmitz  Deutsche Bank:
, :
Mark A. Buthman: Yes, MBFK is up, but eucalyptus which we use a lot more of is down, so we averaged and our outlook for that was  is $7.90 for the fourth quarter, and we give you that outlook in July with more $8.05, and on October its below $7.70. So were picking it up on other fiber sources. Recycled fibers, another one that we buy about 1 million tons of recycled fiber a year, and our outlook in July was for that, that averaged 245 and now were saying its going to average 214. And so were seeing benefits in other fiber resources that you might not have a much visibility too that, thats helping us on that front. Oil is certainly one that  that was  that $30 million of other cost inflation in the quarter was mostly polymer, thats oil related.
Bill Schmitz  Deutsche Bank: Okay. I mean if you look at the Bloomberg number and maybe Im getting too far in the weeds there, but it looks like eucalyptus pulp prices are going up. So am I just looking at the wrong data set or you guys buying it differently or better, because you have to pick business in Brazil?
Thomas J. Falk: I mean weve got a market-based contract in Brazil, but youre seeing more capacity come online and at least the stuff were  the average forecast were seeing has been headed down this year went rather than up. So I havent looked at Bloomberg, but that maybe of futures price or something like that, but
Bill Schmitz  Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Mark A. Buthman: 15% of our mix I think is now eucalyptus
Bill Schmitz  Deutsche Bank: Yeah.
Mark A. Buthman: About 25% is northern softwood, so the mix of fiber we use is really important.
Bill Schmitz  Deutsche Bank: Gotcha. And then just one last one I promise, the capital allocation, have you guys changed your view, because it seems like youre starting to get very under-levered and, this year it seems like its going to payout more than 100% of your net income in dividends and share repurchase. So is it that going to be kind of the ML going forward?
Thomas J. Falk: As you know, we want to be solidly in the middle of the A range. And so if we drift up to the upper end of the A range, we may increase our debt just a little bit to validate that back and you may notice that Mark and his team borrowed about $800 million in May, I think to fund a $500 million debt retirement in August. And so we increased our debt by about $300 million and then that extra amount went into share repurchases versus our plan for the year.
Bill Schmitz  Deutsche Bank: Great. Thanks so much, guys.
Thomas J. Falk: All right. Thanks, Bill.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, good morning, folks.
Mark A. Buthman: Good morning, Jason.
Jason English  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Congratulations on another good quarter.
Mark A. Buthman: Thank you.
Jason English  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, the question just in terms of maybe whats changed, I think you sounded slightly more cautious tone last on your reported earnings, caution that you could commence the lower end if FX rates stayed about where they are today. So whats changed?
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I would say a couple of things. We had a weaker volume quarter and we told you we werent happy about our second quarter organic top line. And we expected to do better in the back half of the year, and we saw that show up in the third quarter, and so that that obviously gives you a little bit more confidence when the volume and innovation is working. I also would say, at the time of the call it was probably the height of the currency of mania and that seems to have pulled back a little bit as the FED tapering has been pushed out a little bit. And so thats probably given us a little bit of relief on that and its not quite as bad of a currency drag as we would have thought at late in July.
Jason English  Goldman Sachs & Co.: One area that surprised us this quarter was the strength in North American tissue and 4% organic sales growth, really good momentum all throughout this year. Its surprising, because it stands in pretty stark contrast to the Nielsen data where we aggregate your tissue business. And trends have been decelerating and are now probably in the red. Whats the differential thats driving the outperformance for this business versus the Nielsen data?
Thomas J. Falk: I havent analyzed this versus Nielsen. We look at our outlook shares and our shares sequentially in tissue were slightly negative. We did take price across facial and Cottonelle by a sheet count. And so of the organic top line in North America was positive price, negative volume as we would track it, so that maybe a bit of what you are seeing if you are looking at unit volume trends. But broadly, weve had a very strong year in our Family Care business, so were pretty happy with the results.
Jason English  Goldman Sachs & Co.: But no concern that there is too much inventory out there, nothing to be concerned about that right?
Thomas J. Falk:  These are very high-Q, low value businesses, so retailers really dont want these in their warehouse. So weve pretty aggressive on helping them with inventory returns.
Jason English  Goldman Sachs & Co.: It makes sense. Thanks a lot guys. Ill pass it on.
Thomas J. Falk:  Thanks, Jason.
Operator: Our next question comes from Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante  Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Hi.
Mark A. Buthman: Good morning. How are you?
Javier Escalante  Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Good morning. A couple of questions actually, its a little bit of a follow-up on Jasons questions with regards to the disconnect of track data and shipment data. Essentially, the [indiscernible] is that the non-track channels basically which is essentially [indiscernible] you maybe growing very strong double-digits started for our assessment?
Mark A. Buthman: And I guess, however, we wont give a specific customer data on a call like this. We are doing well with Costco this year, we do well with Dollar Stores. There are other E-Com channels that are on track that are typically growing. So I would say broadly we tend to look more at our  all outlet share and try to make sure, were fully participating in the category growth. And Nielsen is one set of data points that we would look at, but we tend to look at the broad data set more than anything else.
Javier Escalante  Consumer Edge Research, LLC: But when you say higher we got the same weak volumes, but in any event, moving into the decision of removing sheet out of facial tissue and what is the other category that you mentioned as your de-sheeting in tissue?
Mark A. Buthman: Cottonelle that tissue.
Javier Escalante  Consumer Edge Research, LLC:
,:
 :
 :
Mark A. Buthman: Yes, if you look at a lot of the private label share gains this year was, I think in at least partly response to GPs service issues where they actually lost some shelf space to private label. We picked up a little bit as did our other primary competitor. And I think as we see GP coming back into full customer service, I would say at this point were seeing a more normal level of competitive activity in the marketplace.
 :
Javier Escalante  Consumer Edge Research, LLC:
, :
Mark A. Buthman: Yeah, I think our Huggies business was pretty solid throughout the quarter and so there may have been some changeover late in the quarter that was some small advantage, but I would say it was pretty consistent growth throughout the quarter.
Javier Escalante  Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay, thank you very much.
Mark A. Buthman: All right, thank you Javier.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Mark A. Buthman: Good morning, Lauren.
Lauren Rae Lieberman  Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning. Firstly, I want to ask you about with just with marketing spending and some of you guys discussed advertising and some with strategic marketing. So I realize there might be kind of mixing the conversation, but having it down slightly this quarter and I believe that earlier in the year too, its slightly different than what youve last talked about I think that was, you made it sound like it was going to increase in the back-half of the year. So if certainly if I mean if thats incorrect and secondly why not increasing the spending when top line is coming in strongly, youve simply got sort of somewhat excess profitability to work with?
Mark A. Buthman: Its a good question and as we look at the strategic marketing, its a combination of advertising and promotion. Its down about $20 million in the quarter, about half of that is the exit of diapers from Europe and currency. So the fact that rates have, have dropped, so the other half of that was an actual decline in program spending. Advertising itself is flat year-on-year. So all of that decline was really what we call consumer promotion, which would be a combination of things that would flow through that, that line in the P&L generally less, a little bit less activity. And what we look at is, are we spending at the right level and getting the current top line performance for the spending that were making. And overall, were pretty happy with the organic top line in the quarter. And as we look at the key markets that we are investing in, we feel like were investing at about the right level. And so its really above the ROI, and the next dollar spend, is that worth chasing or you bring it to the bottom line. And so I think each of our teams around the world look at that and then our global brand teams are also challenging that to make sure that were making smart investments if we got some flexibility in the P&L to do that.
Lauren Rae Lieberman  Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thats particularly interesting given that sales growth and organic did accelerate nicely, though it wasnt step up in spend? 
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah, but in local currency though just being flat is a pretty big increase and spend in those market. So weve looked at KCI and say, yeah, were actually in spending more in local currency in those markets.
Lauren Rae Lieberman  Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, understood. And then I know its not a terribly large business that I just was curious about the really strong performance in K-C Professional in Europe because that it give us 5% price and then you also had 3%-ish positive mix and volume made high numbers mix of long and short, all three features were very strongly positive. So can you talk a little bit about that that was sort of dramatic acceleration?
Thomas J. Falk: I think that might have been our overall year of business, Paul you got with that?
Paul Alexander: Yeah, I mean Lauren we were up double-digits in K-C Professional in KCI and thats what youre referring to. In all three pieces were up nicely in terms of volume and pricing mix.
Lauren Rae Lieberman  Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right, yeah thats it.
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah.
Lauren Rae Lieberman  Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thats how
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah, that was really led by Latin America, but broadly was the strongest of those or that business is done well. But the European business in KCI was okay, during the quarter, looked a lot more like North America though and lets say the UK is probably coming back a little bit. Youve seen that in some of the economics statistics and Germany was okay and Southern Europe is a challenge.
Lauren Rae Lieberman  Barclays Capital, Inc.: And then with that like you corrected me, thank you. The Latin America heading into process you said Latin America is being particularly responsible for that acceleration. Was there any kind of change in sales resources? Do you increase the sales force or broadened the footprint youre able to reach that it was big number to file?
Thomas J. Falk: Our K-C Professional team is really driving their global strategy. In fact we would say overall we did well on Latin America. Were not satisfied with what were doing in China. Were putting more resource behind KCP in a lot of markets around the world and investing behind that. Unlike consumers doesnt show up in a strategic A&P is probably shows up more in selling expense and G&A than in the traditional strategic marketing bucket.
Lauren Rae Lieberman  Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Thomas J. Falk: Thanks Lauren.
Operator: My next question comes from Olivia Tong with the Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Olivia Tong  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. I want to touch a little bit on KCI margins clearly youve done quite well in terms of international sales. But how do you think about margins going forward? Do you expect them to progress faster than the corporate average or is there more spending to come specific to KCI?
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah, thats a balance. Were really tracking KCI to continue to narrow the margin gap versus the rest of the company and so theyve made some progress this year, although currency headwinds have held them back from some of the progress that they help to make. And so were trying to balance investing for growth in the places where we got great opportunity and then looking for opportunities to take cost out to help fund our margin improvement. And so were satisfied with the progress, but we expect to continue to do more.
Olivia Tong  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it, thanks. And then on North American diapers, obviously youve had some promotion in price adjustments this quarter, which I would expect to is probably going to continue, and then youve got the diaper downtown on the new product. So what do you think the net impact of both price and mix will be going forward in North America? Are we still looking at either positive price mix from that plus 7%, even though it goes down to plus 3% or is that the promotion offset that?
Mark A. Buthman: Well, you should see some positive, but it wont start to happen until probably late first quarter of 2014. So for the next couple of quarters, youll still see some drag from price promotion activity.
Olivia Tong  Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Got it. And then just lastly, can you just talk about trends month-by-month both in developing markets and emerging markets. Did you see you mentioned Huggies Diapers in North America, but did you see any difference in trends coming from July through August through September?
Mark A. Buthman:
 :
 :
Olivia Tong  Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Got it. Thank you so much.
Mark A. Buthman: All right. Thanks Olivia.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Mark A. Buthman: Hey, Chip.
Chip A. Dillon  Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Hey, there. Just one last one here, I noticed the equity line really is trending very positively this year. It looks like 26% up  through the first nine months and so as you look at the future, could you talk a little bit about whats really happening in Mexico, especially now that for example you have a different competitor down there and you see that kind of growth rate continuing or is there something else going on, on that line?
Mark A. Buthman: As we go through Mexico, I think they announced late last week and had their call with their outlook. So I dont want to trump whatever Pablo might have told you on the call. But weve been very happy with the year theyve put together. Its a tougher economic environment than they thought. So the Mexican economy was expected to grow kind of 4%, 5% in the last date I saw, it was just a little under 1%. And so lots of exciting change happening in that marketplace. But that has probably also created some challenges in the short-term. There is lots of competition down there. So CMPC is pretty aggressive, FCA is pretty aggressive. So there is plenty of people that want to eat our lunch in Mexico. But the K-C de Mexico team has done a great job of delivering as they have for many, many years and Id expect that to continue going forward, probably not at that same kind of growth rate. But theyre going to be a solid consistent top and bottom line performance for us.
Chip A. Dillon  Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Gotcha, thanks.
Mark A. Buthman: Thanks Chip.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein.
Mark A. Buthman: Hey
Ali Dibadj  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey, thanks for the follow-up. I just want to get your view Tom on the North American consumer paper, consumer tissue business, your largest retailer said explicitly that theyre going to double down on investments in pricing in paper products and there is discussion about a lot of more capacity coming online both private label and kind of lower end brands. Just want to get a sense of what you make up all of that and thats too much about nothing really in your view?
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I mean I would just start to see those guys not long ago and they want to grow their business in lots of categories. And so I think theyll, Simon and his team are aggressively are doing that as this all of other retail customers. And so were doing well with our key customers in our family care categories and lot longer were one of those and we want to make sure that we make it easy for consumers to find Kleenex and Cottonelle and Scott where they choose to shop. So I wouldnt say thats a big change  we havent seen a big change in behavior at this point in time.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: And were trying to connect the point specifically that theyre making about pricing in particular being a driver and the point about capacity coming online?
Mark A. Buthman: On the capacity front, I think the industry operating rate is still in the  around 90%, so there has been a lot of capacity thats exited as much of the sales has come on. And where you have seen a little bit of private label share pickup, it hasnt been in [indiscernible] variance that some had been concerned about. And so, overall there is a little bit of additional capacity, but it hasnt been destabilizing the market pricing at this point in time.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: And so you dont see anything going forward that would change dynamics and consumer tissue in the U.S.?
Mark A. Buthman: Not at this stage. And were focused on driving innovation with better performing Kleenex. Weve had some Cottonelle upgrades. Weve got some great Viva and Scott Towel products out there. So weve got, and a good pipeline of innovation coming that will give us some news, we can talk about in 2014 and beyond.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thanks very much.
Mark A. Buthman: Thanks, Ali.
Operator: Mr. Mark Buthman we have no further questions in the queue.
Mark A. Buthman: All right. Thank you for the questions and thanks David. Well wrap up with a quick closing comment from Tom.
Thomas J. Falk: So once again we were pleased with our organic top line performance and our continued execution of our global business plan and that we continue to make those benefits be available to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. So thank you again for your support of Kimberly-Clark.
Mark A. Buthman: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes todays presentation. You may disconnect your phone lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Alexander - Vice President of Investor Relations Mark Buthman - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President Tom Falk - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Mike Azbell - Vice President and Controller
Analysts: Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein Gail Glazerman - UBS Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Lauren Lieberman - Barclays John Faucher - JPMorgan Caroline Levy - CLSA Olivia Tong - Merrill Lynch Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research Jason English - Goldman Sachs Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank  
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience in holding. We now have your presenters in conference. Please be aware each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today's presentation, we will open the floor for your questions. At that time, instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow, if you'd like to ask a question. It is now my pleasure to introduce, Mr. Paul Alexander. 
Paul Alexander: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter earnings conference call. With us today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO, Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO and Mike Azbell, Vice President and Controller. Here is the agenda for our call. Mark will begin with a review of second quarter results. Tom will then provide his perspectives on our results and the outlook for the full year. We will finish with Q&A. We have a presentation of today's materials in the Investor section of our website which is www.kimberly-clark.com. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the risk factors section of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for a further discussion of forward-looking statements. We will also be referring to adjusted results and outlook. Both excludes certain items described in this morning's news release. The release has further information on these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. Now I will turn it over to Mark.
Mark Buthman: Thanks, Paul and good morning. Let me start with the headlines. First, we achieved organic sales growth of 3% led by 9% growth in K-C International. Second, we increased adjusted earnings per share 8% driven by organic sales growth and strong cost savings. Third, we are on-track with our overall capital plan, including working capital, capital spending and returning cash flow to shareholders. Now some details for the quarter. Second quarter sales were $5.3 billion and was even with last year. Underlying organic sales rose 3% with increased fines of 2% and higher net selling prices of one point. While sales in connection with our restructuring activities reduced sales by 2% and unfavorable currency rates reduced sales by a point. Second quarter adjusted gross margin was 34.5%. Thats up 90 basis points from last year. The increase was driven by organic sales growth and $80 million of FORCE cost savings, partially offset by $30 million of input cost inflation. I am really pleased with our continued momentum with FORCE. We delivered at least $80 million of savings in each of the last four quarters and we are now raising our full-year target to $300 million to $350 million of savings for the year. That ranges $50 million higher than our previous expectation and will help offset additional currency headwinds that Tom will talk about in a minute. Moving down to P&L. Adjusted operating profit rose 6%, with an operating margin of 15.5%. Thats up 70 basis points compared to last year. Strategic marketing spending was down $20 million and that comparison was impacted by a high level of innovation related spending in the second quarter last year and also some lower spending in Europe this year given the strategic changes We are making there. Foreign currency translation effects reduced operating profit by $15 million and transaction effects further negatively impacted that comparison. The second quarter adjusted effective tax rate was 31.8%. Thats up from last year but in line with our full year target of 30% to 32%. Equity income was up 28% as K-C de Mexico had another quarter of excellent performance. So, putting it all together, second quarter adjusted earnings per share was $1.41. That is up 8% year-on-year. Now, turning to cash flow. Cash provided by operations in the second quarter was $576 million, compared to $740 million last year. The decrease was driven by higher tax payments, pension contributions and severance costs in Europe. So, halfway through the year, we are on track with our plan and expect our cash generation to improve sequentially in the back half of the year. In terms of capital allocation, second quarter dividend payments and share repurchases totaled more than $600 million. We repurchased 300 million shares worth of KMB stock in the quarter. We now expect full-year sharing purchases of $1.2 billion. That's at the high end of our target range of $1 billion to $1.2 billion for share buybacks for the year. Now, to highlight just a few areas from our segment results for the quarter. In Personal Care, organic sales rose 3%, driven by volume growth. K-C International had another good quarter with organic sales up 8% continue to make excellent progress with our targeted growth initiatives across K-C international. Tom will provide some more details in a minute. Elsewhere in Personal Care, organic sales were down low single digits in North America, but high single digits in Europe. Second quarter Personal Care operating margins of 18.1%, rose 130 basis points. Improvement was driven by organic sales growth and cost savings, partially offset by cost inflation and unfavorable effects of currency. Now, before we leave Personal Care, let me give a brief update on the strategic changes we have underway in Europe. We've now stopped selling Huggies diapers in all markets except Italy and we closed our Spanish production facility in May. In terms of organization changes, we are about halfway through the total expected workforce reductions. So, in total, our European team continues to make good progress with the changes and they are on track to deliver their full year operating plan. Moving to Consumer Tissue, organic sales were up about 5%, with volume growth of 3% and higher net selling prices of 1%. Volumes improved in North America in K-C International, but were down slightly in Europe. Consumer Tissue operating margins were solid, although they were down 30 basis points versus last year. Turning to K-C Professional, organic sales were up 2%, driven by higher net selling prices. Despite flat sales volumes for K-C professional team continues to drive profitability. Second quarter operating margins of 19.1% were up 270 basis points year-on-year with strong cost savings and the benefits of pricing action. Lastly, Health Care organic sales were down 1%, driven by lower surgical and infection prevention volumes, Health Care operating margins of 13.5%, we're essentially even with year ago period and we've got more work to do Health Care profitability did pick up nicely from the first quarter. So, that wraps up my comments. To recap, we generated solid organic sales growth. We delivered strong margins and improved adjusted earnings per share and we continue to allocate capital in shareholder-friendly ways. Now, I will turn it over to Tom.
Tom Falk: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I will briefly comment on our second quarter results and then I'll address our full year outlook. So, starting with the second quarter, I am encouraged by our strong cost savings, by our margin improvement and by our bottom line growth. As you can tell from Mark's discussion, we continue to perform well in these areas. Our organic sales growth is the one part of our results that was not totally satisfied with. As you heard from Mark, our performance was strong in K-C International with 9% growth overall, an excellent progress against our targeted growth initiatives. For example, in our diaper business in K-C International, our volumes were up 45% in China and 10% and both, Russia and Brazil, an improved net realized revenue brought total organic sales growth to about 20% in Brazil. Elsewhere in K-C International, we delivered double-digit organic sales growth in feminine care, adult care and baby wipes and organic sales were up 8% in K-C Professional within the K-C International space. So, our K-C International team delivered an excellent quarter of broad-based top line growth. They also improved their operating profit margin despite headwinds from currency and the conditions in Venezuela. On the other hand, volume was below my expectations for some of our other businesses in developed markets, including K-C Professional, Health Care and Huggies diapers in North America. Some of that shortfall was related to fairly sluggish category demand. I want you to know that our team is focused on driving better topline growth by fully taking advantage of our innovation and marketing programs and our sales capabilities. Our year-on-year comparisons also get somewhat easier in the back half of this year. So, overall, even with the more mixed topline performance in the quarter, there were a number of positives in our second quarter results and halfway through the year, I am encouraged with our overall progress. Now, let me move to the outlook. As we have all observed, the macro environment has become more volatile in the last few months with rapid changes in currency rates, interest rates, financial markets, economic growth rates and most recently the price of oil. Despite this volatility we will continue to execute our global business plan and that means pursuing targeted growth initiatives, launching innovation, reducing cost and returning capital to shareholders. We have made excellent progress with these strategies overtime and I expect that to continue going forward. On the innovation front, we will continue to roll out new and improved products in K-C International, particularly diapers, premium feminine care and adult care. In North America, we launched a number of innovations in the second quarter that will be fully supporting in the back half of this year. We will also be introducing innovations on our U by Kotex and Poise brands in the third quarter. In terms of our financial target for 2013, on the top line, we continue to expect full-year organic sales growth of 3% to 5%. Performance should be led by K-C International, which continues to target high single-digit growth. We now expect that currency will be a one to two point drag on the topline with recent spot rates implying a drag of about two points. Our previous assumption for an impact of 0% to minus 1% on the topline. The one to two point topline drag from currency should cause us similar negative translation impact on the bottomline, along with additional negative transaction effects. Despite the more negative current environment, we are also reconfirming our full year adjusted earnings target of $5.60 to $5.75 per share. We expect to overcome additional currency headwinds primarily from higher FORCE cost savings, as Mark mentioned. In terms of selling prices in this environment, in K-C International we will be opportunistic and improving our net realized revenue wherever were able to do. While we arent planning any significant new price increases in the near-term, if spot currency rates are maintained, I will expect that some increases will occur in some market. As usual our earnings guidance is based on foreign exchange rates effected over the balance of the year. As currencies hold their recent spot rates for the balance of the year, it's less likely that our adjusted earnings per share will reach the upper half of our guidance range. In the past few years, as currency rates have moved in one direction, we have also seen commodity cost thats generally moved in the other direction and right now, we are not seeing that traditional pattern occur. So even though we expect currency rates to be more negative than our previous plan, our full year outlook for cost inflation continues to be $150 million to $250 million. In fact, if oil prices hold at over $100 per barrel, that could push cost inflation into the upper half of our estimated range. As I am sure you will, we will also continue to closely watch the relationship between currency rates and commodity costs going forward. So, to summarize, we have had a strong first half of the year. We are reconfirming our full-year top and bottom line growth objectives. While the environment has become more volatile recently, we remain optimistic about our prospects to drive profitable growth and to deliver strong returns to shareholders. So that wraps up our prepared remarks and now we will begin to take your questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, the floor is now open for your questions. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: A couple of questions. One is around KCI. So it clearly looks like it has accelerated sequentially, but still kind of lower than historical levels. I wanted to get a sense from you guys whether thats served by macro or an anomalous high growth rate before the distribution gains you had or competition. What is driving that slow down? Then, as part of that, can you give us a sense of consumer tissue clearly being driver recently of KCI growth, is that over a little bit in personal care, is that intentional or is that (inaudible), what are the implications there around capacity and margin, the way you run your business et cetera, so all of that K-C.
Mark Buthman: Yes. Good question, Ali. A couple of quick headlines and I would say overall, we entered some of the key growth markets. We talked about how things are going in China, which continues to go very well and is not really slowing down. Strong growth in Brazil despite some of the economic challenges in Brazil, our team there is executing very well and we are seeing good growth there, a lot of innovation coming in the back half on the Personal Care. Some of that launched in the second quarter in places Russia. You started to see that pickup. I'd say where we are seeing a little bit of maybe slowdown in the quarter was probably the more developed end of the developing markets. So, places like Australia and Korea were a little slower in the quarter. Those were also big businesses for us. They have a disproportionate impact. If you look at the segment split, I mean you still saw a strong Personal Care growth, but one of the swings in the quarter maybe wasn't as obvious, was that Venezuela did very well on Tissue and slowed down on Personal Care. It was really more of a question on what kinds of things did the Venezuelan government want to support in terms of the providing foreign exchange, so they really wanted to emphasize brining bathroom tissue and improving their in-stock position on that, so we had a very strong bath tissue quarter in Venezuela and not as much on the diaper front. Just to put that in perspective just that Venezuela swing was about a third of the volume growth in the KCI tissue number in the quarter.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. So, Venezuela really being the driving factor of that [CK] versus PC.
Mark Buthman: That's margin. I'd say that was the biggest swing factor that had. There wasn't really a fundamental shift in strategy.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. And then another a question which would touch on KCI little bit, but really around the price mix which always for us is a little bit less than we had hoped broadly. And, a couple of things we noticed, one about KCI pricing or price mix wasn't great. I want to get a sense of where you are versus inflation on that and kind of either competitive atmosphere. That's not allowing you to take prices as much as you'd like to. Then secondly, the North America mix number was negative in both segments, so give us a sense of why that is. And, I guess, the overarching piece of this is, (Inaudible) aren't going up. Do you guys have pricing power that really is always tied to commodity prices?
Mark Buthman: Yes. I would say broadly we will try to get more pricing benefit is through mix coupled with innovation. I mean, I would say most of our businesses around the world are not assuming that you are going to get routine list price increases. You'll get it when it's driven by commodities and that's probably you didn't see as much in KCI in the quarter. I mean, KCI had, if you look at price and promotion together, we had two points of improvement in Q2 versus three points in Q1, and so it wasn't remarkably different than what we were expecting going in. We are probably more focused on using our trade funds more effectively in KCI. Now it will be a place that we will count that as some price improvement as we roll forward. Beyond that, we'll get some [price] big currency swings in KCI and we saw some of that in Brazil the first half and in that will play out. If you see big currency swings, eventually you will see some price that moves there as well. On the North American front, we typically have some negative mix built in as more of the categories moved to the larger format tax, but beyond that there wasn't anything else that was going on there that was a big driver.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. So, no extra competition really got any of this from a pricing mix perspective?
Mark Buthman: No. I wouldn't say so.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Thanks very much, guys.
Mark Buthman: Thanks, Ali.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Just a personal account on the volumes? Can you talk a little bit about what's going on in fem care and is that a trend that you would expect to continue?
Mark Buthman: No. The fem care volume in the U.S. was tougher comp. Last year we had double-digit growth, we had some pipeline filled with some new innovation that was launched and so that was more the comparison. Our shares were pretty stable, sequentially, so we didn't see much change and so we are still seeing good growth on U by Kotex and a little bit of weakness on our traditional Kotex, but we've got some good innovation coming across both of those platforms in the coming quarter, so we do feel good about our fem care plan overall.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay and in terms of Europe, can you just remind me, there was reference to solid performance and contributions from non branded business. Is that something that rolls off as we enter the second half or at what point would you expect to see that business go away, if at all?
Mark Buthman: We picked up some private label contracts a year ago and so we are still seeing a favorable comp of those and those will roll off in the second half of the year. We will keep some of it in Italy, but probably we will shed some of that business as we have exited facilities.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay, and in terms of North America, would the pricing benefit you saw in that this year in the quarter, how much of that would have benefitted the quarter versus what you had expected to see in the second half?
Mark Buthman: Well, we took some desheeting in the quarter that will roll into the second half and what you will see is probably more positive price in the second half in tissue in North America and less volume because we count volume in thousands of sheets. So you will see a volume drag and a positive price which net net, for us, works out to be a positive.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay, and just one last question. Speaking on North American tissue. Last quarter you talked about seeing some benefit as a competitor was struggling to put stock on the shelves. Has that started to reverse yet? Or is that something that you are able to maintain?
Mark Buthman: I think we have heard and again, this is more anecdotal that they have returned to normal service and promotional levels by the end of the second quarter. Albeit, they are at a lower market share than earlier. So we are pleased that we picked up share in this environment, private label did as well and we will be watching the competitive environment in the second half. In the mean time, we have got some great innovation coming with some improved Cottonelle there. So we have got a big launch of our Cottonelle Moist. Some improvements on Kleenex. So actually a lot of news in the tissue category coming in the second half that we feel pretty good about.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay, and just one last question on inflation. You mentioned oil. I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about Pulp. It seems like they are starting to be mounting pressure. Is that something that you would expect in your second half or not?
Mark Buthman: Well, our northern softwood guidance for the year really didnt change in the quarter. We still call it $8.90 to $9.10 on average for the year ago. It will be above that in the third quarter but we buy a lot more Eucalyptus than northern softwood and we are actually seeing Eucalyptus trend down just a bit sequentially. So we do think that with the weaker Brazilian currency given that all the Eucalyptus producers sell in dollars, there is less need for them to get the price increase in this kind of environment. I think the other offsetting factor that we dont talk as much about is recycled fiber. We by about 1.2 million tons of recycled fiber a year and thats actually been softer market. So overall fibers is tracking pretty close to our expectations.
Operator: Our next question comes from Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital: Good morning. Could you talk a little bit about the organic sales growth pickup you expect in the second half? Given that KCI sales growth has trended about 9% for the last six quarters, this really suggests the pickup in developed markets. So where is it coming from? What are the new products you are especially focused on? And I hate to ask, but what is Cottonelle Moist?
Mark Buthman: Well, if you look at the Cottonelle, we have got a new talk about design that would be a moist bathroom tissue product. Its a great product, great category, growing rapidly. We will have to get you some, Connie, to try it but thats probably one are that we think would be a good growth opportunity. We have got our new Sung and Dry diaper in market. We are going to put even more muscle to be competitive behind that in the second half and we would expect to see a better baby and child care result overall in the second half than we had certainly in the second quarter. We have got some new Poise light bladder leakage products out as well. We have got a new Depend campaign that we are launching, that for those of you that are watching the British Open this weekend, have got to watch Tony Siragusa pitching for protect your manhood with some new Depend Guards. So we will have those products that are going to start going. So shifting to some of the B2B businesses. We also would expect to see an uptick in KCP in the second half. We really werent satisfied with our growth in North America in KCP in the second quarter. Some of that categories was with manufacturing being a little weak and some of the laboratory services there that even make business a little weak, but we still expect to see a better performance there in during the second half.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital: Okay. And, also could you comment on the uptick in forth saving, whether the projects that are kicking in to contribute $50 million extra. Then also just very generally, how do you manage to take out hundreds of millions of dollars of cost every year without hitting some sort of institutional to peak?
Mark Buthman: Well, I mean, really, Connie, our teams are energized about the cost savings initiatives and each of our teams around the world is looking at that as a way to fund our future growth, so by identifying and delivering cost savings in areas that are our consumers and customers don't care about, we're able to invest more in R&D, investment in strategic brand building and help grow our business overall, so we really view that as part of the healthy growth model for our business going forward. And, so the big areas that we continue to work on, we started up a global procurement organization several years ago. We are continuing to build capability in that function around the world and sharing information better, doing more cost structure modeling of our suppliers to understand where we are adding cost and if we change our specification, we can deliver a better value overall, so that's a big bucket for us. We are doing a lot on productivity and best practice sharing, so we measure productivity in the same way around the world and are sharing best practices. The great news is that are our best performing facilities are getting even better, so we still see a healthy gap for us to attack between our best performing facilities and our worse performing facilities. Then the third area is product specification changes looking at the design of our products, how do we designed for value where we are taking things out that the consumer isn't concerned about, so all three of those areas contributed again in the second quarter and we've got a pretty robust pipeline of ideas for the future that we are going to go chase that give us confidence in our ability to deliver at that level.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays: Thanks. Good morning. I had a question about the strategic spending. So, first off, down $20 million in the quarter that was kind of how you had planned things out and if you are expecting that to ramp up in the second half as the innovation activity picks up.
Mark Buthman: Yes. Absolutely. We were a little heavy last June. The second quarter was the fem wellness in the U.S. and then obviously exiting some categories in markets. We didn't spend as much in Europe as we would have last year, so those are the two big drivers of the change in the quarter, but we've also had quite a bit of innovation coming in the second half and I would expect us to spend more on strategic A&P, sequentially than we did in the first half. We will get a little bit of a currency benefit in some markets. If you look at it from our standpoint, but we still think for the full year, we'll spend at least as much as a percent of sales and maybe even a bit higher on strategic A&P this year.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays: Okay. Great. The Poise wellness launch and it's now been a year, so where does that stand in terms of distribution? What Try On repeat has been like and so on? Because you guys have certainly have a track record of trying to cover new ground in some of your categories since it takes a bit longer to take hold.
Mark Buthman: Yes. I think, we've seen all over the world kind of mixed results. In some markets it's going great and in some markets it's one of the leading [skews] in category. In North America, it's a little slower than we would have expected and so we are regrouping and trying to make sure we know what the next steps are us there, but we do think there is a big insight here and a great consumer need and we will keep working at it. In the meantime, we've got some great growth stories around the world to continue to drive.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays: Okay. Great. And my final thing was just Viva and shelf space, I think last quarter you guys had said you were just about back up to historic levels. Is that still true or was there more to go?
Mark Buthman: Well, I think Viva is about on track with our expectations so far this year in the U.S. And, again, we would continue to see that opportunity there for innovation and growth going forward, but right now we are managing that at about the level that we can support.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Faucher with JPMorgan.
John Faucher - JPMorgan: Hi. Good morning. You guys talked about the adult market in the U.S. growing sort of currently high-single digits there. I guess, as we look out over the next couple of years, what do you think is a more sustainable growth rate for that? Can you talk about category penetration versus the overall size of the category and how you are really thinking about that longer term from a growth standpoint? Thanks.
Mark Buthman: This is a great question. Even today, thats a relatively underpenetrated category in the U.S. So we think relative to the possible needs stay we may be something line 40% penetrated in the U.S. Now they may be using other products for institutional format but there is other ways that we really think we can drive growth in this category. Then broadly, as you look outside the U.S., the birth rate in many parts of the world is even lower than is in the U.S. and the populations are aging and people are living longer. So thats why we are so excited about the global growth prospects for our Depend business and our Poise business. So we think there is a lots and lots of growth ahead for those brands as we move forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Caroline Levy - CLSA: I wondered if you could whether your China plant opened?
Mark Buthman: Yes. I was there and cut the ribbon. I think it was in April. So China plant in Nanjing is doing well. It had a great start up with a lot of support from our Korean team. It was over to help with training and start up support. It had one of the best start ups in the history of Kimberly-Clark. So they are off to up and running and they have built a great capability and it is going to support the growth in China. They kept reminding we are need even more capacity at the rate our business is growing. So I think that will be a trip we will be making pretty regularly here in the future.
Caroline Levy - CLSA: Thats great. I am trying to understand whether this is transformationals for margins and growth opportunity? Or whether this is just a step in the right direction?
Mark Buthman: Well, I think getting to local manufacturing will certainly help the margin picture in China. On the other hand, when you are growing at 45%, there is still going to be importing some product to keep up with that growth rate. So its a balance but China is hitting its expectations for our plan this year where we are 85 cities now with Huggies versus 80 last quarter and still expect to get to 90 by the end of the year. The team over there is executing at a very high level.
Caroline Levy - CLSA: I know that you have gone to a more mainstream product from super premium but I am just trying to understand if the opening of local production offsets any potential any margin hit from selling more mainstream just as premium? Also, if you are taking a lot of market share, just given your growth rates, it was really high.
Mark Buthman: Yes, I think we picked up a couple of share points in China over the last year. Its a big market and so we are coming off a smaller base. So as we are moving in to participate in a broader segment of the category thats part of it. I will also tell you, we are launching a super, super premium product to come at the very top end of the market. So we will actually be creating a new tier for those consumers that want the very best for their babies. So we have got a lot of action in China and are really trying to make sure we are available in all the formats that a mom might want.
Caroline Levy - CLSA: That's very helpful, thank you. Just on Brazil, there were some categories in consumer but more beverage related that seemed to have taken a big hit. Did you have any reaction from consumers that you had noticed in Brazil? So aside from currency issues, were there any delivery problems? Was there any change in the takeaway trends in your business?
Mark Buthman: None. Really nothing to speak of. We are still expanding and growing in Brazil as well. So actually our board was in Brazil for a week in June. We cut the ribbon on a new plant in the North Eastern part of Brazil. So we are expanding our capability in that market as well and seeing the growth results from that.
Caroline Levy - CLSA: And able to take some price to offset currency then?
Tom Falk: Yes. We took some price in the first quarter, really following some of the currency change that ran up in 2012. We are able put that into the market. The encouraging thing was, you saw the double-digit volume growth in diapers even with the double-digit price increase. So it was a good result, good execution by the team there.
Caroline Levy - CLSA: Last one. Thank you so much and this is North America. It looks like you did loose some share and you may tucked on this in diapers to Proctor. Is there enough innovation coming in the back half, you think that could shift? Do you see any hope for the market as soft to be a little better in the back half?
Tom Falk: In diapers and our share calculation, we were flat sequentially and down about a half a point year-over-year and Lowe's was a big share gainer. Actually Lowe's took share from Pampers and from Huggies in the quarter. There was some hot promotional price points in certain channels that drove that and so we are going to make sure we are competitive and responsive to what's happening in the marketplace and we have got some terrific innovation that's launching that we are going to make more noise about in the back half so we would hope to recover some of those share impacts in the back half of the year.
Caroline Levy - CLSA: Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Olivia Tong with Merrill Lynch.
Olivia Tong - Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Just wanted to touch a bit little more on organic sales growth, so you are at 3 to 5 to our target, what gets you to the 5 end of the range as opposed to the 3 end of a range?
Tom Falk: Well, I think this year quite frankly it'll be a bit of a challenge given that half of the year is already in the books at the three end of the range. But you if looked at it broadly and said, our categories are growing 3% to 4%, so to get to five you've got to take some share, you got to have some innovation beyond your core category growth. So, we think that's doable, but we also would say 3 to 5 is probably the range to plan for and we want to deliver that consistently over a long period of time.
Olivia Tong - Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thanks. Then you typically run through how many categories where you gain shares flat versus down. Can you run through that quickly?
Mark Buthman: Yes. Maybe I will turn that over to Paul, but in the U.S. I think we were flat for up year-over-year and 5 off 8 or something like that. Paul, is that about right?
Paul Alexander: Yes. That's right and we were down in three categories in those three where diapers as Tom has mentioned down about half a point, also down about half a point in facial tissue and about a point in child care.
Mark Buthman: Very high share base we've gotten nearly mid-60s kind of share there.
Olivia Tong - Merrill Lynch: Got it. Then just following up on child care, what drove the volume decline? Is that related to weather since you called out the Little Swimmers or is it something more systemic there?
Mark Buthman: I really hate blaming anything on the weather, because it sounds kind of lame but we did have a cooler weather spring this year and we had a hotter drier spring last year. I think that's part of it, so Little Swimmers was the little softer this period of time. We don't think we are still digging into that to understand what's going on there and will we see that business come back over the summer month, so that's part of it. I think the diaper category overall, the birth rate was lower than we expected or longer than we expected. That's kind of piling up a little in the child care category, so that's a little weaker. So, those were some of the factors that drove that and so that's one that we are kind of big into a little bit in the second half as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Hi. Good morning. Did I catch you saying earlier in the call that your categories in North America were sluggish in the second quarter? Did you mean they were slower than in the first quarter? And, if so, why would that be?
Mark Buthman: Yes. I think in K-C Professional in particular you see things manufacturing both particularly seeing a little bit slower. We have a small scientific business that sells a lot into laboratories to do research and that one segment seems to have been a little bit more affected by the sequester, where any government funded research is more discretionary has been closed down, so that was a little weaker. Things are related to welding in general, where we sell a fair amount of supplies into that space were a bit slower. Other segments like lodging, we are okay. So, you saw that was pretty stable. Health Care, which affects both, our Health Care business and our KCP business, was less negative in the second quarter but was still negative in terms of overall surgeries. I think, year-to-date, the best data we have seen that surgeries are down about 3% is more like more of that in the first quarter than in the second, but still a drag year-on-year.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Okay, so there wasn't any particular weakening in the categories for tissue or personal care?
Mark Buthman: I think tissue and personal care or probably the child care segment was weaker than we had expected and it's a bit of a seasonal business because of the impact of Little Swimmers. So it's not always fair to compare that sequentially because, you will probably see, we sold more Little Swimmers in the second quarter than the first quarter but that's not necessarily a value comparison.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: So that would probably be weather, so that wouldnt persist into the second half?
Mark Buthman: Yes.
Operator: The next question comes from Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research: I have a question with regards to tissue margins. The negative leverage that you have in the quarter, considering that you have better savings, you have the volume benefits from Georgia Pacific, you have positive pricing and the commodity impact seems to be coming on the lower end of your forecast. So why is it that margins fade in the last quarter and we have this margin contraction in this quarter?
Mark Buthman: Yes, a good question, Javier. Two key drivers of that. One is, facial issue is our weakest in the second quarter and that's a higher margin item than the overall basket in consumer tissues. So obviously we do pretty well in the fourth quarter and first quarter with cold and flu. Second quarter, you have got spring allergy but it's an easy or light facial tissue quarter. So that affects your margin mix in that segment. The second driver was, in Europe, we had quite a bit of startup activity around some new Andrex product improvements that we are preparing. That was a drag on margin in the second quarter versus the first. That asset went down in the second quarter. I was in Europe in late June and went to the plant to see the new process and we are excited about the new product we are going to be making in the balance of the year but it did cost us some margin in the second quarter.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research: Thank you, and changing businesses, on healthcare, it has been negative for the past four quarters. Would you explain us what part of the business, I know that it's kind of like a conglomerate of different businesses, but what is happening there? Why we have four quarters in a row of negative sales growth? Thank you.
Tom Falk: Yes. A couple of things. The underlying category trends we have talked a little about that the number of surgeries has been less than we have thought. I think everybody in the healthcare space is trying to figure that out. I think the best guess we have heard is that it's more and more consumers are in high deductible, consumer directed healthcare plans and that that's part of it. I think the other part is that you are seeing more of a push to alternate therapies before surgery. So rather than getting your knee sculped, go do PT for a couple of months and see how that goes before he puts in the hospital and cuts your knee open. So that's part of the of it. I think the other part that, as a synthetic nitro prices ran up last year, we were pretty aggressive on pricing on disposable exam gloves, and as a result, we have shut some volume in that process but it was lower margin volume and while it hurts your topline comparison, it's the right thing to do to get that business moving in the right direction.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research: Understood, and finally on China. If you can tell us what is the organic sales growth, not jus the volume just to understand what is the impact on price mix from the roll out of the mid-tier diaper, if you could please?
Tom Falk: Yes. I mean there is not much price mix in that number. It's a pretty clean number. I will ask Paul if he wants to give you a more precise estimate.
Paul Alexander: Yes, Javier, On a rounded basis the 45% volume growth for diapers would have been 40% plus on total organics. So, as Tom said, not much difference there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: Hey, good morning, folks. Thanks for the question. We closed on China. So I guess I will kind of pick that back up. You have been having a trend of success in the diaper market in China. We are hearing of new competitors or the existing competitors plan to get more aggressive, Kao, LG, Pigeon and even Biostime, who has had good success in formula trying to come out in diapers as well. Should we be concerned about this or is this just more in your ways in par for the course?
Mark Buthman: Everybody wants a piece of China, so when you go over there you will find every company you've ever heard of is trying to build the business there and so I think we are competing pretty well, but it's a big market and there is room for lots of competitors, but we also expect at some time it will rationalize. There's still hundreds of diaper brands that are local in the Chinese market. There's probably thousands of fem care brands as you add them up all across China. In the mean time, we are aiming at mom. We are doing well in the digital space in China, which is increasingly important channel, so we actually have a higher share in e-com in China than we would in the measured outlets and so we really feel like we have got underpinnings with great products, great brands and the team is executing pretty well on the field right now.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Back to U.S. real quick. Tissues, the facial tissue business, we saw the effect of (Inaudible) in the Nielsen data this past period. We also saw your market share take a pretty substantial step back. Is that just temporary on your transition here to the new [count] or is there the reason to be worried about price gaps going forward?
Mark Buthman: We usually see a dip in second quarter from first quarter, because there is a lot of promotion around cold and flu and we don't promote it heavily in the spring, because the consumer need isn't as great and so we typically see a dip in second quarter from first quarter, so little deeper than last year so you are down year-on-year, but we would expect that to come back from a dollar share standpoint in the back half
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks a lot, guys. I will pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Hey. Guys good morning. When we are assessing the margin benefits from the European divestitures because obviously you are exiting zero margin businesses. Then I just kind of look at the SG&A cost and yes they were down year-over-year in dollars. Is that a trend that might continue throughout the year as the European thing starts to get some more attraction?
Mark Buthman: Yes. You are starting to see some of the margin improvement year-on-year in personal care from the European exit, so that's part of the year-on-year increase from that standpoint. We are well through the overhead savings. We should see a bit more of that flow in, in the back half, but I don't know if it will be big enough that we will call out in the G&A numbers but we'll expect to see the overall margin improvement from Europe will be a part of the story this year for sure.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Great. Then maybe I'm looking at the wrong data, but even with this number that I have, so it's up quite a bit year-over-year. Am I just looking at the wrong stuff or you guys kind of looking at the forward curve?
Tom Falk: No. I mean I think the stuff we see, I don't Paul if you've got the specific data on year end? We're spending about $800 average for the year and I think the July price was [8.15] or something like that, so we are in the ballpark on that like that. It's up a bit. I think last year's average was 795?
Paul Alexander: Yes. That's about right. I think, Bill, in the first half of the years it is up year-over-year and Tom's comments earlier were referring that from here forward we are starting to see prices come back down in July and August.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Got you. Thanks so much guys. I appreciate it.
Operator: This time we have no other questioners in the queue.
Paul Alexander: All right. Thank you, David. We will wrap up with our comments from Tom.
Tom Falk: Very good. Well, once again we are pleased with the execution in the first half, not satisfied with the top line and expect us to see us continue to execute our global business plan and deliver value for shareholders. Thank you very much for your interest and support of Kimberly-Clark.
Paul Alexander: Thank you.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Alexander - Vice President, Investor Relations Tom Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Mark Buthman - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mike Azbell - Vice President and Controller 
Analysts:  Gail Glazerman - UBS Wendy Nicholson - Citi Research Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein Linda Bolton Weiser - B. Riley & Company Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Chris Ferrara - Bank of America  Alice Longley - Buckingham Research  Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research Jason English - Goldman Sachs Caroline Levy  CLSA Leigh Ferst - Wellington Shields Linda Bolton Weiser - B Riley & Company 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience in holding. We now have your presenters in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of todays presentation, we will open the floor for your questions. At that time, instructions will be given as to the procedure to ask if you would like to ask a question. It is now my pleasure to introduce todays first presenter, Mr. Paul Alexander. 
Paul Alexander: Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter earnings conference call. Here with me today in Dallas are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO; and Mike Azbell, Vice President and Controller. Here is the agenda for our call. After an opening comment from Tom, Mark will begin with the review of first quarter results. He will also provide an update on the strategic changes we are making in Europe. Tom will then provide his perspectives on our results and the outlook for the full year, and we will finish with Q&A. We have a presentation of todays materials in the Investors section of our website, which is kimberly-clark.com. We will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. We will also be referring to adjusted results and outlook. Both exclude certain items described in this mornings news release. The release has further information on these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. Now, I will turn it over to Tom. 
Tom Falk: Well, good morning everyone. I just thought it would be appropriate for me to start this morning by commenting that we are well aware that the eyes of the nation are on the events that are unfolding this morning in Boston, and I just like to start by offering our condolences regarding the tragic event that happened earlier this week in Boston, and please know that the thoughts and prayers of everyone at Kimberly-Clark as well as those of the entire nation are with the families of the victims of this terrible event. Id also like to let you know that we are sitting down here in Dallas, Texas very close to the small town of West Texas, and so we would like to also extend our deepest sympathies to our neighbors to the south as they deal with the aftermath of the explosion of the fertilizer plant that happened at that small community this week. So, its truly been a difficult week for Americans in various places across the country. So, I just thought we should start with that and remind everyone whats really important going on around us today, but with that, I will turn it over to Mark Buthman. 
Mark Buthman: Okay, thanks Tom. Good morning everyone. Let me start with the headlines. First, we achieved organic sales growth of 3% that included increases of 6% in our North American consumer tissue business and 5% in K-C International. Second, we delivered adjusted earnings per share of $1.48, thats an all-time record and up 19% year-on-year boosted by strong cost savings. And third, we continue to allocate capital in shareholder friendly ways through dividends and share repurchases. Now, lets cover the details of the quarter. First quarter sales were $5.3 billion, up 1% versus last year. Underlying organic sales rose 3% versus a tough comparison of 6% growth a year ago. The results this quarter were driven by increased volumes of 2%, higher net selling prices of 1%. Unfavorable currency rates and lost sales in conjunction with our restructuring activities each reduced sales by 1 point. First quarter adjusted gross margin was 34.6%. Its up 140 basis points from last year. The increase was driven by organic sales growth and $85 million of FORCE cost savings partially offset by $35 million of input cost inflation. We are off to a great start with our FORCE program this year relative to our full year target of $250 million to $300 million. Our teams are pushing hard to free up funds to reinvest to field our business and to drive additional bottom line growth. Moving down to P&L between the line spending increased 10 basis points as a percent of sales and that was driven by small increases in G&A. Strategic marketing spending was down slightly, mostly due to the timing of innovation launches, which relative to last year are going to be more towards the latter part of the year. Other income and expense benefited from a gain in the sale of some non-core assets. Adjusted operating profit rose 16% with an operating margin of 16%, thats up 200 basis points compared to prior year. Really encouraged by our margin performance to start the year as both our growth and operating margins were highest we have achieved in 3.5 years. The first quarter adjusted effective tax rate was 30.8% now thats up from last year but its in-line with our full year targeted at 30% to 32%. Equity income was up 36% in the quarter as K-C Mexico had a great start to the year. So putting it all together, first quarter adjusted earnings per share rose 19% to a $1.48 as well above of what we expected three months ago and plus continued momentum in KC International, strong cost savings and above plant volume growth in our North American consumer tissue business. Now turning to cash flow, cash provided by operations in the first quarter $607 million thats up 4% year-on-year. The improvement was driven by earnings growth, a smaller increase in working capital relative to last year now is partially offset by higher cash debt payments. We continue to allocate capital and shareholder from ways with the first quarter dividend payments in share repurchases totally nearly $800 million. In February we announced our 41st consecutive annual increase in the dividend, the 9.5% increase should help maintain our position as a top-tier dividend payer. In addition we repurchased $0.5 billion of KMB stock in the quarter. We continue to expect full year repurchases to be between 1 billion and 1.2 billion. Now Im going to highlight a few areas from our segment results for the quarter. We first look here organic sales growth is 4% with volume growth of 3% and net selling prices up 1 point. Compared to a tough comparison of the year, our toughest comparison for the year KC International had another good quarter with organic sales up 7%. We continue to make excellent progress with targeted growth initiatives in KCI. This momentum helped offset volume declines in Venezuela and in Australia where heavy diaper promotions last year affected the comparison. Tom will talk more about KCI in minute. Also in Personal Care organic sales were flat in North America and up double digits in Europe. First quarter Personal Care operating margins of 18.4% rose a 150 basis points. Improvement was driven by organic sales growth, cost savings and higher production volumes personally offset by increased by between the lines investment, cost inflation and unfavorable currency effects. Moving to consumer tissue, organic sales were up 5%, a volume growth of 4% and slightly higher selling prices. The volume increase was highlighted by double digit growth in North America for high margin Cottonelle bath tissue and KLEENEX, Facial Tissue both brands improved market shares in the quarter. In addition, Cottonelle benefited from increased promotions support in a strong cold flu season help boast KLEENEX volumes. Consumer tissue operating margins rose 200 basis points in the quarter. Margins benefited from organic sales growth, cost savings and lower between the lines spending partially offset by cost inflation. Turning to KC Professional, organic sales were even with last year has improved pricing in (inaudible) set by slightly lower volumes. Despite a relatively flat top-line our KCP team continues to drive our profitability by delivering cost savings and improving mix. First quarter operating margins of 18% were up 230 basis points year-on-year. Lastly healthcare organic sales were down 1% driven by lower surgical and infection prevention volumes which were impacted by a slowdown in surgical procedures in the U.S. in the first quarter. Operating margins were down 200 basis in the fourth quarter, overall healthcare results were behind plan but our team is focused on improving performance throughout the balance of the year. Before I turn it over to Tom let me update you on a strategic changes were making in Europe. Overall were moving quickly to implement the changes. Were on track with our operating plan for the year. We have stopped selling Huggies diapers in 13 countries so far. We expect to exit the remaining five markets in this second quarter so the impact on our top-line will build over the remaining part of the year. Our diaper facility in the UK will start production mid-March and our Spanish facility is likely to close in May. We have also reached agreements to sell our polish consumer tissue business and that transaction is expected to close on the third quarter. Given our progress so far we have narrowed our estimate for cumulative charges by raising the low end of the range by $50 million, we continue to expect the cash cost will be 50% to 60% of the total charges for the restructuring program. Now regarding the brands were retaining in Europe it's solid performance in the first quarter and as bath tissue volumes improved and our market share rose into the high 30s, in Personal Care, Huggies baby wipes volumes grew at a double-digit rate. So, we got more work ahead of us in the next two quarters will be important as we shed additional sales in overhead cost, but I am confident that our European team has focused and now execute the plan very well. So, that wraps up my comments. To recap, we generated solid organic sales growth. We delivered strong margins, an all-time record adjusted earnings per share, and we continue to allocate capital in shareholder friendly ways. Now, I will turn it over to Tom. 
Tom Falk: Thanks Mark, and since Mark has reviewed the quarter in detail, I will just add that our overall results were excellent. So, we are only one quarter into the year and we have got more work to do, but I am pleased with our solid organic sales growth, our strong margin improvement, record earnings per share, and our capital allocation, which was very shareholder friendly. So, I want to focus my comments this morning on our consumer businesses in North America and K-C International, and then I will talk about our full year outlook. So, let me start with North American consumer. The two primary objectives for this business this year are to improve our brand positions and to increase our operating profit, and we are off to a very good start in both areas. In terms of market positions, we improved or maintained market share in 7 of the 8 consumer categories that we track. And that included solid gains in Kleenex facial tissue, Pull-Ups training pants, Huggies baby wipes, U by Kotex feminine care products and our Poise and Depend brands. As Huggies diapers were shared through down about 1 point versus the last year quarter, we are currently launching our best ever snug and dry diaper and an improved slip on diaper. So, regarding the bottom line, our North American consumer business had a very good quarter with excellent FORCE savings, improved manufacturing costs, and volume growth in our high margin brands, including Poise, Depend, and Pull-Ups. Now, thats particularly true in consumer tissue, where volumes for our Kleenex and our Cottonelle brands were very strong as Mark mentioned. Although that level of volume growth would be tough to repeat, we are encouraged by our momentum that we are optimistic about our second quarter innovation that we have got coming on both of those brands. So, I am pleased with our overall performance in our North American consumer business. Now, lets shift to K-C International. Our first quarter organic sales growth was more than 5% and thats consistent with our first quarter plan for the year. KCI faced its most difficult comparison of the year in the first quarter with 13% organic sales growth in the base period last year, and we continued to expect that KCI will deliver high single-digit organic sales growth for the full year. Working together with our global brand teams, KCI is making further progress with these growth initiatives. In diapers, we continued to innovate across our portfolio and we have expanded diaper pants in the more parts of the world, but that strategy continues to deliver strong results in key markets. In China, where Mark and I were just visiting recently, our diaper volumes increased 50% and they have benefited from innovation, market share gains, and category growth. Huggies are now available in 85 cities in China, and thats up from about 80 cities at the end of last year. In Russia, our diaper volumes increased by about 10% in the quarter. As in Brazil, diaper volumes were up by about 5% and were affected as expected by selling price increases that we recently implemented because of the weaker real. The increased pricing and improved product mix brought total organic sales growth in Brazil for diapers to be about 15%. And in all three of these markets, we have premium diaper innovation launching in the second quarter. We also have new manufacturing facilities starting up in China and Brazil to support our growth plans. And other businesses within K-C International are feminine care organic sales were up high single-digits and we continue to rollout premium executions that are very similar to the U by Kotex launch in North America. And finally, in adult care and baby wipes both of these businesses delivered double-digit organic sales growth in the quarter building on our momentum that we achieved last year. And just like we have got in North America, we are building the adult care category in K-C International with our Poise and Depend brands. And in baby wipes, we have good momentum in South Korea and Latin America, and we will be expanding capacities to support our growth plans. So, overall, we remain very excited about our prospects to drive strong top and bottom line growth in K-C International. Now, let me turn to the outlook. In terms of our 2013 earnings guidance, we are now targeting adjusted earnings per share in a range of $5.60 to $5.75, raising about $0.10 higher than our previous outlook and reflects our strong first quarter performance and our plans to continue to reinvest back in the business for our long term success. We expect to make additional progress on targeted growth initiatives with a particular focus on KC International and we have a lot of innovation coming in the balance of the year and we will support that innovation and these growth initiatives with higher levels of strategic marketing. We also got a number of new assets starting that will support our growth plans later this year. The same time we will continue to focus on generating cost savings to make sure we can fund our investments and improve our profitability. So far input cost and currency rates are tracking in the range of our previous assumptions. Were optimistic about our opportunities and we believe that our prospect to drive profitable growth have never been better. So to summarize were off to an excellent start in 2013. Were pleased with our progress but were reaching for more and we remain convinced that our global business plan will continue to deliver value for our shareholders. So that wraps up our prepared remarks and now we will begin to take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from (inaudible). 
Unidentified Analyst: Wanted to ask I noticed you had a pretty accelerated pace of buyback in the first quarter I mean more than half of what you plan to do for the year and I was just wondering with the strong results why you might not top that up a little bit given that you have already done so much. 
Tom Falk: Our plan heading into the year just like we did last year was to be a little bit front end loaded on share repurchases given the cost of commercial paper. Were still holding course, we had a billion to billion two in our outlook for the year, we still think thats a good plan. So if it plays out if we have more cash flow obviously thats one of the options we have got to deploy it. 
Unidentified Analyst: Got you and the second question I had was and I might be missing a little something here but on K-C International I never said in tissue I know thats not the bigger focus, it's obviously personal care and you mentioned that the volumes grew 4% and of course youre coming off a strong 12% gain a year ago. What should we see that sort of normalize that in personal care in the emerging K-C International markets, I mean it's 4% kind of the number we should go with as we look ahead or I think based on Toms comments should we look for something maybe a little bigger than that going forward. 
Tom Falk: I think in K-C International the volumes were pretty flat on consumer tissue. We did take up some price and mix on that front and thats done well, I think the volumes were down a percent. So again were not adding a kind of additional capacity there and are focusing on driving mix in revenue realization and getting our margins up and you saw some of that improvement in the quarter. 
Unidentified Analyst: I was really talking more about personal care. 
Tom Falk: On the personal care front, I would say the toughest comp in the first quarter and so we would expect to see what the innovation picking up in the last three quarters of the year we will see a little bit better growth from personal care going forward. 
Mark Buthman: Yes if you look at relative to our 3% to 5% top-line Chip obviously personal care in KCI is going to be higher as part of a mix. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS. 
Gail Glazerman - UBS: I just wondered if you could talk a little bit more about exactly what surprised you in the first quarter and I guess just trying to reconcile that with the guidance sort of the rest of the year. Last call you talked about actually expecting the second half to be improved relative to first and it doesnt feel like thats consistent with the current guidance and I know you were just talking about the innovation type one (ph) and that will flow through the next few quarters, so can you give a little bit of color there? 
Tom Falk: Yes thats a fair push so thats a two things one is consumer tissue in North America was really way ahead of expectations and so Cottonelle volumes were up double digits, KLEENEX facial tissue was up double digits and on the facial tissue front thats probably more of a strong cold and flu season phenomenon and the Cottonelle front one of our primary branded competitors thats not a public company has had some product supply problems and they sensed I know thats what their customers have indicated they were going to have trouble supplying, and that certainly helped our business, and it showed up and they would share a loss and our volume gain in the first quarter. So, we ran everything full and try to take advantage of as much of those business opportunities as we could. So, that certainly helps us. We assume they will work their way out of that problem later in the year, and so thats where we dont expect that level of volume growth in Cottonelle to continue at that kind of a rate. So, that was one thing. And then I think the other thing that was a big positive for us was cost savings, so we had a very strong start to the year on FORCE. Now, you could say gosh, you are over $80 million in FORCE in the third quarter and fourth quarter of last year. So, why were you surprised, but it was a stronger start to the year than we had probably forecasted. That should bode well for our results in the balance of the year. 
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay. And just looking at the European restructuring a little bit, you commented that you arent selling Huggies in, I guess, 13 countries and moving out of the remainder, but I presume you are still selling diapers as with the comments about I think 14% private label growth. And I am just wondering when would you expect to see that trail off? 
Tom Falk: We will honor all of the private label contract commitments we have with our customers in Europe. And so we signed those contracts, they had a certain data which they would renew and we will fulfill the terms of the contract. We will also  we are going to sell diapers in Italy as we noted in the restructuring, and there may be some other private label contracts that will retain post the shutdown of some of the facilities in the UK and Spain. So, I think the good news on the European front is that our other personal care categories in consumer tissue we saw a good growth in the retained portfolio, and we are investing in those and things like Andrex Washlets in the UK. Our Pull-Ups business had a nice improvement in Europe. Our baby wipes business is growing like crazy. And so the strategy that we have had of focusing more on those growth opportunities in that market very early days that we are encouraged by the first quarter performance. 
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay thanks very much. 
Tom Falk: Thanks Gail. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Wendy Nicholson with Citi Research. 
Tom Falk: Good morning Wendy. 
Wendy Nicholson - Citi Research: Hi, good morning. My first question is on China specifically, I know you said that you have gone into, I think five new cities, but can you comment on the competitive environment in China and how your strategy is unfolding in terms of going down market a little bit in pricing? And then second question and I really apologize if I missed it, but did you give us guidance for the year like volumes, price mix, sales growth, if thats in the press release I didnt see it? 
Tom Falk: Okay. Then on the first question on China, Mark and I were just in China and so we did the grand opening of our new mill in Nanchang and got to meet with the China team again, and they are doing pretty well. And so our strategy in Huggies of going to the mid-tier has gone well, and so we are not going all the way down to the lowest tiers in China, where we are staying in the mid to premium tiers. And in fact they are just launching a new Huggies platinum, which is a super-premium tier on top of our existing premium tier. So, we will have three product offerings in China in the very near future, which we will think will appeal to the moms in China, they want the very best product for their babies. I would say the competition from Unicharm is probably the toughest and to a lesser extent Kao, P&G the factor in every segment over there, but we would probably see the toughest competition from Unicharm and Kao at this point in time. But its an exciting market and the team is very energized by success and they are reaching for more. On the guidance front, our primary assumptions didnt change from our full year estimates that we gave you earlier. So, in organic volume for the year, we are looking at overall 3% to 5% organic sales growth, 2% to 3% volume, 1% to 2% pricing mix, currency is going to be about a point drag for the year, and then we will have a couple of points of restructuring drag for the year. And so, that hasnt changed since January which is why we didnt say anything about it in the release. 
Wendy Nicholson - Citi Research: So, the $0.10 lift to the estimates is maybe a little bit from K-C Mexico, its a little bit on the margin side, but it sounds like most of your assumptions are kind of the same as they were? 
Tom Falk: Well, probably we are a little bit ahead in consumer tissue in the beginning of the year. Cost savings are tracked a little ahead, and obviously, Mexico is part of it, but we would expect that Mexico will have a good year just based on where the peso was trading but we planned together. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein. 
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: I wanted a little bit deeper in terms of the kind of dichotomy between all other segments in consumer tissue because without the consumer tissue success I think top-line at least would have been somewhat of disappointing top line results for most folks. So Im kind of understanding consumer tissue I think you have explained us through flu and Cottonelle in particularly. What was the little bit more disappointing I guess on the other end of things, whether it be personal care or in particular KCP or healthcare. 
Tom Falk: Still with healthcare we were surprised and a little disappointed. In fact we started out the year with healthcare was a little bit of a flu pandemic scare and sold a bunch of a face mask in January so we started out pretty strong but then actually you have seen this from some of the healthcare companies that have reported surgical admissions are done about 4% in the first quarter and nobody can figure out why and so everybody has got a hypothesis as to whats going on but we haven't got a good read on that and so I would say as the quarter played out just the underlying category volumes in healthcare were little disappointing and in K-C Professional our washroom business in North America, we saw a kind of low single digit top-line which would be as expected but the safety business was off, part of that was we decided to shut some business in that segment which we knew about but I would also say that it's maybe reflective of kind of a weaker manufacturers environment than maybe we would have hoped going into the year and thats probably is tracking somewhat with what youre hearing in markets around the world. KCI obviously were looking at that as a global deal and so yeah we were slower in Europe than we thought we were going to be we were a little slower and other parts of the emerging markets that we thought we were going to be in. So the B2B business were generally a little slower on the top-line than we would have thought in the plan. 
Paul Alexander: I would just add that overall personal care was right on track with our plan that obviously was a segment that had really strong results last year during the quarter so you probably want to take a look at the comparisons before you take that into account as it reflect on what personal care did this quarter. 
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: You think about the margin story here still in the quarter net-net top-line I think was roughly (inaudible) but the margin is really the big surprise and can you talk a little bit more in detail about disaggregating that? So how much of it was volume leverage? How of it was non-leveraged cost cutting within, I think it includes volume leverage in FORCE and how much of it was price realization or something that Im missing? 
Tom Falk: We dont include volume levers in FORCE, since FORCE is about 85 million and so FORCE net that against the input cost increase was certainly a big driver of that. Better volume was just all by itself was about 30 million and if you look at the change in unabsorbed fixed cost which we track that was another 15 million. So you could look at it and say cost savings is about half of our gross margin improvement and volume including down-time related volume effects was about the other half of it. 
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: And certainly if youre sustainable it sounds like that the way youre talking through it. 
Tom Falk: On the fixed cost absorption front, we took most of our downtime in late 2011 and early 2012 to get inventories in line so the comps will be much easier on that front in the first half of this year so that will start abate a bit in the second half of the year but again we would expect with some of the innovation that we have coming that we will have decent volume growth in the last nine months. 
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Okay my last quick question is on KCI because it's a (inaudible) business and growing so. It's certainly looks like it slowed a bit, you can discuss comps et cetera but one thing that I want to get your perspective is this continued seemingly difficulty of taking pricing in KCI personal care and that might be a competitive issue, that maybe a mix issue but try to understand that outside of Latin America pricing in that category, KCI-PC. 
Tom Falk: We typically take a lot of price where you got cost issues or currency swings and so if you look at the markets where you had this quarter really the two big markets Brazil and Argentina, where there has been the most currency movement as where we got the most price. In the balance of KCI, you look at like China, for example, there hasnt been a lot of currency movement, there hasnt been a lot of commodity cost get really in the Personal Care space. And so we are really focused on driving innovation, driving mix, and so launching a Tier 6 diaper in China is going to do more for us from a margin and putting revenue in the category standpoint than trying to drive a list price change. 
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, thanks a lot. 
Tom Falk: Thanks Ali. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Linda Bolton Weiser with B. Riley & Company. 
Tom Falk: Good morning Linda. 
Linda Bolton Weiser - B. Riley & Company: Hi, just maybe you could give a little more information just to help me understand, because in terms of your organic sales growth, I assume you are still kind of thinking 3% to 5% for the year the previous guidance, and it was at the low end in this first quarter, but you have more innovation coming later, but you have some stuff that kind of helped it like the flu season, but I dont see the comparisons actually getting that much easier. You were pretty strong for all the quarters of last year, just the third quarter was up 3%, but the other quarters were up 4%, 5%, 6%, so how do we have confidence really that you can do little better than 3% later or is this going to be 3% for the year or can you give a little more color on the comparisons issues? 
Mark Buthman: Yeah, I think thats fair. We said our organic target for the year is 3% to 5%. We said organic volume is 2% to 3% and price mix is 1% to 2%, and so we kind of came in at the low end of that in the first quarter. But we really got most of our heavy up innovation coming in the last nine months of the year and we are pretty bullish on what we are going to be doing there. And so I think to move from the bottom end of the range to the top end of the range on organic volume is very doable. And so I think where the plan is unfolding about is we thought it would and we look for that to deliver the things we would worry about a little bit as the continued weakness in healthcare surgeries if that will be a drag, and we would like to see a little bit of an economic improvement benefit KCP, but on the consumer front, we feel pretty good about what we have got common in KCI and in North America. 
Linda Bolton Weiser - B. Riley & Company: Okay. And then can you just give an update, because its been a while since the feminine care, the new brand U was launched and can you give us an update on like how thats doing like what market share it has achieved maybe in the different categories of pads and tampons and all that? And then secondly, can you give an update on the slip-on diaper, because you said there will be an innovation coming on that? Is that an innovation because you need to improve it, because it wasnt working or is that just an innovation to just drive it further in terms of market share gains? 
Tom Falk: Yes, sure. You would like those as we have made steady share progress in the U.S., I think its up to a little over seven shareholder category now, and our total Kotex share is trending around 18, which is up several points from when we started that the U launch. And so we have little bit of softness on volume on our Kotex natural balance in the first quarter and made up for that with continued growth of U by Kotex and have more innovation coming on that brand as the year progresses. And what was your second question, Linda? 
Linda Bolton Weiser - B. Riley & Company: Just an update on slip-on? 
Tom Falk: Slip-on diapers is just continuing to work on improving the product. And so I would say as you know we normally do, we can consistently launch renovation improvements to our diaper and pant lines around the world. And so its a nice improvement to the slip-on diaper one. Again, its one that we would like that to be to pick up a little bit from a share standpoint, its a big idea around the world, and so it will be a good improvement for mom. 
Linda Bolton Weiser - B. Riley & Company: Okay. And just one last thing on, you said you are going to sell a business in the third quarter of the Polish tissue business, I think like does your guidance for the year include a potential gain on sale that might be included in your earnings then or will that be 
Tom Falk: Yes, there was a gain and nearly thats not what I will go through the restructuring line, and no, there wont be any  there is nothing related to that that would be in our guidance. 
Linda Bolton Weiser - B. Riley & Company: Okay. And then the restructuring cost savings in the quarter are you including that in FORCE savings or is that separate, and I am projecting restructuring savings of $40 million for the year, is that about right? 
Tom Falk: Well, in the first quarter, we had about $5 million related to the tissue restructuring that was not included in FORCE. So, that would have brought the total into $90 million including that and coming in the full year. 
Mark Buthman: Linda the $40 million would be right between 2013 and 2014 that would get to our full year $100 million run-rate at the end of 2014 for 2013 it will only be about $15 million. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank. 
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Do you think this is the peak less margin quarter for the year? I just kind of looking at the year-over-year comparison. 
Tom Falk: I hope not, we feel pretty good about the momentum and lot of things working well. You would say on the gross margin front we should see a little bit of increased cost inflation, although in the first quarter we had 35 million which is not too far off, our annualized rate of the guidance so we set a 150 to 250. So I think we will see how that plays out but were encouraged by our progress. As we have launched more innovation, were aiming forth to be margin accretive so that should give us a little bit of upward bump on gross margin as well. So were focused on building that overtime Bill and we hope the first quarter was a good step in that direction. 
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay and then are you tempted to change youre sort of growth algorithm, maybe not in the sales line but it seems like the business mix has shifted so much and a lot of low end margin stuff is out in the business. So shouldnt it be kind of a catch up period in terms of eBay growth which maybe kind of gets you a lift sort of mid-single digit operating profit growth target that you have in the long term. 
Tom Falk: I think the other thing were looking for is particularly with the strong start this year where can we accelerate investments that will benefit our future growth and are we making sure were investing in the brands at the right level to fully take advantage of the innovation opportunity that we have. So were strategic partnering in the first quarter was a little bit lower growth rate than past quarters but we think for the full year were still going to be increasing that and that will be another that we will look for investment. 
Mark Buthman: I would say Bill over the long term 6% to 9% bottom-line, we like to hit that consistently and it's going to require gross margin important, continued investment in the business to do that and so that is consistently hitting our algorithm is really our goal. 
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: And just the private label the big private label boast in Europe is there a change in strategy there? So are you guys going to sort of open yourself to all those private label contracts in some of the smaller markets? 
Tom Falk: I think that was kind of a tactical move a couple of years ago, they are still up existing capacity and as we have excited facilities I think that will be a smaller player in the private label market in Europe overall. 
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: It was a big move right? I mean I think you said organic sales grew up 14% and first in Europe is that just going to get rid of some of the old diaper stuff as you hold the factories down. 
Tom Falk: These were contracts that we entered into last year. So (inaudible) moves like that in the last couple of quarters of 2012 and it's really just contracts that we picked up last year that were roughly a yearlong that will roll off in the second and third quarter. 
Mark Buthman: And remember Bill Baby Wipes volumes were also up-strong double digits also and were keeping that business. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Gere with RBC Capital Markets. 
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets: Two questions one I was wanting if on U.S. both questions are on the U.S. and if you could talk about the retail environment, the course of this quarter we heard comments in some of your big retailers out there about some pressure that were seeing, so I guess one I was wanting if you could just talk about the competitive landscape what youre seeing out there, I know in the food side it looks a little more promotional. So just wondering what you might be seeing up there on the HPC side personal care and tissue and then I have a follow-up question. I will ask afterwards. 
Tom Falk: It's a tough quarter and retail generally, just when you look at some of the comps but I would also say that our categories in consumables they have generally done much better than food in some of the other categories were are more of an essential product line and were also encouraged to see consumers are still responsive to innovation, so when we look at how our new (inaudible) products, these products are performing in the market some of the Baby Wipes products are there in the market. These are our premium priced line extensions and they are doing pretty well from a category standpoint. We saw consumer is still willing to pay for a better product.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, that makes sense. And then I guess the more specific question is on just U.S. diaper, and help me with math right now, I guess U.S. diapers of about 15% of your total sales? Is that right? 
Tom Falk: Globally for U.S. diapers? 
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets: So, U.S. diapers are at 15% of your total company sales after all the adjustments? 
Tom Falk: Yeah, I mean, we would normally dont get into that level of detail, but if you can look at our market shares in the mid 30s, I think you could get a pretty good approximation. 
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets: So, I guess, what I am trying to figure out is that, can you talk about where the category trends are now, because I know last year, they were still down I think at these mid single-digit and its birth rates are starting to stabilize. There should be like a nice swing I guess to your organic sales calculation, so if you go from negative 6, maybe over the next two years, 2%, there is like about 800 basis point kind of swing I guess on the organic sales calculation, you multiply that by 15%, thats over 100 basis points of organic sales. So, I guess, can you just talk me through where we are right now, what are you seeing out there, and you expect over the next maybe two years that you actually see that migration from significantly negative category trends to modestly positive. Can you just kind of walk me through some math here? 
Tom Falk: Yeah, sure. If you look at the diaper category last year, it was probably down a couple of points and our expectation for this year that will be down about a point. And the training pant category last year was down more than that, and that was more of the three years of low birth rates piling up in the category as kids tend to be start Pull-Ups training around age 3, and so training pants is down mid single-digits last year. And its encouraging to see our training pant business is modestly positive, and thats probably because there is some penetration opportunity still in that category, and we have driven things like GoodNites and Little Swimmers, which we count in that metric. And those were doing better than the overall training pant category would have performed. So, I would say, you are probably a little high in your estimate of diapers as a percent of sales and you are probably a little more negative in terms of where the comp was last year and where its going. So, I wouldnt expect you are going to see as much top line lift. And at this point, we would say the birth rate seems to have bottomed out. We hope that it will turn slightly positive later this year, but it will be  the category will still be down a point for the year and hopefully will see a flatter category in 2014. 
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Okay, thanks for the reconciliation. Thanks guys. 
Tom Falk: Yeah. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. 
Tom Falk: Hello Lauren. 
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays: Hi, thanks. Good morning. 
Tom Falk: Good morning. 
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays: Just another consumer tissue margin, because this was I think just north of 15%, the best it had been since 2004 and knowing that there was the benefit little bit of help from flu season this quarter, just want to get some perspective on whether you think 15ish percent obviously has been give and take quarter-to-quarter is sustainable and whether using consumer tissue margins could be higher than mid-teens over time? 
Tom Falk: Well, you may have recalled that we were when tissue margins were down in the high single-digits that we werent pretty  we werent happy with that and we were aiming to get back to the mid-teens. And so now that we are back at the mid-teens, you can imagine that we are not totally happy with that, and we wanted to go higher still, and so its been a good focus on mix and revenue generation and driving premium utilization and launching innovation. And so as you look around the company thinks like, we will have a lot of flushable moist wipe launches this year in North America and all over the world and we are starting to look at other things that we can do with our great tissue brands that bring more margin and revenue into the category. And so thats I think just starting to take hold and so we do have more opportunity to drive margin north in the future and rest assured the team is not stopping at 15%. 
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays: Let me just on the topic of innovation then with the flushable wipes example, thats maybe not a terribly nice question, but sometimes ideas you guys have had that strike you as big ideas havent been quite as successful as hoped, whether its the hand towel or past efforts at flushable wipes like that, what if anything is different now, is it just keep trying until the consumer catches up? 
Tom Falk: Well, I think we are better marketers than we probably were. We tried it in the past. We are listening better to the consumer. We got, as you see, some of the flushable moist execution there, actually this category has been growing. It's just finally get on the radar screen and were getting it in more market. So we have had terrific launch in the UK for example behind androids watch list. And we will take some of that learning and take that into other markets and so I think it. There is a consumer need there and we got better and better product executions and were talking consumer about it in ways that are memorable and starting to drive some new habits. 
Mark Buthman: I think it's fair to say it's takes longer but one of our learning is when youre trying to change habits it just takes longer versus the product youre improving, the consumer uses every day so thats probably fair. 
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays: Okay and then just final question on this your outlook in general for pricing in tissue in North America much has been talked about some of the private label capacity and improving quality and so on and so forth and it certainly sounds like this quarter was a large and not publically traded having some challenges you were bit protected for now but is your outlook at pricing in this tissue category pricing not mix with the same price can remain as positive and stronger as it has been. 
Tom Falk: I would say generally tissue pricing broadly followed big moves in pulp pricing. So our outlook for pulp is pretty stable. Were talking about up 20 bucks a ton or something like that for the year and I think given that youre unlikely to see big swings in tissue pricing. That doesnt mean that it won't be promotional activity at the edges but if we do a great job of driving innovation we should be hopefully let promotional which winds up with more revenue at the end of the day. 
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays: And just one house keeping question, you mentioned that if there was any gain on the Polish sales wouldnt it be part of your numbers but in the release this quarter you mentioned the worse gains on asset on the numbers but so I dont wants the difference or was it just 
Tom Falk: We sold some real estate in North America that we didnt need and so that goes into other income and expense. So if it wasnt related to any of the restructuring activities. 
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays: And thats the difference because it was related to restructuring it would have been excluded. 
Tom Falk: Yes. So if we took a facility that we took a write-off on and has a gain we dont take the write-off and as excluded item and then take the gains through operations. We play straight down the middle. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Ferrara with Bank of America. 
Chris Ferrara - Bank of America : It was kind of striking when you were talking about in diapers in China that I guess you called that Uni-Charm and Kao is the biggest competitors in not so much profit and for probably the largest share play in the market. Just wondering why that is. 
Tom Falk: We look at the best performing product in the market and test against that product to make sure we can make competitive claims and so Uni-Charm and Kao both make some terrific products particularly in the diaper pants area where were growing in many of those markets and they have the strongest product offer that were aiming at and so we test against those and it also make terrific diapers that we have tested again. So Procter is in that for a while and Uni-Charm and Kao are aggressively trying to grow those parts of the business. So we feel like were in the share battle with them as much as anybody. 
Chris Ferrara - Bank of America : And I guess on another note, in Europe I hear youre on the 13 countries exited, can you give an update on sort of the cadence of cost coming out so I know youre saying for the full year, the cost is going to come as fast as the sales have but was that the case for Q1 as well like was there a net profitability impact of the European piece this quarter? 
Tom Falk: Europe had a very solid start for the quarter, so overall their profit was up versus prior year and tracking with the plan even a little bit ahead of their plan and second and third quarter is going to be the key turning point for the cost, the back office cost in particular and the team in Europe is monitoring execution of that plan very carefully and Im confident they are going to deliver on their goals for the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Alice Longley with Buckingham Research. 
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research : My question is about the hikes in your commodity cost, they were up 35 million in the first quarter which seems pretty low versus your annual guidance. Why are you lowering your guidance for the year for commodity cost hikes? 
Tom Falk: But I dont think we are we said $150 million to $250 million is what we think we are going to see in inflation and then we have $35 million in the first quarter. So, if you annualize that, we would be bumping up against the low end of the range. And in the first quarter, I think it was about $15 million was pulp, about $10 million was polymer, about $10 million was distribution cost. And so I would say those are the probably pulp for the full year we expect will be two-thirds of the inflation with the balance being, the other big chunk being distribution and thats both diesel rate as well as carrier rate increases, including some in Latin America, where there has been some big carrier rate increases in Latin America. 
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Okay. But maybe the bottom end of your range, we should  its more likely than the top end, right? 
Tom Falk: But its certainly with the commodity pullback thats happened in the last week or so, that wasnt probably fully reflected in our guidance. You can see in the assumptions we are assuming oil is going to be in the $90 to $100 a barrel range, and natural gas, we are assuming $4 to $4.50, and thats pretty much tracking oil probably the one thats maybe you got a little bit more upside than what we shared with you. Pulp, we still think if you look at Northern softwood, 8.90 to 9 ton, price range is about right. Secondary fiber we are assuming is around $2.60, $2.65, and there maybe a little bit of upside on that, but we will see how the year plays out. 
Mark Buthman: Yeah, I think the cost analysis is especially with oil, I mean, its on the bottom of the CNBC News screen every day, and its just  its too easy we have learned to focus on current day pricing. And I think our range of $150 million to $250 million for the year is still a good call and gives us some flexibility in the guidance, if oil or natural gas or fiber run up on us in the whole year. 
Tom Falk: And currency rates are also obviously a key factor here a lot of times, they move in opposite direction with input costs. 
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Okay. And the follow-up to this is you never really give us the base off of which we can run these commodity cost increases, lets say, your commodity costs were up $150 million through the year. Is that an increase below, lets say, 3% organic sales growth we might get 3% to 4%, what was kind of an increase is the $150 million year-over-year? 
Tom Falk: It would be low single-digits. 
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: So, you are getting leverage from that from cost going up less than organic sales growth, correct? 
Tom Falk: Yes, yes. 
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: So, the $150 million would be up like 1%, 2% year-over-year? 
Tom Falk: Yeah, I mean its low single-digit spend, Alice. 
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Yeah, excellent. Thank you. 
Tom Falk: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research. 
Tom Falk: Hello Javier. 
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research: Good morning to everyone. How are you? Question for you, I have two questions, but I would like to just start both in KCI, so I would like to start with China, so you moved 50% right, and certainly I dont think that the market is growing 50%. So, if you can give us the sense of, if you kind of split China basically in Tier 1 and Tier 2 cities, where you were up to last year and then the new cities that you have three cities, which you are penetrating right now. If you can let us know your best guess what is the market growth in Tier 1, Tier 2 cities versus Tier 3 cities? And also what is the market structure, what is your market share in Tier 1 and Tier 2 cities versus your market share in the new cities that you are competing, entering, and also if you can tell us Unicharm and Procter & Gamble diapers share as well divided between Tier 1 and Tier 2 versus the rest which is your rollout as you started last year? That will be my first question. 
Tom Falk: Javier, I think you might have dialed the wrong number, you might be thinking I am Nielsen or something, but I am probably not going to give you that level of detail. I guess, I will say this is that in the large cities and we almost look at a share on a customer by customer basis. So, in the large cities, in the modern trade customers, we would have much stronger share than we would on a national basis. So, its not uncommon to have shares for us north of 20% in the large modern trade and even though our national share in China is probably half of that. And so as you go into new cities, obviously, your share is a lot smaller you are trying to build it with some of the new customers as you go into those markets, and then in we are also doing quite well in e-commerce in China, which is a growing channel, which isnt very accurately measured. And so its s a very dynamic complex market. I also tell you quite honestly in many cases because the Nielsen coverage is still a little spotty but anybody that is quoting you at market shares in China is probably pulling your leg. So Procter is still the share leader, Uni-Charm is probably got a share thats higher than ours overall but we will be competitive in the Tier 1 cities with both of those companies kind of buying for share leadership certainly in our segments in the super premium segment. We would be the share leader; in the mid-tier you typical would see P&G and Uni-Charm with a little stronger shares than we have because were the new comer to that segment. But good news is the category overall we think is growing at least mid-single digits maybe high single digits and so it's still a pretty existing diaper market for us. 
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research: But the mid-single digits if you grew volumes at 50s somebody must have been losing share. So if you can help us understand who is losing share because growing at 15 the market is growing only mid-single digits somebody must be losing share. Do you have any idea what player is sharing for you? 
Tom Falk: I would say probably if you look at the Nielsen data I have seen is probably been P&G and Haugen have been the biggest share of losers. On the other hand you could still lose share and grow volume just give the overall growth of the market. 
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research: But you said you lose mid-single digits and grew 50s so thats why was seeing the share losses and the other question that I have is that you mentioned China growing at 50, Russia growing at 10 and the slowdown was in Brazil to 5 but it's still very strong growth in this big market so which markets went negative. Could it be related on to what extent this is related to a Kimberly specific issue or is broader market issue that will be the case if one of the negative markets I think you flag it was Venezuela? So if you can explain which markets were negative and whether this is a Kimberly specific issue and that will be very helpful. Thank you. 
Tom Falk: The two big negative markets, one is Australia and had more to do with the timing of promotions. So we had more promotional shipments in first quarter 12 than typical thats a big holiday period in Australia, so usually those promotions take place late in the year for whatever reason they happened in the first quarter of 12 they also have happened in the fourth quarter 12. So were a little late in Australia and that was probably the biggest comp change and then Venezuela was a little weak in Latin America overall just related probably more to our ability to get foreign exchange to pay for important product or as you know were disciplined in terms of how we manage that part of the world and so those are the two biggest volume drags in KCI and I guess you could say at least Australia was probably K-C specific and that it was more on timing of promotional shipments in Venezuela. I dont know who you want to give credit to that one for so. 
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research: But in terms of Venezuela how weak is weak? You talked because last quarter because you mentioned that their volumes were down 30% could it be that kind of magnitude in Venezuela for you? 
Tom Falk: It wasnt that, because of the size of the Australia business was in KCI that probably had a much bigger impact on the overall comps than anything else. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. 
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: First to follow-up to Lawrences question, the post tissue exit, how large was that gain this quarter? 
Tom Falk: It wasnt a gain basically we took 
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: I was referring to the non-core asset sale in the quarter. 
Mark Buthman: Non-core asset sale it was the majority income which on adjusted basis was 24 million so it's the majority of that. 
Tom Falk: I guess the other point there Jason is that that was in our plan for the year. 
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: One more follow-up, back to KCI in Brazil. There has been some chatter out of the market of the government trying to tamper the inflation rate by partnering with your retailers giving them some tax relief in exchange for some price cuts. Have you seen or heard about this, if so whats the status or any intentional implications for you. 
Tom Falk: That has not had a big impact on us at this point and I think most of those initiatives have been focused more on food, inflation and less on our categories up to this point. 
Operator: Our next question comes from (inaudible). 
Unidentified Analyst: I just have one question; you were talking about new assets, starting up in the second quarter and maybe for the rest of the year. What kind of assets are they and whats the cost of starting them up and when are they fully operational? 
Tom Falk: We will be adding as I mentioned Mark and I are dedicated a new diaper plan in China so thats under startup, we will be adding some Baby Wipes capacity in a couple of markets around the world so that will be co-format thats the converting assets will be starting up. Were adding some adult care capacity in different markets around the world and so none of them will have the startup impacts like a new tissue a plant would have and all of the startup cost were baked into our plan for the year but it will a bit of an impact as the year progresses. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Caroline Levy with CLSA. 
Caroline Levy  CLSA: Just a little more specific youre in 85 cities already in China. Do you think youre going to be raising your goal because it looks like youre moving pretty quickly there and the second part of the China question is how quickly would you get a margin benefit from manufacturing the line of share of your product locally versus importing? 
Tom Falk: Certainly adding capacity in China will give us a margin boast, we have already got a couple of diaper lines running in China at our existing facility in Nanjing and we manufacture quite a bit of feminine care products in China and we enjoy the margin benefits from that and so by adding the diaper capacity we will give us a boast probably starting later this year and certainly in 2014 once we get past the startup and in terms of raising our goal. Our China team is certainly aggressive and as developing such growth plans they were very enthusiastic when Mark and I were with them earlier this year and our job is to make sure that we can make all their dreams come true. So, we think that will be a good thing for Kimberly Clarke long term. 
Caroline Levy  CLSA: And just in terms of the consumer in China since you just got back any sense of a major shift one way or the other or I mean obviously your business has been growing that there is a lot of concern about the consumer there. 
Tom Falk: You still think good GDP per capita growth even though the overall GDP growth rate has slowed a bit and Chinese moms are moms anywhere else, they want the very best product for their babies. They talk a lot about the little emperors in China where parents really sacrifice a lot to provide the very best for their children and that has impacted us a bit. I mean those children are their future and theyre going to invest in them to make sure that they can be as well-educated and as healthy and as strong as they can possibly be and thats certainly is a trend that abating at all in China. 
Caroline Levy  CLSA: And then if you can talk company overall, your price mix outlook because you had pretty strong price mix growth in the first quarter of last year, thats more modest this year. Is that what we saw in the first quarter kind of what you would expect for the balance of the year for price mix? 
Tom Falk: We set our goals is 1 to 2, we were one in the quarter. We should get a little bit of additional mix as the innovation rolls out but we got relatively benign cost inflation and currency rate swings in the plan and so those are usually bigger drivers of the price line. If you saw big spike in commodities or a big swing in currency raised in an individual market you would see more pricing offsets there. 
Caroline Levy  CLSA: Right and if you could just talk a little bit about Mexico because you have great growth in your equity income line and was it volume driven? Was it, whatever you can share about that market? 
Tom Falk: We had a solid quarter and really every component of the equity income line this quarter had a very solid results. So we dont talk them about often but our business in India had a nice profit improvement, our business in Saudi Arabia had a nice profit improvement as well and so those are in that line but they are obviously much smaller than the K-C Mexico numbers and Mexico had a good executions, decent top-line and great cost savings and that translated into a nice improvement and as talking to Pablo Gonzalez earlier in the week and they are pretty bullish on their outlook. In fact I think their call has gone going as we speak, so Pablo is probably out talking to his shareholder group about the good news the K-C Mexico. 
Caroline Levy  CLSA: Final question just on the U.S. environment again sort of a similar question about the consumer because there is a lot fear that private label or lower price brands are kind of set a stay in the new reality even if the economy gets better. Do you have any thoughts of that? 
Tom Falk: Well it's interesting we track private label shares as you would expect and then basically in every single category that we track this quarter shares were down versus the prior quarter is slightly down and in many of them were down versus the year ago quarter and so I would say the ones thats up year-over-year is dry bath tissue and so thats probably the one that you have seen the most competitive pressure, we talked a little bit about that I think our non-public competitors that had some supply problems in the first quarter created a little bit of a window for some private label improvement as well but overall were not seeing anything at least in the recent quarter that would indicate that the consumers are feeling more squeezed and bound shifting into private label. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Leigh Ferst with Wellington Shields. 
Leigh Ferst - Wellington Shields: I was wondering if you can tell us some more about the surgical numbers that were down 4% in the quarter. How are they trending towards the end of last year and also is there any remarkable difference between elective and non-elective? 
Tom Falk: Well it's one that you saw a debt in the third and fourth quarter of last year and I would tell you we dont have the data yet to be able to tell you and I think thats going to be elective right? Because if you need surgery youre probably not able to post-pone it as much as you would think but. I think everyone is trying to unpack this data and get a better look at and when we look at our surgical supplies business and in the fourth quarter were down a percent it was flattish in the third quarter. Were also existing some lower margin (inaudible) business which affected those numbers a little bit but we would expected a little bit better underlying environment for surgeries in the first quarter than we saw and were still trying to figure it out along with a lot of other companies I would guess. 
Leigh Ferst - Wellington Shields: And did you say youre expecting U.S. birth rate to be down this year? 
Tom Falk: Well they have been down every year for the last three years and were expecting birth rate to flatten out this year. 
Mark Buthman: Category it will be down. 
Tom Falk: Category will be down for some because the babies that werent born last year won't be wearing diapers this year. 
Leigh Ferst - Wellington Shields: Okay so flat is what youre forecasting recently so thats no change. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from (inaudible). 
Unidentified Analyst: First question is I noticed the minority interest is creeping up over at about 80 million a year and yet it looks like your dividend to them are only like a third of that or fourth of that, is that correct or how does that generally work for you? 
Tom Falk: I dont know I have to think about that one Chip and get back to you. I mean the minority interest is it includes some other stuff related to our one of our finance industries thats probably part of whats going and that we have got this off shore financing thing thats on the balance sheet, thats probably doing more to drive that somewhat unrelated to the dividend flow beyond that I would tell you there is other big minority interests in Korea and that business continues to do very well and also continues to pay out the dividend. 
Unidentified Analyst: And then second question on that financing I noticed there is a note 395 million I think that actually winds up next year and the question is, is that note which is in sort of the long term assets. Is that offset by in your debt section somewhere or is it sort of hanging there in other words. If youre trying to compete your net debt should we include that note in your cash because you have an offsetting liability on the debt side. 
Tom Falk: Yes there is an offset. 
Unidentified Analyst: And then last question it looked like to us that the corporate expense when you look at just in the pure sense was a little elevated versus a year ago. We get 62 million I think and should we expect that to be higher than it was a year ago or was the first quarter just an anomaly? 
Tom Falk: Chip that would include some higher incentive compensation expenses which are related to our increased outlook for the year. So for the full year we probably be up year-over-year in that line but I wouldnt assume that the first quarter would be a normal run rate. 
Unidentified Analyst: Lastly Mark you mentioned the gain on the real estate that caused the other income line to be normalized to 24 million, what should we expect that on a normal basis to be. I always thought it was always more or less the small like 10 million expense, is that fair or should it be zero or what would you got us do? 
Mark Buthman: It's normally, it's very slight positive or very slight negative. 
Tom Falk: Plus or minus 10 million and every once in a while you have something like we had this quarter where it's a little lumpier. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Linda Bolton Weiser with B Riley & Company. 
Linda Bolton Weiser - B Riley & Company: I think in the past where we had the bird flu outbreak you actually saw the safe mask lift, are you seeing any of that yet due to whats going in China or not? 
Tom Falk: Not yet and the another thing we have tried to be better at managing pandemics because what has happened to us in the past is that everybody orders everything and panics and they needed 10 cases they order a 100 cases and then if we ship it to them then they want to ship it all back to us two months later. So we actually have, once we have evidence of there is a  the demand serves like that coming we go into instant allocation mode and limit the ability of them to buy outsize amounts and so were trying to do a better job of managing that for everybody, supply chain in these kinds of situations but we haven't seen much happen yet at this point. 
Operator: At this time we have no other questioners in the queue. 
Paul Alexander: All right. Thank you David, we will wrap up with a closing comment from Tom. 
Tom Falk: Once again were off to a good start at Kimberly Clark and we appreciate your support and once again our thoughts and prayers go out to the folks in Boston that are affected by the events that have unfolded this week. Thank you very much for being with us today. 
Mark Buthman: Thank you very much.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Alexander - Vice President, Investor Relations Tom Falk - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Mark Buthman - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President
Analysts: Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein Chris Ferrara - Bank of America Caroline Levy - CLSA Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets Jason Gere - RBC Capital Lauren Lieberman - Barclays James Armstrong - Vertical Research Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research John Faucher - JPMorgan Linda Bolton Weiser - Caris
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience in holding, we now have your speakers in conference. Please be aware, each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today's presentation, we will open the floor for your questions. At that time, instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow if you'd like to ask a question. It is now my pleasure to introduce today's first speaker, Mr. Paul Alexander.
Paul Alexander: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our Year End Earnings Conference Call. Here with us today are, Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO; and Mike Azbell, Vice President and Controller. Here is the agenda for our call. Mark will begin with the review of fourth quarter results. Tom will then provide his perspectives on our full year results and also our 2013 outlook. We will finish with Q&A. There is a presentation of today's materials including our key planning assumptions for 2013 in the Investor section of our website. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the risk factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. We will also be referring to adjusted results and outlook today. Both exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. The news release has further information on these adjustments and also reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. Now, I will turn it over to Mark.
Mark Buthman: Thanks, Paul, and good morning. Let's start with the headlines. First, we achieved organic sales growth of 5%, highlighted by 9% growth in K-C International. Second, we delivered adjusted earnings per share of the $1.37, thats a 7% increase compared to the prior year. Third, we generated an all-time quarterly record of $1.1 billion in cash from operations. Now, let's cover the details of the quarter. Fourth quarter sales were $5.3 billion, up 3% versus last year, underlying organic sales rose 5%, driven by increased volumes of 3% and higher net selling prices of 2%, unfavorable currency rates and lost sales in conjunction with our pulp and tissue restructuring further reduced sales by 1% each. Fourth quarter adjusted gross margin was 34.3%, thats up 170 basis points from last year. The increase was driven by organic sales growth and $80 million of FORCE cost savings. For the full-year, FORCE savings were $295 million. Thats well above our original target for savings of $150 million to $200 million for the year. We also surpassed our three-year savings target of $400 million to $500 million after just two years. We are making great progress leveraging our global procurement organization and deploying lean continuous improvement throughout our company and I expect that momentum to continue in 2013. So moving now to P&L. Adjusted operating profit rose 5% with an operating margin of 15%. Thats up 30 basis points compared to last year. We continued investment between the lines including higher administrative and research spending to build capabilities and support future growth, particularly in K-C International. In addition, strategic marketing rose $10 million in the quarter. The fourth quarter adjusted effective tax rate was 30.6%, in line with our full year target of 30% to 32%. All in all, fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share were at $1.37. Thats up 7% versus last year. As I said before, cash provided by operations in the fourth quarter was an all-time quarterly record of $1.1 billion. That is more than double our year-ago performance driven by improved working capital and lower pension contributions. Cash provided by operations for the full year was $3.3 billion. That is up $1 billion compared to the prior year. Our working capital cash conversion cycle improved two days in 2012 to a record low of 45 days for the year. We expect to make further progress in 2013. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 3.8 million shares of KMB stock at a cost of $320 million. For the year, we repurchased 16.4 million shares at a cost of $1.3 billion. Altogether, we allocated $2.5 billion dollars of cash to share repurchases and dividends in 2012. Now, I will highlight a few areas from our segment results for the quarter. In personal care, organic sales rose 9% with volume growth of 6% and net selling prices up 3%. K-C International had another strong quarter with organic sales up 12%. Our key growth initiatives continue to perform very well. In fact, in the diaper, volumes in China grew 50%, volumes in Russia rose 15%, and volumes in Brazil were up 10%. Elsewhere, in personal care, volumes were up mid-single digits in Europe and low single digits in North America. Fourth quarter personal care operating margins of 17.6% rose 220 basis points driven by the organic sales growth and cost savings. Now moving to consumer tissue. Organic sales were up 1%, driven by higher net selling prices and volumes. Volume gains in North America were mostly offset by modest declines in Europe and in K-C International. Consumer tissue operating margins were down 30 basis points compared to a strong year ago, although they were up 50 basis points sequentially versus the third quarter. During the quarter, we also completed our pulp and tissue restructuring charges on schedule and in line with our expectations. Our consumer tissue team did a terrific job executing a multiyear plan. I am pleased to the operating profit margin benefits we have generated so far from these restructuring actions and I expect benefits will continue to build over the next two years. Turning to K-C Professional, organic sales were up 3%, driven by improved volumes and pricing. Organic volumes were up high single digits in K-C International, down slightly, elsewhere. Operating margins of 16.7% were up 120 basis points driven by organic sales growth, cost savings and input cost deflation. Lastly, health care organic sales were down 2%, driven by slightly lower volumes and pricing. Operating margins of 14.9% were up 60 basis points driven by lower input costs in between the line spending. So that wraps up my comments on the quarter. To recap, we achieved excellent organic sales growth led by K-C International. We delivered improved margins and earnings per share. We generated terrific cash flow. Now, I will turn it over to Tom.
Tom Falk: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Since Mark has reviewed our fourth quarter results, I'll focus my comments on the full year and then I'll talk about our Outlook for 2013. So, starting with 2012, overall results were very strong. We had a great year. On the top line, we delivered organic sales growth of 5%, so to put that in perspective, that's our best top line performance since 2008, and it was driven by targeted growth initiatives, innovation and improved net realized revenue. In terms of targeted growth initiatives, our K-C International team had an excellent year. They had organic sales growth of 10% and a double-digit increase in operating profit. KCI delivered strong Personal Care volume gains in key growth markets. For example, our diaper volumes increased 45% in China, 20% in Russia and 15% in Brazil. Results in all three countries benefited from product innovation. In addition, our Huggies business in China has now expanded into 80 cities. That's up from about 70 at the end of 2011 and we are targeting it to be in at least 90 cities by the end of this year. We also made good progress making our adult care and baby wipes businesses truly global. For the year, K-C International grew volumes in both of these categories at double-digit rate. Elsewhere in KCI, our K-C Professional business grew organic sales high single digits in 2012 as we've been making strategic investments for industrialization and economic development are recurring. In total across all our businesses K-C International now represents about 37% of our total company sales and we continue to be very optimistic about KCI's plans to deliver strong growth going forward. Product innovation around the world was also a key contributor to our organic growth in 2012. We produced several innovations in North America including Super Premium Depend Briefs, new U by Kotex tampons and pads and a number of new products in K-C Professional. We also launched a number of innovations in K-C International. That included introduction of diaper pants, premium feminine care products and adult care offerings in several markets. We supported our innovation and growth initiatives with $115 million increase in strategic marketing. Our spending there rose at a double-digit rate. We also increased research and development spending double digits as we continue to make investments for future growth. Our success with targeted growth initiatives and innovation helped mitigate the impact of soft category demand in infant childcare in the U.S. and in Europe overall. Nonetheless, our European team executed well and delivered a solid increase in operating profit and margin in 2012. We also initiated and are moving quickly to implement the strategic changes we announced last quarter. Our market positions remain solid overall. In the U.S., we improved or maintained market share in six of our eight consumer categories and in K-C International, we are growing faster than the category in a number of markets. In terms of profitability, we increased gross margin by 230 basis points and we increased our operating margin by 90 basis points. Our FORCE cost savings program was a big reason for these improvements. I am also pleased that all four of our business segments delivered operating profit growth and improve their margins in 2012. On the bottom line, earnings per share for the year were $5.25. That's up 9% year-on-year, the high end of our long-term objective. It was also nicely above our original 2012 guidance for the year of $5 to $5.15. Finally, as you heard from Mark, our balance sheet and cash generation remained strong. We continue to allocate capital in shareholder-friendly ways as we returned $2.5 billion to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. So, overall we had very good financial performance and I am encouraged by the progress we made in 2012 Now, let me turn to the outlook. In 2013, we'll continue to pursue targeted growth initiatives. We'll introduce new and improved products and will support our brands with increased levels of strategic marketing. We had several innovations launching in K-C International, particularly in the infant care, feminine care and adult care categories. We have also got a number of new innovations coming in North America, including new Depend products for men, the best ever Pull-Ups training pant and improved Scott extra soft bath tissue. As the year progresses, we will have more product news in many of our other brands. We also expect to deliver strong cost savings again this year of $250 million to $300 million. That will help us fund our brand investments and overcome moderate cost inflation, which we currently expect to be in the range of $150 million to $250 million. Overall, we are targeting to grow organic sales by 3% to 5% and to increase adjusted earnings per share by 5% to 8%. This latter earnings guidance assumes an approximate one point drag from Venezuela. Though we are not sure exactly what the operating margin will be in Venezuela in 2013, so we thought it made sense to build some of that potential impact into our plan. Finally we will continue to focus on generating strong cash flow and allocating capital in shareholder friendly ways. We expect to raise the dividend at a high single-digit rate and that will be our 41st consecutive annual increase in the dividend. We also plan to repurchase about $1 billion to $1.2 billion worth of Kimberly-Clark stock. Together dividends and share repurchases should total more than $2 billion for the third consecutive year. So to summarize, we are encouraged by our performance in 2012. We are optimistic about our plans for 2013 and beyond and we remain convinced that our global business plan will continue to deliver value for our shareholders. That wraps up our prepared remarks and we will now begin to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Hi, guys, a couple of questions. One is really around the very strong KCI growth this year at 10% organic, as you mentioned. But doing some algebra, the rest of the business seemed a little more subdued. So if you think about the 3% to 5% organic sales growth target for this year, for 2013, can you help us with the composition of that by geography and by segment? And maybe in answering that, can you give us some sense about the distribution gain that you might continue to get? You mentioned one example of that in your prepared remarks but any distribution gain you might be able to get on a continuous fashion? How much of a runway there is for that? Do you need that to get your extra KCI current numbers? Thats the first question.
Mark Buthman: Yes, I would say, Ali, the growth is, again, going to be heavily focused on K-C International and then within that, more focused on personal care as it was this year, where you saw in KCI, personal care organic volume was up 9% for the year. A part of that was distribution gain in China, certainly thats also increasing our participation in the category as we moved into the midtier segment of the category. But in markets like Brazil, we are moving more aggressively in to the Northeastern part of Brazil. So thats a big opportunity for us. We are there but we were not really fully represented. So we have got additional capacity starting up there. In Russia and in Eastern Europe we have got good presence in Moscow. We are moving out into broader distribution reach across Russia and some of the other Eastern European countries. So thats an opportunity for us. So is going to be combination of innovation and a little bit of distribution gain and good execution to make that happen. In North America, I would say, the diaper category flattened out. So the birth rates were low. We expect diapers to be down about a point year-on-year. Child care, which was down 5 % this year, may only be down 1% next year from a category standpoint. We have got a lot of innovation coming. So I think we will have less of a drag from North America in 2013 than we had in 2012. We still have good momentum in adult care and fem care in North America that should carryover in to 2013.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, let me ask the KCI question slightly differently, specifically on the 10% organic sales growth. Can you help us figure out how much of that is comp store growth versus how much of it is distribution growth?
Mark Buthman: I would say the analytics are probably not as precise there as you would like to think. As you know, because some of the Nielsen data doesnt get you that. I would say the bigger factor is broader participation in the category. So, in China, for example going into the midtier, the diaper segment across the geography that we are already in. But going from 70 to 80 cities, we can do the math. Now they dont all start up and contribute at the full level of your existing base and you are in the big cities to start and you are going to go that the next year down so each incremental city is not as big of a pop as what you originally got. So I would say the more of it is from the expansion of our participation in the category and the innovation that we are driving and that the additional geography is a relatively smaller part of the boost.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. So, second thing is just about the incremental strategic spending $10 million, which seems lower than it's been all year. Can you comment a little bit about that? Is it launch timing? Seasonality? How should we expect that to trend going forward for the rest of the year?
Tom Falk: It's probably launch time. We would also say if you look back, we are ramping it up and so we have kind of hit more of a stable stage, so you will see it go up faster than sales in 2013, but it won't go up as much we were probably up more than double our rate organic sales growth this year. It won't be as big of a delta in 2013.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, and my last question is just around competition broadly, so what are you seeing and maybe make more specific U.S. And in the U.S. have you for example the consumer tissue business try to in your guidance take into account a new entrants in the U.S. with TAD technology and private label. Then in China, we keep hearing from local competitors there that they are going to get more aggressive. They are not just going to give their turf since the folks like you are coming into their cities. Can you comment on that as well? Thank you.
Tom Falk: Yes. Sure. We have lots of tough competition everywhere, and so in the personal care spaces, obviously we got P&G most places, but we are seeing UNICHARM increasingly show up in markets around the world. They are obviously stronger in Asian. They are now talking about expansion in Brazil and Mexico. So they make very good product and we ran into them in large markets around the world. Some of the local Chinese players, they hang out and those folks tend to be at the lower end of the product spectrum, but they are trying to move their mix up and so you got to execute well and have great innovation and great marketing to be successful in these markets and so that's what we are aiming at. In the U.S. the private label, if you look at private label shares in tissue in bath, it was up a point or two year-over-year and towels was up about point, but our shares were pretty stable and actually we've got a pretty good innovation agenda for Cottonelle and Kleenex, and so I think we feel are cautiously optimistic about our tissue business going into 2013, particularly in North America.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: And the TAD technology entering in private label doesn't concerning you?
Tom Falk: Not at this stage. I mean, I think there is good quality private label around, but we think that the branded products still are differentiated and offer consumers an attractive value and our Cottonelle business is showing that. I mean, we had pretty strong share results in the fourth quarter and we are feeling good about that business going in 2013.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Ferrara with Bank of America.
Chris Ferrara - Bank of America: Good morning, guys. I wanted to try to better understand, now that I guess you probably have better look at it. The P&L impact of stranded overhead on the European exit, right? So, I understand you are committed to clearing that out, right, and still delivering obviously now 5% to 8% growth, but I guess can you talk about what you think the gross drag will be from that stranded overhead. I mean, you have to be finding offset, right, it's not that you are going to be able to clear all those expenses out at the same rate that the sales are going away, right? So, just kind of want to understand the gross impact if possible.
Tom Falk: No. I mean, Chris, we are aiming to cut our overhead in Europe by at least as much of the sales, right? And, so it hit Kim Underhill and her team and Robert Abernathy, but we are working on this for a good part of last year. Mark Buthman's team is leading on it as well in the in terms of the back-office things and maybe Mark can chime in on that, but we are aggressively going after the European structure, and so we had probably overbuilt that a bit to expecting Europe to grow and to be a bigger business, and so we have gone and stripped a lot of the overhead out. They have gone through the consultation process with most of the countries and most of our team in Europe now knows whether they have a permanent role. They have a temporary role or there are going to be other roles been eliminated. And so, I don't know, Mark you have said on analyst calls lately, so I'll let you add some color to that.
Mark Buthman: Chris, if you think about it as an enterprise, it's a great opportunity for us to kind of paint a picture of what our overhead structure might look even more broadly across the world and they have got a real compelling business case to do it. So, it's on the top of our management agenda and we are watching it closely at high degree of difficulty, but high degree of confidence in the plans they put together.
Tom Falk: So, we know we have to execute it, and we'll be transparent about how we are doing on that as the quarters progress in 2013.
Chris Ferrara - Bank of America: Thanks. That's helpful. And I guess, moving over to KCI, obviously the growth has been there. Can you try to dimensionalize where you think sort of long-term margin improvement comes from? Like do you think the KCI margins will progression at a rate faster than the overall company margins?
Tom Falk: Well, the KCI team is aiming at being the most attractive investment opportunity for Kimberly-Clark. So they know they have got to grow topline and they have got to grow bottomline. So one of the things that was really pleasing about their results in 2012, is that they had double digit topline, but they also had strong double-digit operating profit growth too. And as you see, cities and markets get to scale, the gross margin structure is pretty attractive and we still have got work to do and we can do better in lots of places. But they have got an aggressive program to continue to take out cost, to get more effective with our marketing investment and our trade spend investments and as we do that that should help our margins improve. And we have individual markets in KCI that have got the gross margins that are strongly accretive to the corporation. So we know it is possible.
Chris Ferrara - Bank of America: Great, and just one last follow-up on margins. When you benchmark yourself versus peers, and I guess normalizing for product mix and you look at that 34% gross margin that you guys are at right now, what do you think the opportunity is there for that gross over the long-term? Because obviously you have accelerated your topline, KCI has accelerated but what's the opportunity on gross margin, when you think longer term?
Mark Buthman: We have been higher in our own history and so if you go back before some of the commodity run-up, we were in high 30s and we were talking about scaling a 40% gross margin. So thats certainly kind of a near-term goal that we are aiming at. I think we made a strong move toward it in 2012. We will have commodity challenges from time to time that will afford our progress there but we are certainly aiming at improving gross margin, being able to invest more than strategic marketing and then delivering a part of that to the bottomline and operating margin improvement.
Operator: Our next question comes from Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Caroline Levy - CLSA: Hi, good morning. I was wondering if you could help us put some numbers and maybe its a longer term question but around the adult diaper opportunity, because again it may not be a huge contributor to earnings right now but as you model out your company, five and ten years, how big do you think this can get and what do you see is your major opportunities, just given the number of older people in China and Japan, for example?
Mark Buthman: Well, it's exciting, even in North America, our adult care business grew volume 6% last year. So we got strong innovation behind the Poise and Depend and saw that even thats an income consumer thats maybe more sensitive to price change. They were still willing to invest in a better quality product. So we still got lots of growth in the U.S. and your developed markets. In the emerging markets, the businesses are small but they are growing fast and we are putting more resources against it in many markets. We have had with multiple launches in 2012. We have got more coming in 2013. So we think that Poise and Depend will someday be strong billion dollar businesses for us and each of those has the potential to be a billion-dollar brand. Thats what we are aiming at.
Caroline Levy - CLSA: Is that margin diluted as you grow adult versus other parts of the business?
Mark Buthman: No, our adult care margins within personal care are competitive with the segment average and in some markets, even a little bit better. Obviously, as you launch in a market, you will be investing to build the brand. So in that particular market it will be a little dilutive but the gross margin structure is quite attractive.
Caroline Levy - CLSA: Thank you, and just moving to the growth of your markets. Do you believe that you outgrew the market not just in China, for example, but overall? And what do you think the market growth rate will be in 2013, new markets?
Mark Buthman: Broadly in the emerging markets, we would say you are probably looking at mid single-digit growth and we grew high-single. So we would say we probably took share in a number of places. Obviously some of the Nielsen data is a little tougher to get at because they are so many of points of distribution that arent covered really well by Nielsen. It is getting better but we still got some room to grow there. So, if you look at our global business, we would say the categories are growing three to four, much faster than that, probably mid-singles in emerging markets, slower than that in the developed markets. And so our 3% to 5% topline if we just hold share, we should be in the 3% to 4% range, if we drive some innovation and a little bit more share growth, we can get to the high end of that range as we did in 2012.
Caroline Levy - CLSA: Thank you, and just lastly, is January off to a good start, the year off to a good start?
Mark Buthman: Yes, so far. I have nothing to complain about. Yes, we havent closed of the month yet, so want to see the results but nothing unusual that we seeing in the data so far.
Tom Falk: Cold and flu is, we are benefiting both family healthcare and facial tissue. It was pretty flat in December but it has picked up pace in January.
Mark Buthman: Yes, thats a good point.
Caroline Levy - CLSA: Well, I am sort of sorry, but happy to hear that.
Mark Buthman: Yes, good for us, bad for them.
Tom Falk: We are here for you, if you need us.
Caroline Levy - CLSA: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital Markets.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: Morning, just two questions. What do you think the impact will be on retail prices in the U.S. from other new other tissue capacity that's coming on and do you think the branded companies would have to rollback prices to maintain an appropriate gap?
Tom Falk: Connie, I am not as worried about the U.S. market from the additional capacities. There's a lot of capacity that's gone out of the U.S. market, and so as we shutdown Everett and Chester there has been some of the capacity that came out of Chester, the U.S. market operating rate is probably in the in high 80% range. And, actually, we're fully loaded and we are our capacity pretty full up in 2012 and heading into 2013. So, probably more of it is what's going to drive tissue pricing and whatever happens to pulp and we're calling pulp to be up slightly in 2013, so that should put a little bit of a positive spin on pricing. So, we had a little bit softer pricing in the third quarter, came back a little bit in the fourth quarter. That had more to do with timing of promotions year-over-year, so there is nothing big happening on that front, so we will have to wait and see. But overall, again, we feel better about our branded tissue business positioned going into 2013. I think the place in the world you commented on the tissue capacity expansion was more in China, and we don't have a big the Chinese tissue business. We have a facial tissue business, so we don't do much in roll products in China.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: Great. Thanks. My second question is what's included in your Venezuela impact? You said you are starting to build in some of a potential impact, so is it the effect of 50% devaluation or the impact of continued price controls in face of inflation, so what's included in your, what have you already assumed?
Tom Falk: Yes. This has been a tough one to call, because it's difficult to predict from day-to-day what's going to happen, so we have not included any of the balance sheet devaluation that would flow through the income statement, so none of the financial assets translation of the new rate is in our guidance, so that would be a one-time thing that we have to call out. We really looked at that and said that was very low single-digit percent of sales and operating profit in 2012, but something is probably going to happen. Either there will be a de-val, which will have a translation impact. We didn't model it probably as deep as 50%, but we assume there will be some reduction or you could have a scenario where there is de-val, but it's tough to get foreign exchange and so we wind up constraining our supply, because we can't get dollars to pay our bills, so you wind up with a drop in demand and shrinking the size of the business and so it is very difficult to predict which of those would happened, but we said probably something is going to happen, so let's be a little bit conservative on that number going into the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Gere with RBC Capital.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital: I had just a couple of questions. One as you think about 2013 with all the changes going on with Europe and the tissue restructuring. Is it going to be pretty smooth across the quarters or should we see that maybe back half a little stronger than the front half? I was just wondering if you could provide a little bit of the cadence there.
Tom Falk: Yes, and all the charges for the consumer tissue, the North American tissue restructuring has flown through the P&L amounts, so those are behind us and we took a good chunk of the European restructuring hit in the fourth quarter. If you look at the sequencing of the year, I would expect actually a pretty consistent growth rate over the quarters year-on-year which would say that the back half is probably going to be a little better than the first half, because that was the way it shaped up in 2012, and so you get something that will help the first quarter and like we might have a little bit lower effective tax rate, because of the way the tax bill that got passed, but I would say the growth rate is going to trend pretty close to a consistent year-on-year across the quarters.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital: Okay. Great. Then just the next question, I think one of the earlier questions broke down the organic sales by geography and I hope you can provide some color in terms of about the segments tissue versus personal care versus kind of the B2B segment and how you are looking at those trends, where you may see any tip of acceleration versus deceleration versus 2012, with getting in within that 3 to 5 range?
Mark Buthman: Yes, if you go through personal care, we had hoped that North America will be a little better year-on-year, because the categories are not going to be down as much. So we should have, I think, for the year, and in infant care we were down 5% and flat on child care, wipes was down a little bit. So those should be better year-on-year. In fem and adult, we are up high-singles in total for those. I think fem was up 6% and adult was up 10%. So I would say you would expect to see those collectively be in the high-singles in 13. K-C International was 9%. Now that was a terrific result. We probably won't keep that 45% growth rate in China but we still expect to have a strong growth rate in China in 2013. So maybe a little slower in KCI. In consumer tissue, thats one that is playing more of a grow margin role for us. So we had relatively light volume growth. In North America it was flat. Overall Europe was down a little. Even KCI with down 1%. So I dont see huge growth coming in consumer tissue. In K-C professional, washroom business was up a 2%. We think we actually grew a little bit more than the category in washroom in 2012. We got a lot of innovation coming in 2013 and if we get a little bit of economic improvement, you could see a little bit better growth and in KCP. In KCP and in emerging markets, we were up 6% on the organic volume line and we have got actually lots of growth coming there. So I expect to see at least that in 2013. Health care, our supplies were up 2%. Devices were up 3%. We probably expect supplies to be a little flatter and devices to be a little better in 2013. We have got some more innovation coming to market and a little bit better push in some things in the device front in 2013. So I though thats helpful for you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays: Thanks, good morning. So, actually, the comment that you just made about consumer tissue playing more of a grow margin role for you guys, is exactly what I want to ask about. Because in this quarter, margins were actually down in that business which is rare to see when there is deflation. Thinking that the majority of your incremental investments and strategic marketing would be more oriented towards personal care than tissue, I just was curious if you could talk a little about margin performance in that business this quarter?
Mark Buthman: We were up 50 basis points sequentially. For the year, we were up 220 basis points in that business. So there are some cost start up issues and a couple of things in the quarter that were a little bit more noise versus fourth quarter last year. I think Europe also had a much stronger fourth quarter in 2011 that didnt repeat in 2012. So that was a part of it as well. But overall, I would say, the trends in consumer tissue we are happy with. It's back in 13.6% for the year, 14% for the quarter and thats getting close to where we need it to be from it being an investable business standpoint.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays: Okay, can you just explain, Tom, some of the startup issues? Is that downtime? What is that?
Tom Falk: Actually, downtime, overall was a little better for the company year-on-year. We had some, broader in the fourth quarter broadly across a number of the segments. We had a little a little bit more startup activity on new assets. When you have a startup, typically you are writing off the old assets. So you had some higher startups and write-offs. So probably more of it was in personal care but consumer tissue had a little bit of it as well. We also had some higher distribution expense, and particularly, in K-C International. As you are seeing carrier rates are up across the board around the world and consumer tissue probably feels that a little bit more than the other segment because freight's a bigger percent of cost of sales.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Armstrong with Vertical Research.
James Armstrong - Vertical Research: Good morning. First question is on the pulp and tissue restructuring benefits. You said that you are currently on a $60 million run rate in operating profit in the fourth quarter and expect $75 million in 2013 and more than $100 in 2014. Just to make sure, those are not incremental numbers, right? So in 2013, from the Q4 run rate, it will be more like $15 million.
Mark Buthman: Thats correct.
James Armstrong - Vertical Research: Okay.
Mark Buthman: Each of those numbers was cumulative. So I think we had $20 million in '11, we had $40 million in '12, which gets you to $60 million cumulative. It will be another $15 million in 2013, which gives you the $75 million and so forth.
James Armstrong - Vertical Research: Okay. And, how is that weighted in 2012? Should we see a little bit more than that 15 number and in 2012, or maybe in 2013 just because of the timing?
Mark Buthman: No. I mean, we will obviously keep the cumulative 60 that we have already got and the big chunk of that was the shutdown of the Everett mill and that's done and behind us. And so, some of the additional things we decided to do at Chester, Pennsylvania started to benefit late 2012 and will carry forward into and to 2013 and 2014.
James Armstrong - Vertical Research: Perfect. Then switching gears just a bit, with the recent innovation and child care, have you seen any things that have worked? Any products that worked in certain regions that you are really starting to expand into other regions and could you just give us a few examples?
Mark Buthman: Yes. We have been very happy with the Pull-Ups, NightTime launch and that's gone well. We have also got a terrific GoodNites business that's in our Child Care segment and they actually had introduced a line extension of bed mats last year that was a big success in North America. In terms of the ideas that are working well around the world, our whole diaper pants approach is going very well. We are going aggressive at both the value tier and premium tier in many markets around the world. That's gone well. Our U by Kotex list of feminine care positioning is one that were launching in multiple markets around the world. And then our upgraded Depend products, our adult care offerings, we are offering that in many markets around the world. So, these are things that we are we are focused on and have got great solutions. I think another example will be baby wipes. You know, we've done baby wipes in North America and Europe. We are really having them fully reflected and penetrated in other markets around the world and now we are trying to figure out what would it take if we could sell one wipe for every diaper we sell around the world. If we could do that, we have $1 billion baby wipe business, so there's a big opportunity there for us.
James Armstrong - Vertical Research: That helps a lot. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: You guys want to call a bottom to the baby bust, because it seems you are a little bit more upbeat on.
Tom Falk: That sounds like a quote, Bill, bottom to the baby bust. I like it. No, I think the birthrate has flattened out. We expect it to be basically flat in 2013. The category, albeit, will probably still be down 1% on diapers in North America. And I would say, for us as we have modeled it, the three drivers that are more predictive are male unemployment, or new home purchase or household formation and consumer confidence. And I think as you see those things stabilize, you would say yes all right. That kind of make sense, but the birth rate would be flattening out. It hasn't turned up yet, but I would say you have not seen any of those three indicators really make a major positive move lately either.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Got you, and then was there an impact from the flu season, because I know when you talked about the North American consumer tissue business, there's really no mention of facial tissue?
Tom Falk: Yes. There wasn't much in the fourth quarter. We're seeing that more in the start of the year. And we worked pretty good at looking at flu index data almost by zip code, and so are our retail partners and so they are very nimble about getting flu displays up as the flu move into a particular a part of the country, and so both our health care business has been selling a lot of face masks and exam gloves in January, and we've been selling a lot more facial tissue for cold and flu in January, so we will see how that progresses through the quarter.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Got you. Then are you concerned at all about that if you look at the business segments three to four had declined at sequential margins. I mean, was it that third quarter was kind of anomaly and everything was so good?
Tom Falk: So the point we made earlier on the other cost of sales, we probably had a little bit more start ups in fourth quarter and some asset write outs that affected us versus the third quarter then distribution expense started to pick up in a couple of markets and so we are digging into that, but I would say I am pretty happy with the progress for the year. We are up in all four segments year-on-year and that's really what we are aiming to do consistently over time.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: I mean, is it a way to say that it was like the third quarter the anomaly or was the fourth quarter the anomaly, or is it not that simple.
Tom Falk: I don't think if I could be that precise with you. If I would say you look at personal care and are second end of the year that if we could be flat with 2011, we would be happy and we ended the year 60 basis points higher. So, we probably are a little ahead in third quarter of where we expected and it normalized a bit in the fourth quarter, but it broadly for the year, we're pleased with the progress we are making.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Great. Thanks and then just one last one. Did you say what the sales impact of the distribution sell for the mid tier in China was? Was it material to the top line?
Tom Falk: No. We didn't spill that out. So I mean the midtier in China is the biggest part of the category. So going into that was a plus. Now we started that in mid-2011. So it wasnt a full year benefit but that was certainly part of the growth that we saw in China this year. We also picked up a couple of share points in China this year which, in a market that size, is substantial from a sales standpoint.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Got you, and maybe I missed this, but can you talk about your country penetration in midtier? I am sorry, not retail penetration in China? Is it down or is there, I think you said, still some room there?
Mark Buthman: We were in 70 cities at the beginning of 2012. We were 80 by the end of 2012. We hope to be in 90 by the end of 2013. As you know, there are any more cities with at least a million people and that we are really not present in yet. So we have got ways to go to really be fully penetrated. Then there are other geographies as well. We are moving more aggressively in the Northeastern part of Brazil. We have been present but not really fully leveraging the opportunity there. So we are putting capacity up there and a little more dedicated sales effort. So that will help. In Russia, the same kind of thing, where we had a strong presence in the Moscow region but we are moving into some of the other former Soviet republics in the Central Asian countries and other Eastern European countries.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Got you, and I promise, one last one. Do you think that advertising spend is going to track pulp cost because it seems like thats the way it played out this year when it went 45 to 35 and then 25 and then 10?
Mark Buthman: No, I think it more track our innovation pipeline. We had more innovation that was frontend loaded this year and we are going spend behind good ideas and saw more of that than trying to drive pulp. A good chunk of the increased A&P is in personal care and in emerging markets where we are driving launch activity.
Operator: Our next question comes from Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research: Hi, good morning, everyone. I just would to go back to your forecast for the year and the commentary that the diaper category you expect to go down about 1% and that your expectation is that the birth rate may improve. We had done some analysis and we see basically the sales of newborn diapers being down 1% to 2% on top of minus 4% last year. So we thought that that would be a leading indicator of whether newborn were picking up and we dont see that in the data. The counter part of that is that your business is more exposed to late stage diapering, training pants. So how that plans out in terms of your better outlook in the U.S., is number one? We dont see that in the data yet. Number two, actually your business depends on later stage diapering.
Mark Buthman: I guess, I would say, Javier, we are looking at from predictive model for the birth rate. So we are looking at the male unemployment and consumer confidence also formation as more of a leading indicator of where it is going. As we backed up that has been the best fit model. So that model would say, has been predicting that the birth rate, we get less negative all year. That is pretty much what's happened. It's predicting for 2013, the birth rate flattens out where it is now. So when we talked about the diaper category being down about 1%, it is more that affect that as the babies havent been born in the last two years are not category now. So they won't be there in 2013 either. Certainly has affected our child care business more significantly this year as you had three or four years of birth rate decline at a total 8% or 9% thats been showing up in our training pant business. We expect most of that is behind us and expect a little bit better or less negative category environment in 2013 than we had in 2012.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research: That is good and my second question also has to do with what is your view what's happening in consumer tissue business and also in the U.S., I mean here bath issue and paper towels. You mentioned that private label picked up one to two points and a lot of it has come in from the competition, from your main competitor which has been innovating in the category, both paper towels and bath tissue and they are losing share. You guys dont seem to be losing share. Could you help us understand how you see the consumer dynamics and why you are not been as pressured by private label as your competitors has been? Thank you.
Mark Buthman: Yes, we had more innovation. So if you look at the fourth quarter, our Kleenex volumes were 1%, Cottonelle was up 8%, Scott bath was up 1%, our Viva towel business was done a 2% and Scott towels is up 11%. So some of that was promotional timing, some of it we had good innovation on Cottonelle and it's a terrific product. And, so, I think we just continue to try to make sure we get quality promotion, we are doing great marketing, we keep bring innovation to the category and that makes it tougher for the private labels to fight against that, so it's a pretty simple formula.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Faucher with JPMorgan.
John Faucher - JPMorgan: Hi, guys. Just want to follow-up a little bit on Chris's question, but sort of thinking about the margin structure in Europe longer-term, how should we think about where you guys can go as you get through some of the stranded overhead issues? What do you think is a sort of the long-term structural upside to margins there? Thanks.
Tom Falk: Yes. I would say, medium-term, we would say double-digit operating margin is a reasonable goal, which would be a good improvement from where we have been, but then as Kim and the team look at that, they'd say long-term, they would like Europe to be at least equal to the corporate average and so they have got some work to do to get there. They, don't have all the answers to figure that out, but we've got good businesses in categories that are growing in Europe and the whole point of this restructuring effort is to the free up that team to focus on driving our baby wipes business where we've got good accretive margins and driving our child care and DryNites businesses, where we've got strong margin opportunities and making our Kleenex and Andrex and Scottex businesses successful in Europe and there are already great brands with great market positions, but we've got to put more up innovation and investment behind them to make them produce the kind of returns that we are looking for. So, I think, we got to execute the plan in front of us and get to a stable consistent place and then look how we can grow that from there.
John Faucher - JPMorgan: Okay, so just a follow-up on that. It sound as though you feel like you guys, there is nothing structural to the categories themselves in Europe that would limit that. It's a question you are being able to go out and execute that?
Tom Falk: Well, I think in Europe the big thing you worry about particularly in tissue is private label, so the private label structure in Europe is very different from anywhere else in the world where you are seeing bath tissue in some markets shares North of 70% for private label, so you've got be much probably a little bit more cost conscious and your innovations got to pop a little bit more to break through that.
John Faucher - JPMorgan: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Linda Bolton Weiser with Caris.
Linda Bolton Weiser - Caris: Hi. I was just wondering if on your projections for $150 million to $250 million of input cost inflation, is there any way to split it up roughly between like second half and first half? I would think quite a bit more in the second half.
Mark Buthman: Well, about two thirds of it is pulp and recycled fiber and you probably are right that in the first part of the year, at least the first quarter that doesn't look like there is going to be as much of that showing up so far, so that's probably a fair comment.
Linda Bolton Weiser - Caris: Okay, that's actually all I had. Thanks.
Operator: At this time, we have no other questioners in the queue.
Paul Alexander: All right, thank you, David. We will wrap up with the closing comment from Tom.
Tom Falk: Once again, we had a strong performance in 2012 and we are looking forward to keeping the momentum going in 2013, and thank you for your support of Kimberly-Clark.
Mark Buthman: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's presentation. You may disconnect your phone lines and a wonderful weekend.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul J. Alexander - Vice President of Investor Relations Mark A. Buthman - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Thomas J. Falk - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Alice Beebe Longley - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Caroline S. Levy - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, Research Division Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Linda Bolton-Weiser - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to introduce today's first speaker, Mr. Paul Alexander.
Paul J. Alexander: Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO; and Mike Azbell, Vice President and Controller. Here's the agenda for our call. Mark will begin with a review of third quarter results and our full year outlook. Tom will follow Mark and focus his comments mostly on the strategic changes we're making in Europe. After that, we'll finish with Q&A. As usual, we have a presentation of today's materials in the Investor Section of our website. Let me remind everyone that we will be making forward-looking statements today. There can be no assurance that future events will occur as anticipated or that our results will be as estimated. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. I'd also like to point out that we will be referring to adjusted results and outlook today, both of which exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. The news release has further information on these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. Now I'll turn it over to Mark.
Mark A. Buthman: Thanks, Paul, and good morning. Let's start with the headlines. First, we delivered organic sales growth of 3%, highlighted by 9% growth in K-C International. Second, we significantly improved adjusted gross and operating margins, with both reaching 2.5-year highs. And third, we're raising our outlook for 2012 adjusted earnings per share for the second consecutive quarter. Now let's cover the details of the quarter. Third quarter sales were $5.2 billion, down 3% versus last year. Underlying organic sales rose 3%, driven by increased volumes of 2% and higher net selling prices of 1%. Unfavorable currency rates were a 5% drag on our top line, and lost sales in conjunction with our pulp and tissue restructuring further reduced sales by 1%. Third quarter adjusted gross margin was 34.2%, up 290 basis points from last year. The increase was driven by organic sales growth, $85 million of FORCE cost savings and benefits from input cost deflation. Moving down the P&L. Adjusted operating profit rose 8%, with an operating margin of 15.5%. That's up 140 basis points compared to the prior year. The growth in operating profit came despite a pretty significant currency headwind and continued investment between the lines. That includes a $25 million step up in strategic marketing investment and higher administrative and research spending to build capabilities and support future growth, particularly in K-C International. The third quarter adjusted effective tax rate was 31.8%, toward the high end of our full year target of 30% to 32%. Compared to last year, the third quarter rate reduced it -- reduced adjusted earnings per share by $0.05. All in all, third quarter adjusted earnings per share were $1.34, up 6% versus last year. Cash provided by operations in the third quarter was strong at $844 million. That's up from $750 million last year despite higher pension contributions. Speaking of pension, let me comment briefly on the move we're making to reduce the size and potential future volatility of our U.S. pension obligation. This month, we offered about 10,000 former employees a one-time option to receive a lump sum distribution of their pension benefit. The benefit obligation associated with this offer is about $570 million. That's 15% of our total U.S. pension obligation. The payments will be funded from our pension plan assets and will occur by the end of the year. Depending on the amount of participants who choose this option, it could trigger a one-time, non-cash settlement charge in the fourth quarter. If that happens, we expect to exclude it from our adjusted earnings per share. Further details about this action are included in this morning's news release. Now I'll highlight a few areas from our segment results for the quarter. In Personal Care, organic sales rose 6%, with volumes up 4% and net selling prices advancing 2%. K-C International had another quarter of strong volume growth, with high-single to low double-digit growth in each major region. Our key growth initiatives continue to perform very well. In fact, in the diaper category, China volumes grew about 45%, and volumes in Brazil and Russia were each up approximately 15%. Elsewhere, our Personal Care volumes were up high-single digits in Europe. In North America, although volumes were down low-single digits, market shares were up or even with year-ago levels in every category, except baby wipes. Third quarter Personal Care operating margins of 18.1% rose 150 basis points, driven by organic sales growth, cost savings and input cost deflation. Moving to Consumer Tissue, organic sales were up more than 1%, driven by higher volumes. Overall, net selling prices were flat as gains in K-C International were offset by higher promotional spending in developed markets. Consumer Tissue operating margins continue to be up year-on-year, with 150-basis-point improvement in the third quarter. Turning to K-C Professional & Other, organic sales and volumes were even with year-ago levels. Organic volumes were up in K-C International and in the washroom category in North America. On the other hand, volumes were down in southern Europe and in our safety business. Operating margins of 17.5% were up 280 basis points, driven by cost savings and input cost deflation. And lastly, Health Care organic sales and volumes were down 1%. Volumes in both surgical and infection prevention and medical devices were off slightly compared to strong year-ago performance. Operating margins of 14.9% were up 110 basis points, driven by lower input cost. Now let me shift to our full year outlook. We expect to continue our momentum for the first 9 months of the year. We'll stay focused on our targeted growth initiatives, investing behind innovation and brand building, cost reduction and continue to allocate our capital in shareholder-friendly ways. On the top line, through 9 months, we're at nearly 5% organic net sales growth, so we're right on track with our full year target range of 4% to 5%. Our FORCE program continues to perform very well. With $215 million of savings in the bank year-to-date, we're tracking to exceed our full year target of at least $250 million of savings. In terms of commodity costs, our outlook has improved slightly. We now expect deflation of $100 million to $150 million for the year. As a reminder, our previous plan was for deflation to be $0.00 to $100 million for the full year. So adding it all up, we're now targeting 2012 adjusted earnings per share in a range of $5.15 to $5.25. As a reminder, our previous guidance was $5.05 to $5.20 per share. We're pleased with the performance of the business, and we continue to invest for our long-term success. So that wraps up my comments. To recap, we achieved solid organic sales growth led by K-C International. We delivered significantly higher margins with healthy levels and cost savings, and we've increased our full year outlook for adjusted earnings per share. Now I'll turn it over to Tom.
Thomas J. Falk: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Since Mark has reviewed our third quarter results and our full year outlook, I'll just add that I continue to be encouraged by the progress that we're making this year. We're delivering against our growth initiatives. We're reducing our costs aggressively, and we're reinvesting for the future, all while generating strong cash flow and returning significant amounts of cash to our shareholders. So while the environment remains challenging, our plan is working. Now let me turn to the changes that we're making in Europe. These actions will allow us to better focus on our strongest market positions and growth opportunities, will improve our underlying profitability in Europe and now enable more sustainable returns going forward for us in this part of the world. And just to be clear, these changes only impact our Western and Central European business. Our Consumer business in Eastern Europe is managed as part of our K-C International team and will not be affected by the changes that we announced today. We will be exiting the open diaper category in Western and Central Europe, with the exception of the Italian market. We'll also be divesting or exiting some other low-margin or slower-growing businesses in certain markets, and most of these are in the Consumer Tissue segment. These businesses have not been able to meet our growth or return targets and, unlike the rest of our European businesses, they've not been earning their cost of capital. Now most of you that have followed us for a while, have been investors for a while, know that we've been in the European diaper market for more than 20 years, and we have made a number of attempts to find a winning business model there. So despite all these efforts, we have not been able to deliver sustainable, profitable growth or earned acceptable returns on capital. In fact, even with some relative progress this year, we're still operating this business at basically break-even levels. So after we've completed a comprehensive review of our business and our strategy, we've concluded that we can create more shareholder value by getting out of this business rather than by continuing to try to turn it around. Now our diaper business in Italy generates solid cash flow and acceptable gross margins. So staying in Italy will maximize the efficiency of some of our assets that are shared with our child care operations there and enable our scale as we go to market in Italy. Beyond our moves in the diaper market, we're not in a position today to identify what specific markets or products we'll be divesting or exiting, and we're in the process of communicating with our employees and our customers, and we want to get that behind us first. To win our cost structure with these moves, we'll streamline our manufacturing footprint and our administrative organization in Europe, and this will include the sale or closure of 5 manufacturing facilities and the transfer of some production to other facilities to improve our productivity. Total workforce reductions are expected to be in the range of 1,300 to 1,500 positions. Restructuring costs for these changes will be incurred through 2014 and are expected to total about $250 million to $350 million after tax. The businesses affected by today's announcement generate annual net sales of about $500 million and a very modest operating profit. About 75% of the sales are in Personal Care, and most of the rest are in Consumer Tissue. We'll be moving quickly to implement these changes. More than half the charges are expected to be occurred in the fourth quarter of 2012, and the lost sales associated with these moves will commence beginning in the first quarter of 2013. We expect the European market to remain challenging going forward, so our teams there will continue to focus on improving our profitability and generating solid cash flow and returns on capital. At the same time, we'll be placing more focus on our strongest branded positions, particularly in the U.K., Italy, Spain and Switzerland. We'll also be investing in those areas where we can deliver profitable growth, like our Child Care business, our Baby Wipes business, our moist bathroom tissue and facial tissue businesses. And I would like to recognize the accomplishments of our European team this year. They are on track to achieve their full year plan in what we all recognize as an extremely challenging environment in Europe. And I'm confident that they will execute these changes that we're talking about today with excellence. Today's changes are another example of our financial discipline and the portfolio management approach that we use to run our company every day. So to summarize, we're encouraged by our continued strong execution this year. We're optimistic that the strategic changes we're making will further improve our portfolio, and we're convinced that our global business plan will continue to deliver shareholder value. That wraps up our prepared remarks, and now we'll begin to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just, I guess, sticking on Europe for a moment. Can you just give a little bit of color on what your remaining sales will be in Western and Central Europe? And any sort of color on initial conversations with customers that will continue to buy other products?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I mean, our total consumer business in Europe is a little over $2 billion, and so this will bring it down by about $500 million. We also have, obviously, a Health Care business and the K-C Professional business as well, so our total sales in Europe are over $3 billion. And from a customer standpoint, those contacts are underway as we speak. And so it'd be premature to give any additional color on that at this point.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And switching gears a little bit, I guess, feminine care volumes in the U.S. and North America were a little bit weaker in the quarter. I'm just wondering if you can offer some color there?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I think fem care -- a couple of things going on. I mean, first of all, our overall share is relatively stable sequentially, and so we're not seeing a lot of movement there. And we are seeing -- there was a lot of promotional activity in July and August. That probably hurt our Kotex Natural Balance business. Our U by Kotex line continued to do very well in the quarter. But other than that, I'd say there was a little bit more promotion in July and August. It abated a bit in September, and so hopefully, it'll be a little more stable in the fourth quarter.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, and K-C Professional. I realize there is the tissue impact, but volumes seem like they were a bit weaker than they've been trending. Was there anything kind of incremental going on there?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, a couple of things. In North America in particular, our washroom business was fine. It was up about 3%. The areas that were probably hit hardest were things that more -- closely associated with manufacturing like safety and wipers. Part of that may be distributor inventory destocking near the end of the quarter, because it seem like things slowed down a little bit in the end of September. It could also be a little bit of softness in manufacturing, so that was part of it. Europe was a little light in KCP. Part of that was the comps last year. They were up 6% or 7% last year in the third quarter, so they had a little tougher comp. And I also think that if you talk to those guys anecdotally, yes, Germany is slowing down just a little bit. The U.K. is slowing down a little bit, so you saw some of that. Other than that, I would say, though, the rest of that business was pretty much on track.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And I guess, just broadly speaking, when you look around the world, you're still posting, for instance, 45% growth in China. If you're looking at kind of a same-store sales-type basis, the markets that you've been in, were there any changes there? And any incremental changes in consumer behavior I guess, in either Western Europe or North America?
Thomas J. Falk: No. I would say it felt like there wasn't a big shift. I don't think anything got hugely better sequentially. And so -- I was in China not long ago, and we're still doing well in established markets. And I'd say the category is still probably growing mid-single digits, mid- to high-single digits, so that might be a same-store sales equivalent. We're getting growth because we're participating in a broader part of the category, moving from the premium to the mid-tier and building that out. We're also expanding our distribution into more cities. And so we've really got 3 growth drivers in our China business; the category itself, and greater penetration, participating in a broader range of the category and then driving our distribution into more cities. And I was in Europe not long ago as well, and I saw some of the same things. I mean, despite all the headlines that you read, I mean, people need diapers and bathroom tissue and facial tissue every day, and so you aren't seeing big trends in consumer behavior there. I think the U.S. is much the same where we've had good innovation. Mom is still willing to pay more for a better product. If you've got the same product as somebody else, there's a little bit more price competition in the market maybe than there was a quarter ago. But that's maybe the only subtle shift that you've seen.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Ferrara with Merrill Lynch.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just wondering if you could give a little more detail on the European exit, right? So it sounds like, using your percentages, that the cash costs of the exit are somewhere like $125 million to $220 million. Can you give a little more color on the returns on that spend? Right? Because -- what might be the opportunity to drive a more efficient structure, right, on the European business in general in that exit, right? Because the cash costs again -- I mean, just trying to understand what the benefit is over time or even in the near term.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, Chris. I think about this maybe more as a divestiture where we're not getting a lot of proceeds. And actually, we have to pay some severance to -- which is most of the cash costs of the charge. And really, part of it is as we're shutting this $500 million in sales, we got to shut all of the overhead that goes with it. So our team over there has gone through all the back office processes to say, "Look, we've got to streamline and exit all of that." And this was roughly 20%, 25% of our sales in Europe, and so you've got to shed 25% of your back office costs. For those of you who have gone through that, that's not an easy thing to do. And so the team has come up with a plan to do that and actually improve our margins in Europe going forward by exiting these businesses. But it's not a classic restructuring where you'd spend this money and you get these cost savings that you might have seen in other areas.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Right. So does that mean that this is a cost drag in the near term? Because your point -- I mean, it's hard to eliminate stranded overhead that quickly. And then also, what do you bake in as prospects to getting cash on some of these, your ability to sell these plants and facilities? I mean, is anything baked into your assumptions right now? And how do you assess the probability of being able to get some real proceeds on this stuff?
Thomas J. Falk: If you look at the range built into the restructuring charge, that -- the variable and the range is really the range of proceeds that might be available. And so the -- you look at the diaper business, which isn't profitable at this point, there's not a lot of EBITDA there to get a multiple on. So we may have some facilities that we'll look to sell, and we'll get some proceeds from some of the activity. But I don't think it's going to be a huge driver of value creation.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then, I guess, just following up on that, I mean, what pushed you over the top to make the exit as opposed to just milk the business? I mean, did you guys expect a continued deterioration? Or was milking it not an option really in these competitive categories?
Thomas J. Falk: Well, we brought in a new management team in Europe late last year, and we challenged them to go pull together a plan that will help us be successful in Europe and that all options are on the table. And rather than give us an incremental change that restructures it one more time and makes it a little better then 2 or 3 years later, we're going to go back at it again, we just fundamentally had to ask ourselves is -- we've been in the diaper business 20 years. We really haven't been successful yet. How much more can we do? And do we have a chance to win here, or can we free up some resources to really win in some of the other good businesses we have in Europe and maybe even free up some resources to invest more aggressively in emerging markets? And it really -- it came down to that call, is do you want to spend more, chasing the European diaper opportunity? Or do you want to go harder in China, Brazil, Russia, Eastern Europe? And I think the team made us a strong recommendation, and we're going forward to make it happen.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Can we just stay in the diaper stuff in Europe for a sec?
Thomas J. Falk: Sure.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So would you be willing to license the Huggies brand to a third party? Or would you just be selling assets if it was a divestiture?
Thomas J. Falk: I think that we'll look at what those alternatives are when we go into a sale process. I think the thing that will be a little tricky is, given that we're still in eastern Europe and we're still in Turkey and we're still in a lot of the other adjacent geographies, still in Italy, that that gets a little more challenging to manage inside the EU. But we'll take a look at that when we get into the sale process.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Got you. And what if someone said, "We'd want the wipes business, too." Is that a non-starter?
Thomas J. Falk: The wipes business has been a phenomenal growth for us. And so -- and we've got good margins in that business. And so we do believe that that's an opportunity for us to continue to drive and grow. And so we still believe in the businesses that we're in in Europe. Our Child Care business, our DryNites business, our Baby Wipes business are doing phenomenally well, very profitable with good margins. And those are core businesses for us.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Got you. And how about fem care? Because it wasn't really mentioned in the prepared comments.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, we don't have much of a fem care business in Europe today, so there's really no change in the status of that.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just moving to a different topic, should we be concerned about acrylic acid prices and super absorbers, given what's happened in Japan with the fire at the factory?
Thomas J. Falk: We haven't seen that yet. Obviously, everybody's watching that. But we've -- we're not affected, and the Nippon Shokubai wasn't our supplier. We're starting to watch that very carefully, but it hasn't spiked in the marketplace. Obviously you've seen some weakness in commodities lately, generally, that's maybe helped. But that's something that we'll have to see how that plays out.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And then one last one, I guess, for Mark. If you look at your payout ratio and your dividends and also on the share repurchase activity, can you guys still fund that with your U.S. cash flow?
Mark A. Buthman: Yes, well, Bill, I think the answer is we're generating more cash outside the U.S. than we need to grow as fast as we are. So we've got to continue to repatriate. And you've seen our -- some pressure on our effective tax rate, and part of that is driven by the costs of bringing that money back to the U.S. So we need to repatriate to continue to fund -- to some amount to continue to fund dividends and share repurchases.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. And we routinely repatriate somewhere in the $500 million to $1 billion level every year and have been for a while.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Does that impact your thinking on the payout ratio? I mean, trying to take it higher just because, obviously, there's an EPS impact with the tax rate?
Mark A. Buthman: Our dividend payout ratio is about where we targeted it to be. So it's not a specific goal we have, but we want to be a strong dividend payer, top-tier dividend payer in the CPG space. We're -- that's a place where we're at, and I'd expect us to continue to be there. I wouldn't expect over time to increase the payout ratio significantly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Beebe Longley - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: My question is about price mix in the U.S. in Consumer Tissue. It was, I think, negative 1%. It had been 5% to 6% in the first half of the year. Could you give us a sense of where that is going in the fourth quarter maybe into 2013, given that raw material cost pressures aren't so onerous anymore?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. We saw -- we've annualized all of the price increases and de-sheeting effect that would have driven positive price in the last several quarters. And we saw a little bit of price softening in the third quarter, predominantly in the premium bath segment around our Cottonelle business, and it was really responding to competitive pricing levels in the marketplace. So -- but it's hard to tell at this stage whether that's retailer-led or manufacturer-led, but it's more just trying to make sure we're -- we had to spend a bit back to be competitive on shelf. I would say that's probably likely to continue in the fourth quarter based on what we've seen in promotional plans that are in place. And obviously, pulp prices just went up a tick, but they're still down year-on-year. And so we're in a kind of an equilibrium point where you're not seeing huge swings in pulp either way that's going to drive pricing to a great extent, I think.
Alice Beebe Longley - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: What about pricing in Personal Care? What should -- what do you think that will look like going ahead? Is that -- it was 2% in this quarter. Does it stay at 2%? Or does that slow as well?
Thomas J. Falk: Most of the pricing in Personal Care was really taken in overseas markets in response to big currency swings. So places like Brazil where we had the big currency shifts, you had more price being generated. So I think I'd look for the big -- where you have big currency swings, you're likely to have some price offset in either direction. And so I'd say that's probably the best way to measure that.
Alice Beebe Longley - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: No, I understand that. I'm talking about North America Personal Care. North America price was 2%.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I think we pretty much annualize all the price changes in North America as well. So I wouldn't look for a lot of price movement in the fourth quarter. [indiscernible]...
Alice Beebe Longley - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: So that might be 0 in the fourth quarter?
Thomas J. Falk: Well, it really is when the pricing went in, like midway through the fourth quarter last year. So we may get a little bit of benefit but not much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So a couple of things on the European changes. One is, when we -- you talked about this before, or this option before. We used to hear things like, "Look, it's too integrated; they're too many dis-synergies," but it doesn't read that way. So is there anything that had changed leading up to this that sent you [ph] to this conclusion about, look, there just aren't that many dis-synergies in breaking this up, number one. And number two, on Europe still, is given the cash charges -- it's one of my favorite topics. What should we expect from a change in buybacks or dividends going forward, given what you're going to have to do and given the earlier question about where your cash is actually generated?
Thomas J. Falk: I guess a couple of things. It is difficult to unbolt a business, and it is very difficult to shed the overhead that goes along with it. And so that's not a trivial exercise, and the team has spent a fair amount of time being very thoughtful on how you do that and still run the business. And so it's an aggressive move, and I give all the credit to the European team for working hard to come up with an aggressive plan that, we think, works. And so I think that it's -- we've changed the leadership team as we talk, came in with a fresh perspective and challenged a lot of previous assumptions and came up with a way that we think will work for us and then give us a chance to be successful in Europe. On the cash question, we've got plenty of cash. And actually, particularly as it's generated internationally, it gets collected in an in-house bank in Europe, and we've got the ability to use those funds in Europe to fund those. So it won't have any significant impact on our stock buybacks or dividend payments going forward. So this is relatively a couple of hundred million dollars on a company with $3 billion in cash flow. It's not going to wiggle it much.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay, cool. But now on commodities, the number, the new number is generally much better than expected. It doesn't all flow to the bottom line, obviously, and of course there's some volume deleverage that's there in some of the categories, some of the businesses. But to try and understand how much of the reinvestment, in some sense, you have to make, is volume delevered versus pricing investments versus marketing investments, versus other types of things, and kind of what's that gap? If you can help us quantify, that might be helpful.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. Maybe, if you think about our overall plan for the year, Ali, and where we're better or worse, you'd say we're certainly better on commodities but we're worse on currency. And actually, if you look at it, we'd say it's $100 million to $150 million of commodity benefit, and we're probably going to have $75 million of translation hit on currency and probably nearly an equal amount of transactions. So commodities and currencies are going to kind of wash relative to our original planning assumptions for the year. And so we're actually a little bit better on volume overall than our plan for the year. And so most of that's in K-C International. We're spending marketing at about the rate -- maybe even slightly ahead of what we thought. And where we really have over-delivered is on our cost savings number. We've taken that guidance up a couple of times and have had good performance on cost savings this year. And that's -- a little bit more volume and much better cost savings is why we're -- been able to raise our guidance twice this year and are going to outperform our plan for the year.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And then last question is just Personal Care sustainability. Clearly, that's been doing really well, especially driven by international. Have you seen any relief in the North American market? The numbers you're reporting don't suggest that, but are you seeing any interesting signs about growth rates, number one? And then number two, China in particular, you mentioned, is growing very well, and you kind of just aggregate it in terms of leaking buckets [ph]. But if you give us a sense of when you start lapping some of the distribution gains in China so we can kind of think about the transition going forward to a more normalized growth rate.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. That's a fair comment. In the U.S. -- I mean, I think the -- our original plan for the birth rate in the U.S. was for it to be up slightly this year, more second half-driven. It looks like it's going to be probably flat. So it's negative in the first half, positive in the second half. We'd expect it to be slightly positive in 2013 based on that. But -- so if you look at the category on a units basis, we thought it was going to be down 1%. It's probably going to be down 2% for the year in the diaper category. If there was any bright spots for us in the third quarter, our Child Care business did quite well, driven by our GoodNites brand, which we've got a strong offer there. We also had some innovation with some new products that were launched into that market. It was also a hot, dry summer in the U.S., so we sold a lot of Little Swimmers. And so that helped our third quarter performance as well. But it also showed that mom is willing to spend a bit more for innovative, terrific products in that space. In China, we just keep adding cities and keep growing over there. So I don't think we can keep growing at 45% or 50%. But we've got an aggressive growth plan to -- if that business in total today is $400 million, it could be $1 billion by 2015. And so we do see significant growth still coming in that market.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wendy Nicholson with Citi Research.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: My question goes back to Europe. And I guess the bigger-picture question, the new guy who's, I guess, maybe putting himself out of a job, was it contemplated that you should exit Western Europe in a bigger way, kind of like P&G did with the tissue towel business? Because just running the numbers quickly, if you take away the $500 million of revenues and no profit, the business, even still, is going to have, I think, a high-single-digit EBIT margin, which is better than it's been, but it still drags down the overall. So was there a contemplation that maybe there's a bigger action that should be contemplated?
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I guess the first thing I would tell you, Wendy, is that the guy is actually a girl. And so Kim Underhill has done a great job with her team in Europe, and she's not putting herself out of a job. She's actually going to take the $1.6 billion business that we have in Europe that we think will be a little bit better than the high-single-digit margins that you've delivered and put together a plan to grow those businesses and get it to the point where it is accretive to the company overall. And so we won't do that, and these restructuring actions will take a couple of years to go. And in places it takes a while to take capacity out in Europe. But that's certainly the vision, is to get Europe to be a contributing part of the company, with growth prospects and the opportunity to launch innovation and really run it like the rest of Kimberly-Clark long term. And that's what's exciting for the team over there.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Can you talk about kind of what -- more specifically, what you see? Because in that tissue towel business, I've always thought that that, in and of itself, is a hard business to make a lot of money in given private label. Do you think innovation makes it different? Is it just your cost structure? Is it the fact that the Procter brands are gone? What makes Europe, from a consumer tissue perspective, so much more attractive today than it's been for a while?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I guess it's a couple things. First of all, it's launching innovation -- you're absolutely right that the bath tissue category is highly private label-penetrated and is not necessarily the place that we're going to win. We've got a great brand in Andrex. We're going to continue to maintain that and invest in it. It's more about how do we drive Kleenex facial tissue more aggressively in markets around there? How do we drive Moist? We've just launched Andrex Moist and relaunched that in Europe, in the U.K., with great success. So how do you start to build out with the great brands that we have into adjacencies that have got a better margin structure? We also see that in our Personal Care space. Are we going as hard with DryNites and Baby Wipes and Pull-Ups as we can? And in some ways, by being in the diaper business, that was constraining funds to invest in these other categories. We haven't put our best foot forward always. And so this frees us up to be able to invest more aggressively behind those growth opportunities that we do have in Europe.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. And then I just had a quick follow-up on China, the phenomenal growth that you're seeing there. Number one, can you give us kind of what category growth is? And I know your strategy, historically in China, has always been, I think, to compete kind of at the high end and be very selective about where you distribute in and what price points. Is that strategy still in place? Or is there a chance that, because you're getting so much bigger, you're going to go more down-market and compete at multiple price points?
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I mean, we're in the top 2 tiers. We've got all we can handle to drive that aggressively at this point in time. There are some very good companies that compete at the lower end and it's tougher to differentiate in that space. So we're going to go at the mid to top end of the market. We actually think the market is moving in that direction anyway as consumers are trading up in China. And so that -- we're on trend, and that's helping us as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Caroline S. Levy - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, Research Division: The insight on China, that's very helpful. A couple of things. Are you able to give us an outline of -- in how many categories you gained share in the U.S.?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I mean, if you look at -- versus a year ago, I think we were up in all but Baby Wipes. Up or flat in all but Baby Wipes and maybe paper towels. Is that fair?
Paul J. Alexander: That's correct. And that's the same -- on a year-to-date basis actually, we're up or flat in 7 of 8 categories.
Caroline S. Levy - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, Research Division: Okay. And moving on to SG&A. I'm assuming your advertising marketing was up. That was the $25 million increase? Is that right?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes.
Paul J. Alexander: Yes.
Caroline S. Levy - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, Research Division: And what percentage increase is that?
Paul J. Alexander: Yes, we don't disclose that, but it's well above...
Thomas J. Falk: A little faster than sales, yes.
Paul J. Alexander: Well above the organic sales growth.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes.
Caroline S. Levy - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, Research Division: And you referenced some investment spending in the G&A line. Can you help us understand that a bit?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I mean, as we're growing in our emerging markets, building capability in those areas -- so we've opened research centers in Colombia and Korea, for example, where we've spent some money to get those up and going. And as we're building marketing capability and our teams around the world, we're having to add some resource. So as we go into China, for example, when you're growing at the rate that we're growing, we've just got to build some infrastructure to be able to support that. So that's part of the increase there.
Caroline S. Levy - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, Research Division: Okay. Do you -- are you able to give a sense of what the impact to EBIT and earnings was from currency?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I think we've disclosed some of that. Paul, do you want to give some of the details?
Paul J. Alexander: Yes. So on a translation standpoint, that should be in the news release. It was about a $25 million drag. And then if you also add in transaction impact, it's about an $0.08 drag on the quarter.
Caroline S. Levy - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, Research Division: And then the final one is if you could just run us through the puts and takes of the major commodity inputs as you see them now.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. In the quarter -- I mean, the biggest swing was fiber, which was, what, $45 million positive? And that's across virgin fiber as well as recycled fiber, were both positive in the quarter. Our other material buckets were about $25 million positive, which is mostly polymer and super absorbent and things like that. And then we had some distribution expense, in part because of the high diesel cost in the summer that swung the other way, $10 million or $15 million.
Caroline S. Levy - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, Research Division: And your assumption for the balance of the year is sort of more of the same or even more favorability? Is -- when you say...
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. Going forward, I think the biggest shifts in our commodity cost assumptions was in pulp, which is probably about $20 a ton lower than what we would have had in our last guidance, and that accounts for most of it. Oil is tracking pretty much where we thought it would. Now obviously it has come down a little bit in the last few days, but we're expecting oil to be in the mid-$90s. And I think most of the commodities that we buy that are based on oil are kind of targeting that kind of a price.
Caroline S. Levy - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, Research Division: And the pulp price you assume then?
Thomas J. Falk: Pulp price, I think for northern soft was like $870 a ton, something like that.
Paul J. Alexander: Yes. That's the midpoint of our full year range. Yes.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just was curious what percentage -- or to what degree the downtime you guys have taken every year has actually been in the European diaper business or even in the -- some of the tissue areas that you may be exiting.
Thomas J. Falk: I wouldn't say Europe was a disproportionate part of that. I mean, if anything, probably just because of the sheer size of the U.S. business, more of the downtime has happened in the U.S. Europe has had probably its fair share, but I wouldn't say it was a disproportionate part of it.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So that's not a swing factor going forward in terms of how we think about downtime?
Thomas J. Falk: Actually, in the quarter, I don't think we've talked about this much, but downtime was actually a slight positive in the quarter, which we talked about last year. We took more of the downtime in the third and fourth quarters, and that continued a bit into the first and second quarters. Our inventories are pretty much tracking to where we need them to be, and so we're in a reasonable shape from an operating rate standpoint.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then just -- another question on sort of how you manage the brands going forward in Europe. So is -- are GoodNites and wipes really not marketed under the Huggies brand?
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I mean, the brand in Europe is actually DryNites, and the wipes is marketed under the Huggies brand name. And so we'll absolutely do that. In fact, it's probably -- you have to be around for awhile to remember this, but when we went into Europe, we actually launched Pull-Ups before we launched diapers so we could be a first mover in that market. And you have lots of wipes players in the market that aren't in the diaper category. J&J is there, Beiersdorf is there. So you've got -- there's other examples where you've got a consumer-recognizable brand that -- and a differentiated product, and we can be successful in that space. And I think, as many of us know, wipes are also used in lots of non-diapering households for various uses. So it's -- we just think it's an exciting category with a lot of growth opportunity for us.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And so sorry, just to be -- the Pull-Ups is also -- is under the Huggies brand, but it's...
Thomas J. Falk: There's probably a Huggies parentage on the packaging. I haven't looked at it in a little while, but I'd be surprised if there wasn't. But it's big Pull-Ups, little Huggies.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: First is just a couple of questions about Europe. I remember -- I believe when Darwin pushed the company there, the U.K. was your first entry point. And then I think you bought Mon Bebe in Iberia and Linostar in Italy, and it looks like you're going to keep Linostar. And I was just wondering what has been different about that business than the other regions in Europe. And secondly, could you just verify, are Linostar's revenues somewhere in the, I guess, $100 million, $150 million range a year?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I don't think we've used that name in a long time, Chip. So it's a -- I think the Italian diaper market, we just think the margin structure is different. The retail trade structure is different. It's much less concentrated than other parts of Europe, and so it just makes more sense for us to go to market from that standpoint. But I think your sales are probably in the ballpark. I don't know, Paul, if you...
Paul J. Alexander: It might be a little bit high, but...
Thomas J. Falk: A little high, yes.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Got you. Okay.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I think it's a -- the market in Italy is about $600 million, and we're...
Paul J. Alexander: We're at low teen share.
Thomas J. Falk: Low teen share. So...
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Got you. Got you. And then of the 5 facilities that are going to be sold or divested, is -- I mean, I'm guessing -- we're obviously -- it looks like your tissue footprint really isn't changing that much over there. I'm going to guess, on the consumer side, 10% to 15%. And would that therefore mean this is just -- one of the facilities is actually a tissue mill?
Thomas J. Falk: I think there will be several tissue mills, as well as some personal care mills. And that -- obviously we're still in the process of notifying all the teams today, so we're not going to give more specifics than that at this point. But there could -- particularly associated with some of the market exits that we're talking about.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Okay. And obviously, what you're not giving us -- I mean, obviously, you're -- there are some upfront cash costs, and I know people have asked about this, but are you -- I mean, are you just being conservative and not assuming a proceeds number for some of these divestitures? Or do you just don't think they're going to be material relative to the cost?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I'd say the proceeds that we expect are the real variable in driving the range that we've provided in the guidance. So there's some proceeds at the low end of the range and there's more proceeds at the high end of the range.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Okay. Got you. And last question. As you look at the U.S. market for tissue, we're looking at like 7 or 8 restarts or new machines that are either ATMOS or TAD that -- some are private label. I mean -- sorry, some are away from home, and some are private label. And I just heard last week that the biggest guy out there, First Quality, is adding a third machine in South Carolina in '14, and I'm assuming that they must be getting some support from the retailers. And I'm just wondering if -- are you seeing any impact on your business from this increase in private label capacity?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I would say not so far, and there's also been capacity that's come out of the market that I think you know we've done some of it with the Everett facility coming out, as well as some of the work that we're doing at Chester. And there have been other closures by other players in the market. So at this point, you'd say, boy, for the year, in dry bath, I think private label shares are up slightly." But it's maybe like a point I think -- I think it's up -- it's up 2% and it's up 1% in towel. So it's something that we're watching, but I wouldn't say at this point that it's had a huge impact on the business.
Paul J. Alexander: Yes. And from our standpoint, Chip, our shares are about flat in all categories in tissue this year. So that share gain from private label is not coming out of us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Listen. On 2 follow ups, one on North America tissue pricing and the other on Europe itself. On tissue, you talk about a more assertive or aggressive promotional calendar going into the fourth quarter. So at this point, how would you characterize the promotional environment, given that pulp prices are down in the low teens? Is it as aggressive as you would expect there? Or is it the behavior by cost industries and Procter? How would you characterize the promotional environment thus far?
Thomas J. Falk: I would say we have seen some hotter promotional price points in the third quarter and we've spent some to be competitive and to obviously protect share, which we were able to do. We -- it's difficult to tell whether that's retailer driven or manufacturer driven, and so we'll obviously watch that in the fourth quarter and see how that plays out.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: With regards to Europe then, basically, could you help us understand the impact on the earnings progression in 2013? Because you're going to be taking charges in the fourth quarter, my understanding is that when this stuff is done, it's going to be $500 million in sales being lost. So to what extent the costs associated with these sales are going to be matching these sales, these foregone sales? So should I be worried that there's going to be a deleverage early on as we enter in fiscal '13? How -- if you can give us some preliminary thoughts about how this decision of exiting Europe is going to impact the earnings progression of next year.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, that's a great question, and it's one the European team is intensely focused on right now, is to get the cost out quickly, to get them out in the fourth quarter so that as we go into 2013, we don't see a dip in our profitability in Europe. I wouldn't expect a lot of growth from our 2012 results but that we shed that $500 million in sales and hold our profitability in Europe. And so that's the goal and the plan. We'll obviously give you more color on that when we provide guidance in January.
Operator: Our next question comes from Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital Markets.
Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Most of my questions have been answered, so I'll ask my usual on Venezuela. Could you tell us what the impact of a 50% devaluation would be, given the price declines in your categories?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. You want to know the balance sheet number or the kind of ongoing business number?
Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Both.
Thomas J. Falk: So the balance sheet number, I think, Mark, we've got, what, a couple of hundred million in the...
Mark A. Buthman: A couple hundred million dollars.
Thomas J. Falk: In the financial assets in current U.S. dollars. So you'd have about a $100 million hit if you had a 50% devaluation. And from an ongoing business standpoint, I think the correct answer is it really depends on what happens to pricing. If you have that kind of a deval and pricing controls stay in place at the levels that they're at, then I think that's a big problem for everybody. And so we'll have to wait and see. But for perspective, it's low single-digits percent of our sales and operating profit at this point. And so we'll have to see what happens as we get more clarity on what's going on down there.
Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Is there any discussion with the authorities to get some pricing relief? Because it does them no good to have suppliers pull out of the market because they can't make money.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I think, obviously, given that the elections just happened down there, I don't think there was a lot of discussion leading up to that. They were kind of focused on other things and trying to figure out who was going to be in charge. And now that that's been decided, we'll have to see what happens. I think, clearly, the government understands what the impacts of their policy changes are, and they'll have to work with the manufacturing environment to make sure they can provide for their -- for the people in Venezuela. And so we're going to try to work with whatever rules are there and find the business opportunity that works for us and for our consumers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Gere with RBC Capital Markets.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I'll even make it shorter, just -- most of the questions have been answered. Just going back, I think, to Javier's question, 2 ago. So as we think about '13, is it your thought right now that the impact to '13 EPS will be minimal from the exiting of the business?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, on an adjusted basis. So we'll still have whatever charges will flow through. But on an adjusted basis, I wouldn't see any -- a dip in profitability.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, good. And then, I guess the other question is just, as you think about the organic sales and -- the first 2 quarters of the year, you guys beat expectations out there in the top line. This quarter, I felt like maybe some of the B2B businesses slowed a little bit or had some tougher comparisons. So I guess, one, can you talk about how organic sales kind of shaped up relative to your internal expectations and maybe where was some of the shortfall? And then, two, was there any change in cadence over the quarter July through September? I mean, we've heard about retail seeing some week September numbers out there, but -- and this is staples. But I was just wondering if there's any type of differentiation over the course of the quarter.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I would say, if you kind of go around the businesses, I'd say North American consumer was pretty close to on track in the quarter from our expectations. B2B was a little week. It tended to soften more late in the quarter, and so some of that may be distributor inventory-related issues. Or you had a little bit more manufacturing weakness that might have affected KCP. KCI generally had a solid quarter and outperformed expectations pretty much everywhere, was at least what we thought or even a little better. So overall, I would say it was pretty close to expectations, with a bit of the over-delivery in KCI and a little softness in KCP and Health Care.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then was there any change just over the course of the 3 months? And how does October look?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I mean, again, I would say September was a little lighter, particularly in the B2B businesses. And it's -- October so far looks fine. But again, we'll have more visibility of it when the month is actually closed. So...
Operator: Our next question comes from Linda Bolton-Weiser with Caris.
Linda Bolton-Weiser - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: I guess I was a little surprised that the Consumer Tissue operating margin kind of went -- it went down sequentially, if I've got my numbers right here.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, it's down about 40 basis points sequentially, I think.
Linda Bolton-Weiser - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes, and because the volume performance was about the same as last quarter, and of course the pricing was less positive. But that was true of the Personal Care segment as well, and yet the profitability in Personal Care looked quite good. So what am I missing here? Were there more cost saves in Personal Care than Consumer Tissue? Or...
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I'd say we had more positive price in Personal Care, and we actually had negative price in Consumer Tissue, which we talked a little bit about. And so that was probably the biggest single difference. I mean, I would say we still got good year-on-year margin improvement in Consumer Tissue and would expect to see that continue through the year. And we also would say we're not satisfied with the margins where they're at, that we'd like them to be closer to the mid-teens. And so we still have work to do and have got aggressive cost savings programs going there as well.
Linda Bolton-Weiser - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Because I would think that your fiber costs actually kind of sell further sequentially. Right? From the segment in the third quarter?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes.
Linda Bolton-Weiser - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So then, in the fourth quarter...
Thomas J. Falk: Well, there's been some pulp prices increases announced in the fourth quarter. So sequentially, you could see a bit of cost pressure from pulp. And we still think it's going to be a competitive promotional spending environment out there. So we've got to deliver the volume, we've got to deliver the cost savings to get the margin improvement that we're looking for.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Faucher with JPMorgan Chase.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: A quick question for you, which is, you talked about sort of stepping -- new leadership stepping into this business and taking a look at where the structural advantages, disadvantages are in making that decision. You guys have been a little more static with your portfolio, it seems, over the past couple of years. So can you talk to us, as you look out, and I'm not looking for sort of specific examples of which businesses you'd like to jettison and what have you, but just sort of what percentage of your portfolio you think you need to have to sort of continual [ph] a review on? And is this something where, if we look at your results over the past 12 to 18 months, you've been a little bit more successful I think than some of us anticipated? Top line has been strong. How much of this is sort of taking advantage of a little bit of a tailwind to make some tough choices?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I mean, I guess I would say, John, we're all -- we're looking at all parts of the portfolio all the time. And so it's not one that -- we're doing regular strategic reviews and tracking how individual businesses are performing against the plan. And so -- and making a decision to exit the diaper category in Europe was a tough call for us. It's one that's a business that we're in all over the world. It's a core business for us. But we also had to look at the harsh reality and say we've been trying to be successful over there for 20 years, and we've haven't made any money. It's not a hobby. We've got to find a way to make a profit, or we've got to think about whether we can redeploy our effort elsewhere. And so I do give the team credit for having that conversation and framing up the discussion with us, and we're going to make the decision to move forward. And so -- but again, I don't see huge chunks of the portfolio that we're unhappy with. There's individual category/country combinations that you want to go work on and problem solve, but I don't see there's huge chunks of it that I'm concerned about at this point in time.
Operator: At this time, we have no other questioners in the queue.
Paul J. Alexander: All right. Thanks, David. We'll wrap up with a comment from Tom.
Thomas J. Falk: Once again, we were pleased to be able to raise our guidance for the second quarter in a row and continue to deliver on our investor expectations. There's a lot happening at Kimberly-Clark today, a lot of great innovation, and we're taking the right actions, consistent with our global business plan, to run the business for a successful future. So thank you very much for your support of Kimberly-Clark.
Paul J. Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. You may disconnect your lines now. And have a wonderful afternoon.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul J. Alexander - Vice President of Investor Relations Mark A. Buthman - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Thomas J. Falk - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Linda Bolton-Weiser - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S. John P. San Marco - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to introduce today's first presenter, Mr. Paul Alexander.
Paul J. Alexander: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO; and Mike Azbell, Vice President and Controller. Here's the agenda for our call: Mark will begin with a review of second quarter results. Tom will then provide his perspectives on results through the first half of the year and also our full-year outlook. We'll finish with Q&A. As usual, we have a presentation of today's materials in the Investor Section of our website. Before we begin, let me remind you that we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. We'll also be referring to adjusted results and outlook this morning, both of which exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. For further information on these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP, please see this morning's news release. Now I'll turn it over to Mark.
Mark A. Buthman: Thanks, Paul, and good morning. Let's start with the headlines. First, we delivered organic sales growth of 5%, as highlighted by 9% growth in K-C International. Second, we generated strong improvements in both adjusted gross and operating margins, as well as double-digit growth in adjusted earnings per share. And third, we reinvested significantly behind our brands, with higher levels of strategic marketing and R&D investment. Now, let's cover the details of the quarter. Overall sales of $5.3 billion were even with the year-ago period, underlying organic sales rose a healthy 5%. It's driven by higher net selling prices of more than 2% and increased sales volumes of 2%. On the other hand, changes in foreign currency rates decreased sales by more than 3%, and lost sales in conjunction with our pulp and tissue restructuring reduced sales by an additional 1%. Moving down the P&L, adjusted gross margin was 33.6%. That's up 240 basis points year-on-year. The improvement was driven by organic sales growth and $70 million of FORCE cost savings. Although we benefited from input cost inflation of $30 million, this was mostly offset by unfavorable currency translation effects. Let me spend a minute on our FORCE program. Our teams around the world have been working hard to identify and implement additional savings programs so that we can fund reinvestment and improve our margins. They've made excellent progress in the first half of the year, in particular by leveraging our global procurement organization and continuous improvement capabilities. As a result, we're increasing our 2012 full year savings target to at least $250 million, up from our previous estimate of $150 million to $200 million. This new guidance, our 2011 and 2012 combined total savings, are now projected to be at least $515 million. So we'll exceed our existing 3-year target of $400 million to $500 million after just 2 years. Now turning back to our results. On an adjusted basis, second quarter operating profit rose 8% with an operating margin of 14.7%. That's up 110 basis points compared to prior year. Our investment between the lines increased, including a $35 million step-up in strategic marketing to support our product innovations and targeted growth initiatives. Administrative and research spending also increased as we continue to build capabilities to support future growth, particularly in K-C International. Second quarter adjusted earnings per share were $1.30 compared with $1.18 last year. While we benefited from a slightly lower adjusted effective tax rate, that effect was mostly offset by lower equity income. Cash provided by operations in the second quarter was a solid $740 million. That compares to a strong year-ago performance of $771 million. In terms of primary working capital, I'm encouraged that we're on track with our plan to reduce our cash conversion cycle by at least 2 days this year. We continue to allocate capital in shareholder-friendly ways. During the second quarter, we repurchased 2.5 million shares of KMB stock at a cost of $200 million. We now anticipate full year share repurchases of $1.3 billion, up from our previous target of $900 million to $1.1 million (sic) [$1.1 billion] for the year. This reflects our expectation for additional excess cash flow, including proceeds from the exercise of stock options. And the last, we're now expecting a more moderate year-on-year decline in our diluted share count than we previously anticipated. That's mostly due to the accounting impact of option exercises. Now I'll highlight a few areas from our segment results for the quarter. In Personal Care, organic sales rose 7%, with volumes up 4% and net selling prices advancing 3%. We had another quarter of strong volume growth in K-C International, including high-single digit growth in each of our major regions. The growth initiatives performed very well. In fact, in the Diaper category, specifically, China volumes grew by more than 40%, and Brazil and Russia volumes were each up approximately 20%. Elsewhere, our European business delivered solid volume growth in the quarter, while our North American volumes were down slightly. The benefit of improved net selling prices in Personal Care was driven by K-C International and our Huggies brand in North America. Second quarter Personal Care operating margins of 16.8% were pretty similar to both last year and the first quarter this year. Turning to Consumer Tissue, organic sales were up more than 1%. Net selling prices rose 3%, while organic volumes fell about 1%. We continue to deliver excellent price realization in both North America and across K-C International. Consumer Tissue operating margins rose 340 basis points versus last year, and I'm really pleased that our teams continue to capture the benefits from our strategies to improve revenue realization and drive cost savings. Lower pulp costs also helped our tissue margins. Moving to K-C Professional & Other, organic sales were up 3%. The increase was driven by improved volumes of 2% and higher net selling prices of 1%. Volumes were up 5% in K-C International, while North American and European volumes were up modestly. Operating margins of 16.4% were up 120 basis points versus last year, driven by benefits from organic sales growth, cost savings and lower input cost. And lastly, Health Care organic sales were up 7%, as driven by volume growth. Medical device volumes increased double-digits, with strong growth in both our digestive health and airway management businesses. In addition, surgical and infection prevention volumes rose mid-single digits as led by growth in exam gloves and surgical products. Operating margins in Health Care of 13.6% were in line with a year ago. So that wraps up my comments. To recap, we achieved solid organic sales growth led by K-C International, delivered improved margins and earnings per share and we're reinvesting in the business to support our growth strategies. Now I'll turn it over to Tom.
Thomas J. Falk: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Since Mark has reviewed our second quarter results, I'll just add that I'm encouraged by our overall performance and by the execution of our Global Business Plan strategies. About halfway through the year, we've made excellent progress in a continued volatile environment, and our business fundamentals are strong. So let me share some of the highlights of our results from the first half of the year. On the top line, our organic sales were up 5%, and that's ahead of our original full year target for growth of 3% to 4%. K-C International has been a key driver of that growth, and our organic sales there are up 11% and that includes 15% growth in Personal Care, which is a significant pickup compared to the 10% organic growth this business achieved last year. And we're delivering strong results in several key priority businesses. For example, in China, our Diaper volumes so far this year are up more than 45%, and that's driven by benefits from product innovation and distribution expansion. Our Diaper business in Russia is also performing very well. We've got 20-plus percent volume growth there. An upgraded Huggies diaper has been key to our success in this market. And in Brazil, we've launched premium diaper pants. Our diaper volumes there have increased by more than 15% so far this year. And then finally, volumes in adult care and baby wipes across Kimberly-Clark International are each up about 15%, and we're making these businesses become truly global. So I'm pleased with K-C International's performance so far this year. Our categories are healthy, we're generating better-than-expected growth and we're very optimistic about our future prospects for this part of our business. And it's good to know that K-C International has even more innovation coming in the second half of the year. That includes the relaunch of premium adult care pants in Brazil, premium fem care offerings throughout Latin America and a diaper upgrade in South Korea. Now turning to North America. We delivered mid- to high-single digit volume growth in feminine care and adult care in the first half of this year, and both businesses are benefiting from strong marketing programs and product innovation. And on the innovation front, we're optimistic about our Poise brand's recently announced entry into the feminine wellness category. Our other businesses in North America are generally performing in line with our plans, although category demand in baby and child care is tracking at the low end of our previous expectations. We've also seen some modest trade down in these categories, but nonetheless, our market shares are holding steady in these 2 businesses. And looking more broadly at our market shares in North America, our positions remain solid overall, as we're up or even with year-ago market share levels in 6 of our 8 consumer businesses. And finally in Europe, conditions remain challenging, particularly in Southern Europe. With that said, our market shares are generally stable overall and our European team is on track to achieve its 2012 plan. So overall, organic top line growth has been very good through the first 6 months of 2012 and our brands are in great shape. To drive this growth and support our brands, we've been investing significantly, including an $80 million increase so far this year in strategic marketing. And our research and development spending was also up at a double-digit rate in the first half of this year. Now turning to profitability, we've increased adjusted gross margin by 240 basis points in the first half of the year. That's been driven by our focus on organic sales growth and cost savings. Our adjusted operating profit has grown by 10% in the first half and that's led to a 12% increase in adjusted earnings per share, and that's ahead of our original plan for the year. We continue to run the business with financial discipline. Our balance sheet remains strong, our cash provided by operations is up 30% through June. So while we're only halfway through the year, we've got more work to do, but we're tracking ahead of our previous expectations in a number of areas, and I'm encouraged by our progress. So let me move to the outlook. Our plan is to build on the momentum that we've had going in the first half of this year. We'll continue to focus on our targeted growth initiatives, innovation, brand building, cost-reduction and shareholder-friendly capital allocation. There are a number of updates to our full year planning assumption in this morning's news release. We're now targeting 2012 adjusted earnings per share to be in a range of $5.05 to $5.20 per share, and that range is about $0.05 per higher -- $0.05 per share higher at each end of the range than our previous estimates. The key drivers for the increased outlook are our higher organic sales growth and increased FORCE cost savings. While we've lowered our commodity cost estimates, we expect that those benefits will be largely offset by more unfavorable currency exchange rates as commodity cost and the U.S. dollar continue to generally move in the opposite directions. We've also taken up our strategic marketing and G&A investment plans to support our growth initiatives, and I'm pleased that we're able to increase our near-term outlook and increase the level of investments we're making for our future success. So to summarize, our performance in the first half of the year was excellent. We've increased our expectations for our 2012 organic sales growth, cost savings and adjusted earnings per share, and we remain convinced that our Global Business Plan will continue to improve shareholder value. That wraps up our prepared remarks, and now we'll begin to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I guess want to talk about volumes a little bit, specifically the growth that you posted in European Personal Care as well as North American Tissue. Is that just because of easy comps or was there something else going on?
Thomas J. Falk: I think in Europe Personal Care, a couple of things. We had double-digit growth in our baby wipes business. We had high-single digit growth in DryNites and Pull-Ups and we had low-single digit growth in branded diapers. And so it's good to see we've got good innovation and strong brands in some of those categories that are delivering growth. We also picked up a couple of private label contracts, which also helped, and then I think the comps were a little easier in second quarter last year. So lots going on there. In Consumer Tissue, in Europe was your question or was it in...
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And North America.
Thomas J. Falk: In North America, you saw kind of a mixed bag. The second quarter facial tissue volumes were down just a touch. Our shares were relatively stable overall. COTTONELLE volumes were down, but Viva and Scott Towels volumes were up. Some of the -- most of the COTTONELLE volume decline had more to do with promotional timing at a key customer. Last year we had a big promotion, it didn't repeat this year. So that would explain most of it. But the shares overall in tissue look pretty decent.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just sticking with volume and demand a little bit, can you offer any incremental color? You mentioned a little bit of the trade down in baby care. I'm just wondering, as you move through the second quarter, any changes, incremental changes, reflective of the macro environment or has it been kind of as you've been seeing for the last couple of years?
Thomas J. Falk: You probably saw private label shares ticked up in several categories, 1 point or 2 sequentially, and so diapers was one of those. I think it was up a point sequentially. Our shares were flat, but that's one that you probably would look to. Now you have other ones. You look at our adult care shares, our private label is down a couple of points. And so it's probably just one that we've watched sequentially, but infant care was up, I think, 0.9 point. Fem care private label share was up just under a point. Facial tissue, it always goes up sequentially because it's the weakest quarter, so that one was fairly normal. And then in the dry bath category, private label was up a couple of points. So as we would say, we'd look at modest category trade down, those were areas we'd probably focus on.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just one -- couple quick questions on commodity cost. Looking at your forecast for NBSK, that's kind of in line with the first half average, yet prices seem to be falling in the second half. Are you expecting some sort of pickup or, again, are you just basing this on forecasts that are out there?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, we're basing on forecasts that are out there. So we're down probably about $35 a ton on average per NBSK versus our last update for you. I think in April, we talked about $915 to $930 a ton. We're now calling it $880 to $895 a ton on average for the year. Current spot is about $880. So we think that we're in the ballpark, but we'll see what happens. I think the northern softwood market has maybe gotten a little bit more slack in recent weeks, so there may be a little bit more downside there. But the hardwood market where we probably buy more eucalyptus than anything else seems fairly firm at this point. So I wouldn't see a lot of opportunity on that part of our fiber mix.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Ferrara with Bank of America.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So strategic marketing, up about, I guess it looks like it's about 25% or so in the first half. I guess, I want to try to understand the need to continue that pace. To what extent is this increase structural versus in response to heavy new product activity? I guess -- so could you talk about that and the need for this pretty fast pace and increase to continue over the next couple of quarters?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I guess, I would say if you kind of look at the percent of sales, we're back pretty close to where we were in 2010. So we had ramped up and gotten up to a little over 5% of sales. In 2011 it flattened out, and we really had a better year of sales growth and didn't increase strategic marketing, in fact, it decreased a little bit. And so we're more back on the trendline and kind of back to where we probably ought to be from a percent of sales basis. We really look at it more market by market and are we competitive with our share of voice and are we investing appropriately behind the innovation. And so most of the incremental funding is going to drive Personal Care growth in emerging markets, and so you're seeing -- with the kind of growth we're seeing in China, Russia, Latin America, you're seeing a significant uptick in spend there. In North America, when we launch our new Poise and Depend products, we're doing that behind a full up A&P program. Same will be true with some of the new U by Kotex experience. We had a relaunch of the mainline Huggies diapers that we supported this year, and so we're investing behind innovation that we think will drive top line and margin ultimately and then that's showing up so far this year.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And I guess, on another note, this $20 million drag, I guess, to operating profit this quarter on, I guess, on production downtime, can you talk about what the full year run rate would be in order to generate the 2 days of cash conversion cycle improvement you're talking about? Are you already there or do you think you're going to have incremental downtime for the rest of the year that will affect operating profit?
Thomas J. Falk: We still would say that the amount of downtime we're going to take is going to be pretty similar overall this year to last year. Last year was probably more heavily back-end weighted, so I think our comps are going to get easier on that score in the back half. Pretty much all the downtime has been focused on North America and baby and child care, where the category's softer than we thought. So we're taking downtime to make sure we don't build inventory in that environment. And maybe Mark, you can talk about cash conversion cycle, but we're pretty close to running at the rate that we need to run at, and I think we just a little bit of opportunity in the back half as we get past some of the launches that we've built some inventory for in the first half.
Mark A. Buthman: Yes, I would say, Chris, that the teams are, as our rate of innovation has picked up, obviously, that throws a curve at the supply chain that teams are getting much better at planning for inventories, executing the launch and pushing inventories down. So now this has become more a normal cycle in our business op, but we're right on track to meet or potentially exceed our cash conversion cycle goal for the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Gere with RBC Capital Markets.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just, I guess, thinking about price as it comes through the sales composition. Last quarter was 3, this quarter, I guess maybe a touch over 2. Just from the area of competitive activity that you're seeing in North America and even to Europe to some degree, are you seeing any risk out there of price rollbacks? Can you just maybe talk about the -- I mean, I know, there's always a timing of when some of the pricing kind of anniversaries, but I guess I was just wondering about the competitive landscape, and then should we expect that the pricing benefit that is built into this year's expectation starts to, I guess, decelerate over the course of the year more than anniversary-ing it but just because there might be a little bit more promotional element coming through?
Thomas J. Falk: That's always a risk, especially as you have a weaker commodity environment that someone will spend it back. I think our primary competitor has been pretty transparent on where their focal point is for pricing investments, and so you guys have read all that, I'm sure. So the areas that they highlighted, I'm sure we'll continue to see activities that we'll be focused on. And from our standpoint, we're focused on driving the business with innovation and driving a better mix overall. We will anniversary a lot of the pricing in the back half of the year, particularly K-C International, but also in the U.S. So the pricing comps will get tougher. And in the meantime, if we can continue to drive innovation, we'll make it that much tougher for everybody to compete.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So at this point, you're not -- even with pulp kind of below the forecast you're not -- and I kind of feel that pulp is at the level now where you took pricing maybe or the lesser on the pricing, so it feels like things are fine at retail, but maybe if you can provide a little color of any discussions with retailers if they're looking for any incremental trade support just, obviously, paying attention to how commodities are trending for you.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I don't think they've seen a big enough commodity pullback in any area that would -- that, that alone would drive a major pricing action, and I think most retailers would like to be advantaged as opposed to just seeing a broad industry decrease. So they would like a special offer that's lined up with their particular strategy and are more focused on that kind of a discussion than in trying to get you the rollback industry prices, which just takes dollars of the category and hurts their same-store sales.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, just the last question would be, I think, last quarter, we were hoping to see some stabilization in just North America child care, then just maybe some updated thoughts. I mean, how prolonged do you think this will be that, I mean, hopefully we won't see continued mid-single digit declines year-over-year as you head into 2013, but just your research, your intel, just a sense of where we are in the category, when do you think the category could stabilize?
Thomas J. Falk: I mean, obviously, we're feeling the full effects of 3 years of low birth rate declines, and the birth rate looks like it's going to be fairly flat this year. And so you'll start to see that roll into the child care category as those children graduate from diapers and move into Pull-Ups, and so we would expect that you'll still see relatively soft category comps this year, but it should start to stabilize next year.
Operator: Our next question will come from Linda Bolton-Weiser with Caris.
Linda Bolton-Weiser - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: So just another question on pricing. I see that in -- you said in Personal Care International, your pricing was up about 4, I think, and you said driven by increases in Latin America. Can you comment on how the pricing works in other emerging markets besides Latin America when you have these currency devaluations? Do you take price? And how does that work? And is it harder or not harder, like I guess Russia would be an example or maybe some of the Asian emerging markets where there has been some currency devaluations? Can you just kind of comment on the pricing in International outside Latin America?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean, as you can imagine, it's a fairly complex -- the question depends on the amount of the material that's imported in that particular market versus what's produced in-country. So if a good part of your cost base is in a foreign currency and your home currency devalues, you're going to see pricing happen a lot quicker. So for example, in Russia, as we have moved to producing in-country, now more of our cost base is in ruble so you can handle swings in the ruble a lot easier than if you were importing all the diapers from Europe or from somewhere else. And so in Russia, for example, there has been some price improvement but not to the extent that you'd see in the ruble devaluation. And so, I think broadly, you'll tend to see pricing changes when you have big swings in currency, when you've got a high level of imported content. And beyond that, if it's mostly local, you won't typically see a lot of price swings at that point just because the commodity costs are maybe offset -- the commodity benefit may be offset by currency weakness.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Want to go back to emerging market growth in KCI, in particular, and of course the trend looked pretty good this quarter, but I'm trying to figure out the trajectory. So last quarter sequentially, I guess, Personal Care at 19% organic or 18%, 19% in '12. Consumer Tissue at 10%, I think now it's about 4% organic or thereabout. So there's a deceleration, and I just want to get a sense of because it didn't look like comps were much different. I want to get a sense of how you think about that in the context of some of the distribution gains you had gotten, I think, in China, which drove some of the 40% growth this quarter. But also in the context of the overall macro environment that we're hearing about in emerging market, so if you have any thoughts about that given this sequential deceleration, I think it'd be helpful.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, and I think we talked about last quarter where it was probably -- the comps are going to get tougher as the year progressed, and so you saw a little bit of that in the second quarter. If you look at our sales on a sequential basis, they were pretty similar in dollar terms and there wasn't a lot of new pricing. And so if you factor out the currency effect, you'd say you had some sequential volume improvement and so even though you had a deceleration on the rate of growth year-over-year, you still would see the size of the business growing broadly. And so you looked at Personal Care volumes in KCI, they were up 12 in the first quarter, they were up 8 in the second quarter. Yes, there are some things that were a little softer. Venezuela was a little softer in the second quarter, partly because of some of the price controls and things that went in caused a little bit of disruption there. But I'd say, broadly, in the big markets like China, Russia, broadly across Latin America, we didn't see much change Q1 to Q2, and the momentum still feels pretty good. And obviously, those comps will get tougher as the year progresses, but we're not seeing a big slowdown across the board yet at this stage.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. Okay, that's helpful. And then in the context of kind of cash conversion or working capital from before, how much of a -- should we expect that the higher level of working capital and that's what we've seen over the past few quarters because of the bigger entry into the emerging markets, this kind of distribution or whatever. Is there kind of just a step-up we should expect or should we expect going back to historical levels of working capital going forward?
Mark A. Buthman: Ali, you mean absolute dollars invested?
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: No. Like I guess, ratio-wise.
Mark A. Buthman: We're at close to -- we're not at the best all-time, but we're under 13% of sales and we think we can continue to improve off of that. Our cash conversion cycle is about 46 days. I'd love to see us closer to 42 and improving beyond that, but we're not planning on significant increments of working capital investment. As our mix of business shifts overseas supply chains get a little longer, but hopefully benefits from lean and better planning activities can offset that. So significant increases is not part of the plan. In fact, we'd like to continue to drive -- we expect to continue to drive improvement.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay, okay. So just the distribution chain in the emerging markets won't drive it too much higher it sounds like. You can get benefit out of...
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, hopefully, our capabilities offset that.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And then last question for me, at least, is around pricing and competition. What are you seeing in the environment? I think you've touched on it briefly in a couple geographies, but broadly, are you seeing any changes? Are you anticipating any changes from your retail discussions? There's a question before about increased trade spend request, doesn't sound like that's happening, but how are you planning for that going forward at all if that were to change?
Thomas J. Falk: I mean, retailers are trying to drive their business overall, so they -- I was walking stores with a major retailer earlier this week, and they're looking for how do you get the right innovation in the store with the right insight on the shopper to drive my category. And so it's not just about an item price discussion with most of our strategic customers. They want to talk about the insights about the shopper and the total relationship that you're trying to build with the consumer. And so that's really where we want to play as well where we're bring innovation, things like the fem wellness category that we launched on Poise; we're getting great support. We want to bring totally new dollars to their category. That's very exciting for them. If you're the fifth guy bringing an idea to them that's already on the shelf, then you wind up having the item price discussion. But where you've got news and real innovation, they get excited about it and want to support you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I have a handful of brief questions. Could you give us market share or at least the direction in China, Russia and Brazil?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I mean, I think broadly, the shares would be up just given our outperformance, but I also would tell you that the market shares there are usually sample data. And so like in Diapers, I think if you looked at our national share, we're probably high-single digits, low-double digit, something like that, but it would be up sequentially. Russia, we're probably in the high 20s, diaper market share, which would be the key one that would be up slightly and Brazil in Diapers, we're probably what, Paul, mid-30s?
Paul J. Alexander: Coming up on that.
Thomas J. Falk: Coming up on that. But again, in most of those markets, we're actually looking at -- as much at category penetration and category growth as much as share in those markets because if we can take a mom who's using 1 diaper a day to using 2 diapers a day, we double our business and that's what's exciting about many of these markets.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I'm just mentioning this in the context of people being very worried about a slowdown in China and a lack of ability for moms to buy diapers, so I just wondered what your huge volume growth, if you think it's share or you think the category really is expanding despite fears.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I think for us it's -- we were in about 70 cities at the end of the year, we're in 80 cities now. So part of it is we're just expanding geographically. We were in the Super Premium tier and we moved into the mainline segment last year. So in the first half, we're getting better comparisons by participating in the broader part of the category and so those are probably 2 bigger factors that ultimately will translate into an improvement in our national share, but it was more of we're participating in more of the category and that's driving our growth at this point in time in China.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Yes, that's great. The second thing is can you -- I don't think you did this. Just give us a sense of how much currency, how much worse currency might be in the back half and for the full year.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I'll let Paul give you the highlights on that.
Paul J. Alexander: Yes, for the full year, Caroline, currency is going to be a drag of about 3% on the top line, and previously, we were expecting about a 2% drag for the year. All of that is coming essentially in the back half.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And it skews to the third quarter, I'm guessing.
Paul J. Alexander: I mean currency rates adjusted pretty late in the second quarter, so yes, we're going to feel it pretty quickly in the third quarter here.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. And at the bottom line, does it tend to have a more significant impact?
Thomas J. Falk: I think we said our commodity inflation was better, about $50 million, and the effect of currency translation and transaction is probably worse, about $50 million. So they roughly offset each other, this time in our guidance for the back half of the year.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. But obviously, higher quality, if it's currency that's eating in there. In your European volume growth which was extraordinary, can you break out how much came from the nonbranded?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I think we said we had high -- we had double-digit growth in branded wipes and high-single digit growth in branded DryNites and Pull-Ups and then had low-single digit growth in branded diapers. And if you look at the private label business in Europe, it's still only about 10% of our overall sales, so we picked up some additional contracts but we had solid growth in our branded portfolio.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And how do you explain that because Europe's been so horrible for most people?
Thomas J. Falk: Well, we've got a strong business in the U.K. and that's doing well. And actually, a lot of the innovation on wipes was pretty strong across Europe. And I was just in Europe a couple of weeks ago with Mark and some of our other leaders. And yes, Southern Europe is tough, but there are other markets. Our KCP business in Germany, for example, is doing quite well. So there are other pockets where it's maybe not as bad as you might read in the newspaper.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: That's great. And then 2 last question is, major launches for the third quarter, you did strive [ph] a couple of ideas you're supporting, and some companies have reported softness in the kind of grocery channel, the more traditional distribution channel and I'm wondering if you're seeing that, like there are certain areas of retail that are particularly weak and others that are strong.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I think you're still seeing growth in e-commerce. You're still seeing growth in a lot of small format retail, so I would not be surprised to see good numbers from dollar stores and drugstores. And then, obviously, the big-box retailers, they'll be reporting their numbers soon. You're going to see those on a monthly basis. So I think in many ways, traditional grocery winds up being the donor for a lot of that growth. So we'll see how that plays out. I mean, a lot of our categories have been shifting for many years out of grocery and into other channels. And I wouldn't say that's accelerating by any stretch, but it's still occurring.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Just the product launches?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, product launches, we've got a lot of things going. We launched some things in the second quarter on Depend and Poise, as well as in our -- under our U by Kotex brand. Those will continue in the back half. Got a lot of activity coming on diaper pants around the world where you'll see that hit in a number of markets. And one of the things I'm excited about is we're getting to our international markets much faster with our innovation, so things like the fem wellness platform will be in multiple markets, and it actually it started in Chile and it is moving to other markets rapidly around the world, including the U.S. So you'll see that show up. Our U by Kotex approach to the fem care category will be in more than 30 markets by the end of next year, so we're getting out with our innovation around the world much faster, which is exciting.
Operator: Our next question comes from Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: If you don't mind coming back to this issue with U.S. pricing for tissue categories, like bath tissue and paper towels. But hopefully from a different angle, what are you seeing with private label as all the data we have access to suggest that retailers may be using these categories as profit centers as opposed to loss leaders? Do you think that retailers have achieved enough stake in these categories in terms of market share as to become supportive of -- is structurally more attractive margin profile for these categories?
Thomas J. Falk: No. I think it's a true statement that many retailers use private label as a more consistent source of margin because it can't be -- it doesn't have to be comparison price or -- some retailers, particularly on things like branded diapers, will want to have the best diaper price in a market. And so as a result, their margin sometimes erodes because of competitive pricing comparisons. They don't feel the same obligation to do that on private label, so it does, in a category management strategy, typically plays a more consistent margin generator. But I also would tell you, talking to many retailers, they want brands that their shoppers want on shelf at a competitive price and at a good value. And so it's just understanding how do we make sure we make our brands and innovation so powerful that moms come in and want to buy us every day, and that's our task as marketers and as brand builders.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Understood, but what I meant, Tom, is whether you think that the floor, the pricing floor for private label is going up, so therefore you are going to see a more -- a structurally more attractive category going forward just simply because of these categories are key for them to manage their own profits are maybe using diapers, for instance, as loss leaders instead?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I think that we haven't seen much of that yet in any of the data. The private label hasn't followed the last diaper increase that the branded players took, and so sometimes it takes 6 months or more for that to take place. We'll see if that happens this time. It hasn't happened yet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital Markets.
Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just 2 quick questions. What's the split between your developed and developing markets business as a percent of total sales these days?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, what we would call developing and emerging markets, which is everything except North America and Europe, is high '30s, Paul, I didn't...
Paul J. Alexander: Yes, it's between 36% and 37%.
Thomas J. Falk: Of our total sales.
Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And then on the increased outlook in the second half, is this coming more from the change in commodities or a pickup in sales growth? And if it's coming from sales growth, why should there be greater momentum in the developed market?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I guess a couple things. We'd say there's a lot of moving parts in the guidance. So we'd say better volume overall was part of it, a lot of that from emerging markets. So we factored in -- we're doing better in emerging markets, but categories are a little weaker in some places in North America. The net of that is about a point better volume growth, and we're on that track so far this year. So 6 months in, we'd expect us to deliver that. So that's part of it. Our cost savings number, we took it up from a range of $150 million to $200 million to be more than $250 million, and so that on average is about a $75 million increase. That's a good chunk of it. And then 2 other factors that kind of offset each other were lower commodity costs and weaker foreign-currency rates. And then the final drag was we've got our share count was slightly higher because we're not buying back as many shares due to the price being higher, and as well as option exercises in the first half caused our diluted share count to go up. So that's about $0.05 a share that was a drag. So this may be more of an analysis than you were looking for, but those are kind of the big factors.
Operator: Our next question comes from John San Marco with Janney Montgomery.
John P. San Marco - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Did you say 10% of Europe Personal Care is private label for you? And then is that number just Personal Care? And I guess the question is are you picking up new contracts in the U.S. as well?
Thomas J. Falk: In Europe, about 10% of our Personal Care sales are private label and in the U.S. we have -- it will be a much smaller number than that, and we have very few private label contracts in Personal Care. We just do a couple of things in training pants and in diapers.
John P. San Marco - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, how does the trade down that you referenced in North America and Personal Care, how does that change your strategy or your way of thinking around private label, particularly in the context of the downtime costs that you had apparently the last couple quarters?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean, in the U.S., the strategy has really been to drive our branded business, so we delivered a product improvement on Huggies mainline in the second quarter. We're starting to see some momentum from that. We've also got product news coming in the back half of the year. We've actually seen some uptick in our Super Premium segment behind some of the launch of diaper pants and other things. So we're really focusing on driving our branded business with innovation across the spectrum, and more of the issue is in the category weakness generally is probably more of the reason for the downtime. And then at the margins, we're seeing growth in some private label, which is mostly coming out of our competitor's share at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: First question is on the Consumer Tissue segment. You mentioned in North America the volumes overall were down 4%, but if you look at the individual components, none of them seem to be down that much. I just didn't know what the disconnect was. and you did breakout the loss and the restructuring as well.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean, probably the biggest one that was down was COTTONELLE year-on-year, which is kind of mid-teens, but a lot of that was promotional timing, whereas Viva was up mid-teens or high teens actually and Scott Towels was actually up a bit more than that. So I think, probably, the bigger size business that drove the downturn was more the comp on COTTONELLE with the year-over-year promotion timing being a big part of that.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Okay. And then looking at the -- you mentioned that the share count probably will be a bit higher despite the increased buyback which, of course, is tied to options. And what I think is interesting, it looks like you've been granting about 2 to 3 million a year in options and yet you ended last year with the amount that were exercisable, sort of at about half what it was at the end of 2010 or 2009. So I guess the question is, with the stock up and people exercising, it looks to me that after this year you might have a very low number of unexercised options. Is that fair? And should we see an increase in grants given the profitability this year?
Thomas J. Falk: I think the other thing is, we're granting a lot fewer options, Chip, than we have in the past. So if you look at the structure and makeup of our long-term incentive program, 75% of the value of grants now goes in performance-based restricted stock. So it would only vest based on performance for our 3-year average sales growth and our 3-year improvement of return on invested capital. And then 25% of that mix is in the form of options, so we're driving it more to pay for performance-based restricted stock and less on options, which we think aligns us better with shareholders over time.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Got you. And then just last, as you look at your -- at the K-C Professional business over the last 3 to, say, 5 months or so, are you seeing any clue as to sort of what you sense is happening on the broader economy based on your customers in that business, maybe within certain segments?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean, I would say I was pleased with the volume performance in the last quarter, so washroom was up a couple of percent and we were up 1% overall. Safety and wipers were a little lower than that. So I think I would say, anecdotally, that talking to distributors, they were more bullish early in the year on the outlook for the U.S. economy than they are today. I just think that's natural given all the things that have happened since the first of the year that, I think, everyone's outlook for growth in the U.S. has slowed a little bit and so you're seeing that. And so at this point, I think they're all still projecting growth but not as much as they were expecting at the beginning of the year.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Got you. And one last quick one, Tom. When you talk to your retailing customers, as we see several players, First Quality, Clearwater and others bring on capacity that's aimed at private label, do you sense that the customers are going to dedicate more shelf space to the tissue categories than they had in the past or are they -- do you think they might be cutting back on some of what they carry in the brands, the more national brands? Or how do you think that's going to shake out?
Thomas J. Falk: Well, if anything, I think it's going the opposite way where we have a lot of retailers that did SKU reduction and probably felt like they went too deep, and ultimately, they want to carry on their shelves the products that their customers want to buy. And so where customers clearly have a strong preference in this country for brands, they want to carry those brands in the right mix at the right value and then find ways to differentiate themselves from how they bring that to life in the shopping experience. And so we're probably doing more shopper research than we've ever done to bring those insights to our customers to be able to talk about the kind of events that we ought to have and how do we make sure we convert the shopper when she's in the store. And so I think just because somebody built a machine doesn't mean that a retailer's going to want to sell more private label. I think it is more about they want to make sure they're hitting the sweet spot of what their shopper wants to buy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a couple of follow-ups. First is on the share repurchase. So you definitely said in the release that you expect the share count to be down year-over-year, but are we talking kind of like a 1% decrease? I mean, is that sort of in the ballpark?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I think that's about right.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And then on the new private label contracts in Europe, I just want to check, you'd mentioned that last quarter as well, so I was wondering if there were new additional contracts this quarter or if this is just a continued benefit of the wins from Q1.
Thomas J. Falk: That's a continued benefit of the wins in Q1.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then on SG&A, so outside of the increase in strategic marketing and R&D, like, I'd estimate maybe year-to-date, other SG&A is up probably $100 million. And so I know, of course, there's a piece of that, that rises with sales, but that also suggests maybe some increase in other sort of admin and selling. So if you could -- if you're willing to talk a little bit about where some of those extra dollars are going, that'd be great.
Thomas J. Falk: We just talked about the incentive comp program. And so a good chunk of it is actually incentive comp increases year-over-year. So as you update your outlook for your next 2 to 3 years, that swings your payout levels for your incentive comp programs. And so that's probably -- if you strip that out of our G&A in the second quarter, you would see an increase that was more like inflation. So I think -- so that's part of it and not an insignificant amount. We're having a better year this year, so it swings those numbers higher, and last year, it was swinging the other way a little bit.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And with that true-up then have sort of been taken care of this quarter, should I think about that also being higher year-over-year for the balance of the year?
Thomas J. Falk: I'd say it will be higher for the full year than 2011, but I don't think it's going to accelerate from here. I think the other place you'd see -- we're investing in K-C International so you'd see a little -- you'd see faster growth in K-C International. You'd see relatively flat G&A profile on the direct front in North America and Europe, which you'd expect.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And then finally, just on adult care, you mentioned kind of globalizing that business. And historically, I remember you talking about one of the challenges with globalizing adult care was it was largely an institutional business outside of the U.S. So [indiscernible] how that's changed just from a big picture standpoint or how your approach to the business has changed so that you're overcoming that kind of structural hurdle?
Thomas J. Falk: Well, it's mostly an institutional business in Europe but it's not in the emerging markets, so just the category hasn't been developed yet. And so we're in the process of changing that. So we've got dedicated resources in numerous markets around the world to launch Depend and Poise and other brands that relate to those and make sure we get that innovation out as quickly as we can.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, perfect. And I guess one other thing would just you mentioned Poise going into sort of the female wellness. Admittedly, it was like if there was a release, I missed it. So if you wouldn't mind just quickly elaborating on what that really means. It sounds like it's a new category almost.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. As we're talking about it, a lot of times women talk about the first conversation that moms have with their daughters as they're entering puberty. And this is the second conversation as women enter menopause and no one has this conversation with them, and yet women all over the world suffer from all kinds of menopausal symptoms. And so this is a line of products that would help deal with that. It could be a cooling wipe, it could be vaginal moisturizers, things like that, that would be sold in that part of the store. We've actually launched it in other markets around the world, and it's been a nice add to the Poise brand and helped fuel our overall Poise brand growth in those markets. And it's really aimed at having that second conversation with our consumer, so that they know that there's a brand out there that's taking care of them.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Schmitz with the Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Was there any change in the tenor of growth throughout the quarter, because you're getting all these data points that things slowed towards the middle to end of June. Do you see that in either North America or globally?
Thomas J. Falk: No, I wouldn't say so. I mean, it was pretty consistent from a top line standpoint throughout the quarter. No big swings anywhere that I would point to.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Got you. And then is there a competitive response to the big diaper initiative that one of your competitors is maybe planning on launching in the back half of the year? Is that going to be a big line? And will you change your sort of promotional activity in response to it?
Thomas J. Falk: I think that we would say, we always want to make sure we're competitive and we -- but we also would say we've got strong innovation plans of our own that we want to make sure we're going to execute against. So you could argue it's their response in response to our Huggies mainline improvement that launched in the second quarter, and so there's lots of things going on back and forth. They're in the middle of radiant launch on fem care. We've got improved U by Kotex products out there, and I'd say when both major brands are innovating, that's good for the consumer, right, and that makes it tougher for private label.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Got you. And then this is sort of like a broader longer-term question. But if you kind of look at your profit growth over the last 4 years, like 280% of that growth has come from the KCI business. So how does that change over the next, call it, 4 years?
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I think the exciting part is that we're getting scale in KCI in lots of markets, and that's just building a franchise for us there that we think will continue to grow for the future. And I think if you talk to our KCI leaders, in many ways, they feel like we're just getting started. I mean, we're still in growth mode in China. We're still in an aggressive growth mode in Russia and Eastern Europe. And I was in Moscow about a month ago, and that team is excited and they're going into all kinds of new geography in Eastern Europe and are really just building businesses from the ground up. And so I do still think there's a lot of room to run in our overall KCI size and scale of that business.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: But the question was more, how do you get the profits up in the U.S. and Europe? Because, like I said, those 2 businesses had declining profits over the last 4 years and if you look at your aggregate profit growth over the last 4, 280% of it came from KCI.
Thomas J. Falk: I'd say, if you looked at Europe in particular, that one's going to be probably more of a stable cash generator for us. I think in North America, we still have pockets of North America that have got decent growth. If you looked at fem care and adult care, those categories are growing nicely and we're seeing good responsiveness, and there are pockets of growth in our Consumer Tissue business. Some of the things that we're doing behind facial tissue as well as moist perineal cleaning and bath tissue, those are growth pockets for us. We've got a good portfolio of growth options in KCP in Health Care that will help in the U.S. market. So we still think there are pockets of growth that we can improve our profitability in North America overtime as well.
Mark A. Buthman: I think, Bill, if you just look at the macro landscape since '09, those geographies have been much slower growing. And particularly in the Diaper categories if you look at birth rates, you see it directly reflect and impact kind of our largest profit contributors. So there is a macro overlay here, but we're doing -- within that, doing all that we can to drive both category growth and profitably.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questioners in conference.
Paul J. Alexander: All right. We'll turn it back to Tom for a closing comment.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, once again, we're pleased with our execution in the first half. We're off to a great start, and our Global Business Plan is delivering the kind of shareholder value that we'd expected. Thanks for your support of Kimberly-Clark.
Paul J. Alexander: Thank you.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul J. Alexander - Vice President of Investor Relations Mark A. Buthman - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Thomas J. Falk - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Alice Beebe Longley - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Linda Bolton-Weiser - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S. John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to introduce today's first speaker, Mr. Paul Alexander.
Paul J. Alexander: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Here with me today in Dallas are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO; and Mike Azbell, Vice President and Controller. Here's the agenda for our call: Mark will begin with a review of our first quarter results; Tom will then provide his perspectives on our results and our full year outlook; and we'll finish as usual with Q&A. As usual, we have a presentation of today's materials in the Investors section of our website. Now before we begin, let me remind you we'll be making forward-looking statements today. There can be no assurance that future events will occur as anticipated or that our results will be as estimated. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a further discussion of forward-looking statements. I'd also like to point out that we will be referring to adjusted results and outlook, both of which exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. For further information on these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP, please see today's news release. And now, I'll turn it over to Mark.
Mark A. Buthman: Thanks, Paul, and good morning. Let's start with the headlines: first, we delivered organic sales growth of 6%. It was highlighted by 13% growth in K-C International; second, we generated strong improvements in both our adjusted gross and operating margins, as well as double-digit growth in adjusted earnings per share; and third, we reinvested significantly behind our brands, with higher levels of strategic marketing and R&D investment.  Now let's cover the details of the quarter. Overall, sales increased 4% to $5.2 billion. Organic sales rose 6%, driven by higher net selling prices of 3%, increased sales volumes of 2% and favorable mix of 1%. On the other hand, lost sales in connection with our pulp and tissue restructuring, as well as changes in foreign currency rates, each reduced sales by 1%.  Moving down to P&L. Adjusted gross margin was 33.2%. That's up 250 basis points year-on-year. The improvement was driven by organic sales growth and $60 million of FORCE cost savings. On an adjusted basis, first quarter operating profit rose 12%, with an operating margin of 14%. That's up 90 basis points compared to the prior year. Between-the-line spending increased versus last year, including a $45 million step-up in strategic marketing to support our product innovations and targeted growth initiatives. Additionally, administrative and research spending increased as we continue to build capabilities to support future growth. First quarter adjusted earnings per share were $1.24 as compared to $1.09 last year. The improvement came despite lower net income from equity companies. And in terms of the tax rate, our adjusted effective rate for the quarter was 29.3%. That was similar to the year-ago quarter. We continue to expect our full year rate to be in the range of 30% to 32%. Cash provided by operations in the first quarter was solid at $585 million. That's up nicely from $250 million in the prior year. The increase was driven by lower pension contributions and higher cash earnings. So our balance sheet and cash generation remain strong, and we continue to allocate our capital in shareholder-friendly ways. In February, we announced our 40th consecutive annual increase in the dividend. The 6% increase should help us maintain our top-tier dividend payout ratio in the CPG space.  In addition, during the first quarter, we repurchased 6.3 million shares of KMB stock at a cost of $460 million. We continue to expect full year share repurchases of $900 million to $1.1 billion. Altogether, full year share repurchases plus dividend payments should total at least $2 billion returned to shareholders for the second consecutive year. Now I'll highlight a few areas from our segment results for the quarter. In Personal Care, organic sales rose 9%, with volumes up 6% and net selling prices advancing 3%. Volume performance benefited from strong growth in K-C International, including double-digit growth in each of our major regions. In addition, our European business delivered broad-based growth in the quarter. The increase in net selling prices was driven by K-C International, as well as our Infant Care and Baby Wipes businesses in North America. I'm encouraged by the price realization in our North American Diaper business, which as you know, is a key focus for us this year. First quarter Personal Care operating margins of 16.9% were 90 basis points below the prior year. Nonetheless, our margins did improve 150 basis points sequentially compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. This bodes well for our expectation that full year 2012 Personal Care margins will be similar to the 2011 full year average. Turning to Consumer Tissue. Organic sales were up more than 2%, net selling prices rose 4% and product mix was favorable by 1 point, while organic volumes fell about 2%. Price realization was excellent in both North America and across K-C International. Consumer Tissue operating margins rose 410 basis points versus last year. And I was really pleased to see that our global tissue teams continue to capture the benefits from our strategies to improve revenue realization and drive cost savings. Moving to K-C Professional & Other. Organic sales were up about 5%. The increase was driven by improved volumes of 3%, higher net selling prices of 2% and slightly favorable mix. Volumes were up high-single digits in K-C International, while North American and European volumes were up low-single digits. Operating margins of 15.7% were up 220 basis points versus last year. That was driven by benefits from sales growth and cost savings. And lastly, our Health Care organic sales were up 4%, driven by volume growth. Medical supply volumes rose mid-single digits, led by growth in exam gloves and surgical products. In addition, medical device volumes advanced low-single digits, with solid growth in our airway management business. Operating margins of 13.1% were in line with last year.  So that wraps up my comments. To recap, we achieved solid organic sales growth that was led by K-C International. We delivered improved margins and earnings per share, and we're reinvesting in the business to support our growth strategies. Now I'll turn it over to Tom.
Thomas J. Falk: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll share my perspectives on our first quarter, and I'll focus in on K-C International and then I'll briefly recap our outlook for the year.  So let's start with the first quarter. Our results were very good. We're off to somewhat of a better start to the year than we planned 3 months ago, and that's mostly due to better top line growth in K-C International.  Mark's already reviewed the key financials for the quarter. So let me just add that I'm encouraged by our top line growth, by our gross margin improvement and by the investments we were able to make behind our brands. And then finally, we had a terrific bottom line performance. So we got more work to do and the comparisons will get tougher as the year progresses, but I'm very optimistic about the state of our business coming out of the first quarter. Since K-C International is a key part of our overall growth strategy, I thought it'd be helpful on this call to share some of the details about the actions that we're taking and the results that we're delivering in this business. So first quarter organic sales growth in K-C International was 13%. And that was highlighted by an 18% organic growth in Personal Care. Now some of you may know, this business is now larger than our Personal Care business in North America. So we got scale and we got terrific growth prospects in this business.  We continue to deliver strong results in our key geographic priorities. In China, for example, organic sales grew more than 45% in the first quarter. And Huggies diapers have now expanded into nearly 80 cities, and we're in the process of launching a new diaper-pant in this market. In Russia, our organic Personal Care sales are up about 25%, and that included benefits from the Huggies diaper upgrade we began supporting in the first quarter.  In Latin America, our organic sales increased by nearly 25%, and that included 20% growth in Brazil where we're launching Intimates Explosion, which is a premium feminine care line extension that's very similar to the U by Kotex launch that we've had going in the U.S.  From a product standpoint, we continue to drive strong growth in our biggest Personal Care businesses in K-C International. In fact, in the first quarter, organic sales were up 20% at infant care and more than 10% in feminine care.  But I think it's also important to note that we're making good progress with some of our smaller investment businesses in K-C International. For example, we had organic sales in adult care, grew 25% in the quarter. And baby wipes were up about 20% in the quarter. In the past, these 2 businesses were largely North American. And now, we're starting to make them truly global, and we're leveraging our strong brands, the favorable demographic trends and the investments that we've made behind these areas over time. If you look elsewhere in KCI, we saw good growth in our K-C Professional business in the emerging markets. In first quarter, organic sales for KCP increased 10% within KCI, and that included 20% growth in Latin America. And so we expect KCP's momentum in emerging markets to continue as we make strategic investments where you see industrialization and economic development occur. And lastly, our Consumer Tissue business in K-C International continues to drive revenue realization, improved mix and cost savings. Our teams delivered a solid step-up in margins in the first quarter, and that further built on the progress that they made in 2011. So that's just a little bit of a deep dive into our K-C International business. Overall, our strategies are working, our categories are healthy and we continue to be very optimistic about our prospects for this business.  Now before turning to the outlook, let me just touch briefly on our market positions in the U.S. While the U.S. market is very competitive, we're in solid shape, overall, from a share standpoint. Our market shares are up or even with the year-ago period in 5 of our 8 consumer categories. And that's true in 7 of 8 if you look at it sequentially compared to last quarter. So our businesses in the U.S. remain fundamentally strong, and we've got more innovation coming to further improve the health of our brands. So now let's look -- move to the outlook. Regarding the global economy, our views are similar to or perhaps slightly better than what we talked to you about in January. We continue to expect that conditions will remain healthy in emerging markets overall, and we're not seeing any slowdown in our categories at this point.  In Venezuela, where we had a solid first quarter, results are likely to soften a little bit going forward, given the price controls that recently have gone into effect. In the U.S., the economic environment seems to be improving rather modestly. As a result, we aren't planning for a big pickup in market demand in the near term, and we expect the baby and child care categories to remain soft. And finally, in Europe, we expect the marketplace to remain challenging, although through the first quarter, our European team is off to a solid start on executing its 2012 plan. So in this environment, we'll continue to pursue our targeted growth initiatives. We'll leverage our strong brands and we'll continue to bring innovation to the marketplace. In K-C International, we'll continue to expand diaper-pants, premium fem care and adult care offerings into more markets. In North America, we have several launches currently underway or that will happen in the near term, and that includes our Super Premium Depend Briefs, the latest fashion execution on Huggies diapers, new U by Kotex products, some health care pain management offerings and several new K-C Professional innovations. To support our brands and growth initiatives, we'll continue to increase strategic marketing and research and development spending at a faster rate than sales will grow this year. Now we mentioned in this morning's news release, we reconfirmed our key planning assumptions from January. In terms of cost inflation, our total expectation for the year is unchanged. Although most oil-based costs are tracking a little higher than we expected, that will be likely offset by somewhat more favorable pulp costs. Nonetheless, most commodity costs are expected to rise sequentially from first quarter levels, so we'll continue to focus on cost savings and revenue realization strategies. In short, we're executing the plan we laid out 3 months ago. And we're continuing to target full year adjusted earnings in the range of $5 to $5.15 per share.  So to summarize, our first quarter performance was encouraging. We're well-positioned to deliver on our full year 2012 plan, and we remain convinced that our Global Business Plan will continue to drive improved shareholder value.  So that wraps up our prepared remarks, and now we'll be happy to begin to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: A few questions. It was actually helpful that you spent some time on the KCI business, and then particularly in Personal Care, wanted to get a sense from you guys of how much of the growth is distribution growth or driven by distributive gain versus sort of same-store sales. Because that will tell us a little bit about the sustainability of that growth rate. And I guess a subpart of that question is just around the margin impact of that growth in the emerging markets. I know it used to be that your margins there were pretty darn close to the developed world, so love to get a sense of that as well, please.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, good questions. I'd say -- we would say we took share in most of the emerging markets at the kind of growth levels that we saw. In a market like Latin America, for example, where we're up 25% in Personal Care, I mean, we've gotten most of the distribution in place that we need there. So there's some places in Brazil that we're expanding. In the Northeast, that's sort of new territory for us. But other than that, we're pretty fully penetrated. Russia, we've got great distribution in and around the Moscow region, but we're expanding more to the East and into the balance of the country. But we also would say we had some share gains behind innovation there. China was the one that was -- is a big number. And I think we went from, I think, 72 cities at the end of last year to 80 cities now. So part of it is distribution-related. But we also have moved into Tier 3. So we're expanding our offering, and we're just in the process of launching diaper-pants. So there's probably a little bit of pipeline fill there. So yes, some share growth, but a lot of innovation and some distribution expansion. And it's tough to break those down, but I'd say, probably in China in particular, was more -- we were expanding into new categories and new markets, and Latin America was probably more of share growth.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So just -- before I get to the follow-up on the margins part. So if you were to say kind of the Personal Care business, 19%, I think, is the organic growth number, you think 2/3 same-store sales-ish, 1/3 distribution gain, is that a fair gut check?
Thomas J. Falk: I'd be guessing. I would say it doesn't sound wildly out of bounds, but we don't have good data to really track it at that level of detail.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. Okay, and then I had a second part of that question...
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, on the margin front, we saw some good margin improvement from KCP as well. So we saw double-digit profit growth in many of these markets as well. So good cost savings performance, good price realization, probably nearly half of the price realization in dollar terms from a total corporate standpoint was in K-C International. So yes, no, they're off to a good start this year on top line and bottom line.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. Switching gears a little bit to free cash flow. And I've asked this question before, but I just want to continue to get comfortable, maybe I'm just too old fashioned about this stuff, but your free cash flow is again less than the dividend and stock repurchase or basically the payment to shareholders. I'm just trying to get a sense of how I can feel comfortable with that, especially when you're not getting -- we're not being hit as much by restructuring charges turning to cash. So how should we feel about that?
Thomas J. Falk: Okay. I'll let Mark talk to that one.
Mark A. Buthman: Ali, we look at it on an annual basis. So our cash flow isn't going to be consistent. It'll -- our operating cash flow will grow over the year. We knew we were going to come out of the gate strong with share repurchases. We were out of the market in the fourth quarter, so we wanted to start strong. We've got about half of the low end of our share repurchases in the bank already in the first quarter. Built a little bit of debt, but that'll come down as the year progresses. For the full year, I think you'll see probably $3 billion of operating cash flow, with about 1/3 going to capital spending, 1/3 going to dividends and 1/3 going to share repurchases. So for the full year, we're not looking to increase significantly our debt. To back up strategically over the last 10 years, I think in '07 and then last year, we made a choice to increase our debt. But other than that, we're funding share repurchases. And our goal is to fund them out of available operating cash flow.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And then just my last question, if you would, is around the increased marketing spend, $45 million this quarter, for example. Can you give us a sense of how you prioritize that? So I guess what I'm getting at is, how much of that is spent in the emerging markets to grow the brand, to grow education, et cetera, versus new innovations in the U.S. versus competing in Western Europe? Because it looked like it was somewhat competitive. How do you break that up? I know you mentioned your innovation and other projects, but how do you prioritize that spend?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, each of our teams around the world, we really own the P&Ls on a geographic basis. So they'd put together a plan. They'd work with our global brand teams to make sure that we're resourcing the plan in the right way, and that we're looking at the relative ROI in each of these markets and the opportunity there. We have a series of global planning sessions where we work through and say, "Yes, this one makes sense, this one, you need to go do a little bit more work" and rinse through that as just part of our ongoing business planning process. And so, as you can imagine, it's a mixture of some center view of the market and some local view of the opportunity. And those usually come together in a business plan that then we go execute.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So no, so I understand the process, but when you roll it all up, obviously, you kind of look through and say, "Are we tackling the right stuff?" So again, how much of that can you tell? Or do you not maybe do this in the end, these emerging markets versus developed world versus defending those kind of buckets?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, we do, do it at that level, but there isn't a big calculator at corporate that's got that level of scientific view. So you look at China and say the opportunity is huge. And so the question is, how can we go even faster? Then you know that -- you don't look at a 1-year payback and compare that around the world. It's what's your relative competitive position, what's the strength of your innovation, what's it going to take to communicate that message to the consumer. And you look at those opportunities and decide which of the opportunity set that you have balances against your strategy and attack those.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Beebe Longley - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Can you comment on why you're holding to your guidance and what kind of deceleration your guidance assumes in the second quarter as opposed to the second half. But I mean, you beat so much, and I know that the gross margin, you've already said the gross margin will be up less in the second half than the first. But I think you indicated that the first quarter was an upside surprise to you, too. So why hold to this guidance?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I think -- we're 3 months into the year. So it's relatively early in the plan. There's still lots of things to worry about and lots of competitive activity happening in the marketplace. If you look at the earnings beat, $0.03 of it was really related to a little lower effective rate. That was in our guidance for the full year. It's just that the individual settlement happened in the first quarter. So if you looked at it from that standpoint, on a normalized tax rate, we're not that far ahead of what we said. And so I still think it's the right level of guidance. If we're sitting here 3 months from now and things -- the momentum continues, we'll take another look at that and give you an update at that point.
Alice Beebe Longley - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: You just cited -- or said that there was a lot of competitive activity out there. Could you tell us which category and which region you think competition will be heating up?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. Well, sure, I mean, in fem care, P&G has got a major relaunch coming in the U.S. In diapers, they've got a relaunch coming midyear, and they've got a big Olympic program in the third quarter. They're going to drive that globally. So yes, there's plenty of stuff to react to, and we are off to a good start. We're encouraged by that. We're certainly going to keep -- I mean, my goal, Alice, is to deliver terrific results and not necessarily be the most accurate forecaster that you've ever had.
Alice Beebe Longley - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. And then my last question is, to circle back to the emerging regions, what percentage of your revenues in emerging regions comes from baby care, roughly?
Thomas J. Falk: Paul, have you got the split of that?
Paul J. Alexander: Yes, we don't break out precisely, but if you added up infant care and child care, it would be at least half.
Operator: Our next question comes from Caroline Levy with the CLSA.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Incredible acceleration in growth, fourth to the first quarter. I'm just sort of looking at my notes from K-C International, and the fourth quarter was only up 7. And so again, just trying to get behind what Alice was getting at, do you think this was an anomaly, this kind of 19% growth in those markets? And then also just to understand, because I think Europe was very, very soft in the fourth quarter, so can you tell us what programs are working to turn that around? And I think price was down 5% in Europe, but your volume growth of 11 more than offset that. So just helping us understand if any of this is one-off and why it wouldn't be sustainable.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, sure. No, I think the first quarter is probably a little easier comp for us. So we're -- the growth rate looked a little bit better from that standpoint. But we had a little lighter first quarter last year. So that's probably part of it. I'd say in emerging markets, the momentum has been pretty good. And so we're seeing that continue and even accelerate a bit. We've got more investment behind it, more innovation happening in the first quarter than we had in the fourth quarter. And we'd expect that pace to continue as the year rolls out. It's also encouraging to see some of our investment businesses like adult care and baby wipes that really have been predominantly North American businesses. We're investing in those. We're putting the right resources behind them. And we're seeing those really start to take off in emerging markets. And I think we're still very early days on that front. And in Europe, what we're seeing right now is it's a very competitive market and Tesco's had some challenges in their home market in the U.K. They're wanting to promote and drive foot traffic heavily. That's part of what helped our business in the diaper side, in particular, in the first quarter. Tissue is a little soft in Europe. And as we were trying to take a little bit of price increase and the category wasn't moving. So we lost a little bit of momentum on Andrex in the first quarter but are looking to get that back. Southern Europe, particularly Italy, you've got retailers advertising private label pricing right now and really talking about the economic crisis and how consumers have to be cautious. So there's a lot more promotion spending in the marketplace. And that's showing up in some of the negative price. And we're getting some positive volume lift from that, which is good. But it comes at a cost.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Right. And you mentioned your non-branded business in Europe. Do you supply some of that private label?
Thomas J. Falk: We have some. A small amount of our sales -- less than 10% of our sales in Europe is private label. And we picked up a couple of additional contracts, and you saw that in some of the volume numbers in the quarter. But not a big factor in our overall effort at this stage.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: So the bigger question for me, just taking a longer-term view, is the birthrate declines in U.S. and Europe. And is there any chance that you see that the volume actually picks up in these markets without the birthrate recovering?
Thomas J. Falk: I think that if the birthrate doesn't recover, I think that'll be tough because consumers are pretty much using 5 diapers a day. And if they don't have babies being born, that's going to fall off. I think as we look at the U.S. birthrate, at least, and look at some of the underlying causals being employment rate, household formation, you're even seeing it in some of the housing data that's starting to emerge, there are some reasons to believe that the birthrate will turn from being slightly negative to slightly positive later this year. The category in the U.S. will still be down a couple of percent just because of the fact that over the last several years, the birthrate's been down. And so as those children are still in diapers this year, we won't have the benefit of their participation in the category. But we would think, going forward, the birthrate starts to turn neutral or slightly positive. Again, the big growth story is going to be K-C International, where the category penetration is quite low and there's a big opportunity there as the category builds out.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Absolutely. Just a last question, in the U.S., did you gain share then in all of your major categories this quarter?
Thomas J. Falk: We were up in 5 out of 8 -- up or flat in 5 out of 8 year-over-year. And if you look sequentially, we were up or flat in 7 out of 8. And so in diapers in particular, we were relatively flat sequentially and year-over-year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Schmitz with the Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So the first question is, who thought it was a good idea to name a fem care product Explosion?
Thomas J. Falk: Bill, they don't let accountants like me name anything. We have a whole army of marketing people that do a fantastic job of that. And I'm sure in Portuguese, it's a fantastic expression that consumers love.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Was there any help from the leap year this year in the quarter?
Thomas J. Falk: No, not that I know of. Somebody pointed that out to me, and I said, "Oh, yes, it was leap year this year." I don't know. We probably had an extra shipping day somewhere, but I don't think that was a big enough factor to drive anything significant.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just a last one, on the Personal Care business, is there any way to sort of disaggregate the margin softness between just a mix shift both between emerging markets and U.S. markets, and the slowdown in training pants and then just commodity inflation? So is there just like a rough metric to kind of see what's driving that margin contraction?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, although you look at it sequentially, and the margin was up nicely. And so a good chunk of the sequential improvement was price realization, particularly in North America. And a good chunk of the commodity cost, the oil-based inflation, did hit Personal Care, a good -- a fair amount of that in emerging markets. So they were able to get price to offset some of that so...
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So I mean it's not -- it doesn't sound like it's that material, the geographic mix shift and then the training pants mix shift?
Thomas J. Falk: No, I would say there was very modest, if any, impact from a geographic mix shift.
Mark A. Buthman: Yes, commodities was the big factor.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. Commodities and price realization were the big factors.
Paul J. Alexander: Yes. In fact, though, our margins in K-C International were up significantly year-over-year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill (sic) [Gail] Glazerman with UBS.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Sticking on International for a second, it looked like K-C International tissue volumes, even excluding restructuring, were pretty weak. Is there anything one-off there? Is there something that we should be like looking at or thinking about?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, what you saw there was positive price, really positive mix and negative volume. And part of that is how we count unit volume. So as we de-sheet and put shelfs, is one way we get price. We show that as positive price and negative volume. And so we've been driving that business to drive mix shift and sell more premium products and move from one-ply commodity to two-ply premium around the world. And you really saw that come through with the numbers. So it really sort of belies the progress we're making in terms of consumer share by those statistics. But we've been doing it that way from a -- consistently. And so we just try to be transparent on what's actually happening.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great. And kind of sticking on demand and volumes, you mentioned in the release seeing some improvement in your washroom business in North America. Can you give a little bit more color? And was that trend consistent through the quarter, getting stronger or weaker as you exited the quarter?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean, I think KCP usually starts out a little slow just because some distributors will take a little bit more inventory before the end of the year just so they've got -- to tide them over. And so -- but I'd say things have been picking up throughout the quarter. And we had some distributors in recently and they were pretty bullish on their outlook this year in the U.S. market. So they were talking about high single-digit, low double-digit growth, pretty broad geographic distribution in the U.S. You're starting to see it in office buildings and lodging, and some of the occupancy rates are ticking up a bit. I'd say manufacturing is an area that's been a little slow that's starting to pick up as you're seeing more employment there, but still some room to go there. And we've had some innovation that we're out talking about as well. So part of it has been positive as we're out talking about a healthy workplace and with some new dispenser programs and things like that in that market. So we're feeling pretty good about KCP.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then just a couple of quick questions on inflation. Can you give a sense of what you're looking at for natural gas? I guess it was $3.00 to $3.50 last quarter, and I'm assuming that's changed.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean, our outlook for it is in the, what, $2.00 and change -- $2.25. And we're partly hedged. As you know, we were probably 60% hedged last quarter. And we've got hedges in place on a rolling basis for the next several quarters. So we don't get the full benefit of that. But for every full dollar per MMBTU that gas changes, it's about $16 million in operating profit in North America, and -- just from a rule of thumb standpoint.
Mark A. Buthman: Before any impact from hedging.
Thomas J. Falk: Right, before hedging. Just on a raw number.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And I guess your real inflation was coming from kind of other raw materials. Can you talk about kind of -- I know you said you expect inflation to be up sequentially, but just what that trend was. Is that just recognizing increases through the quarter and things have stabilized? Or are you still seeing inputs within that category still rising?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean, most of the ROI [ph] stuff is polymer. And you're seeing it in some of the shortages of things that are popping up. You saw it in the gasoline market in the first quarter, and it's just been real volatile. And I think if you look at a lot of the resin pricing that we buy, that's probably been the biggest single driver and expect that to tick up a bit in the second quarter. Pulp is expected to move up. We've seen a couple of moves already. That'll probably be the biggest dollar impact on some of the sequential changes. And there's a question, will -- there's some expected pulp capacity in Brazil that's supposed to start up later this year. Whether or not that happens is still, I think, weighing on the market.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. But pulp, I mean, we're starting to see Asia kind of roll off right now. There's certainly a lot of the capacity coming on over a 6-month period starting later this year. Reports indicate that discounts are up. I mean, your forecast continues to be even, though it's down significantly, above where we are year to date. I mean, is there really anything you're seeing in terms of securing supply that...
Thomas J. Falk: Well, we saw -- we've seen eucalyptus price went up, I think it was $70 a ton in the market last month, and they're talking about another price increase coming up in May or June. So there is some upward movement on pulp price. On the other hand, we'd say secondary fiber price has been a little softer than we expected. So we'll see. A lot of it depends on Asian buying and what happens there. And if the Chinese are not in the market, you could see a little sloppier pulp market in the second quarter. We'll see.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Gere with RBC Capital Markets.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I guess just talking about the diaper business in the U.S., and last quarter, we saw a lot more promotional spending out there and it didn't really kind of drop to volumes. I guess, can you just put a little color around what you saw the last 3 months on the competitive side, even from -- on the retail side as well? I know the trends don't look all that great, but I'm just wondering if this kind of came in line with your expectation. And do you see more the focus on price realization going forward as opposed to a little bit more price investment coming back as we saw in the fourth quarter?
Thomas J. Falk: As we talked on the last call, some of the activity in the fourth quarter, we believe was related to our launch of Diaper-Pants and our competitors were responding to protect, as they would typically do, in a major launch situation, as we would do if it was the other way around. And so some of that rolled off. And in the first quarter, we were pleased to see where we got really no price realization in North America in the fourth quarter, we had a couple of points of price realization in the first quarter. So that's a positive sign. The price increase appears to be in place across all the major retail channels in North America. There's still a fair amount of promotional activity out there, but it is a reduced rate from where it was in the fourth quarter. So we feel pretty optimistic about how it moves from here. And there's lots -- we got innovative products in the marketplace with our mainline Huggies. We got more innovation coming, so does P&G. So -- but the good news for CEO mom is that there'll be lots of news in the diaper category over the next couple of quarters, and then that makes it that much more challenging for private label and others in the category.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then what about training pants? I mean, that seems to be one of those categories that's kind of taken the hit over the last couple of years. How do you re-engage the consumer? I know we're probably not there yet. We have to wait until birthrates go up. But how do you kind of manage that business right now? And what do retailers talk to you about the shelf space that you have?
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I mean, it's a terrific category still, and it's a very good category for the retailer. Now the reality of it is, we have 3 years of a declining birthrate that totaled close to 8% decline in live births in the U.S. That's essentially piled up in the training pant category, because that's about where toilet training occurs, is around age between 2.5 and 3.5. And so we've gotten good visibility on that with our retail customers. We're driving lots of innovation. We're launching some new products around that space. We got a terrific GoodNites business that's in that space in the aisle. We're launching a new GoodNites bed mat that'll be out there for overnight use for children in that space. And so I think while everybody would like it to grow faster, they also understand the reality of what's happened in the demographics for the near term.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just on Consumer Tissue with the U.S., just given where pulp prices have been, have you seen any changes from your competitors out there in terms of trying to take down price or get a little bit more promotional there?
Thomas J. Falk: Not really. I mean, I think the pricing has gone in, and the -- as high as pulp got, we never really even fully recovered the highest level of pulp price in the finished product selling prices. And so I think there's a sense that we're still probably behind from where we were. So I think so far, again, that market has been relatively rational as well in the near term.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just the last question was a clarification. I think, Mark, you were talking about the Personal Care margins. Did you say they were going to be equal to kind of 2011 levels?
Mark A. Buthman: Equal to 2011 full year.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Full year. So you're talking just -- so it would be a slight decline from where you ended the first quarter, which I think you were...
Thomas J. Falk: I'd say ballpark, we were around 17 for the full year. I would think we'll be around 17 as the right target for 2012. We would say we're in that ballpark.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays Capital.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just wanted to follow up on Jason's pricing questions, actually. So pricing in U.S. facial tissues number [ph] in Q4 private label kind of hasn't come around. Are they near that now there, so pricing's in line in that category?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean, I think so. I'm not -- we took price in facial tissue through sheet count change. And so it is kind of a complicated question. So I'm not sure you'd see it at every account, but we have seen it in some accounts.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then the other piece also following up from Q4 was the pack count change in diapers in North America I think hurt volumes. And you'd expected kind of the household, like the pantry inventories to recover in Q1. So was that a little bit of a benefit? Because the volumes sequentially in North America -- it sounded like Personal Care's were a little bit better.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, that's probably right. We talked about that in the last call where we had -- we took the full hit of the pantry low. And we usually don't even see that much of the pantry destocking effect of lower count. And so probably our volume was more reflective of what's actually happening in the category in the first quarter.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Or is it better maybe to look at sort of an average of Q4 and Q1, or not really? It really is more Q1, you think, is reflective of category.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I would think that most of the pantry and retailer ordering pattern stuff should be flushed through by now.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Okay, and then the final thing, which is paper towels, you mentioned distribution gains. So was that Viva in particular regaining some distribution or is it Scott?
Thomas J. Falk: A little bit of both. Actually both brands had a pretty solid first quarter. So that was encouraging to see.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And what do you think is driving it? Because I feel like Viva -- there was, when you go back, it was a bit like you guys were pushing on the revenue realization, this great high-margin, high-priced product you have at the time when, unfortunately, consumers were going other direction. So do you think regaining shelf space there is any sign of kind of confidence on the retailers?
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I think shelf space, I think, as you know, many of the retailers, some large ones in particular, had gone to a much more streamlined shelf set. I think much of that has been rolled back as the consumers wanted to have a bit more selection. We've had a terrific creative campaign with Mike Rowe behind Viva, and that's really resonated well and driven a lot of interest in the brand. We've had some innovation in news as well and that -- all of the collection of that has led to better volume and results.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then my final question was just on K-C Professional, because you did mention on -- that growing in international was a big focus. So about, to the degree you can talk about it, like ballpark, how big or small is that business today? How do you really go about expanding that business? Is it kind of the high-margin very big-city-focused? And how much do you expect that to play into the growth story over the next couple of years for that business?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean, we're already in a lot of markets already. But I'd say if you looked at Russia, China, would be -- and maybe India, would be the new growth platforms over time that we'd be looking at, where we're maybe not as well represented. Latin America, we've got a pretty good-size business, but we're really putting more dedicated resource against it and driving it. I don't know, Paul, if you've got a geographic split of that in terms of emerging markets versus developed markets but...
Paul J. Alexander: Yes, Lauren, if you look at total K-C Professional, about 25% to 30% is in KCI.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, and so that would compare to 37% of the total company. So it's a little underweight. And on Health Care, it would be even more underweight. So that just gives you some sort of perspective on it.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And the bulk of it sounds like, then, is in Latin America at this point.
Thomas J. Falk: Latin America will be the biggest piece, reflecting the strong footprint we have in Latin America. We've got a lot more tissue in Latin America and that tends to be a good host to get some of our KCP business started. But we've got a terrific lineup of safety products and wipers that we're taking to global manufacturers around the world. So we can go to Ford or we can go to any other big company and say, "We can give you the exact same wiper solution to drive a consistent manufacturing process in every one of your facilities around the world." There is really no other company in this space that can do that today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wendy Nicholson with Citi Research.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I have a couple quick ones. First of all, the $45 million in incremental marketing spending, can you break that out international versus U.S.?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, if you look at -- let me see if I've got that here handy.
Mark A. Buthman: It was roughly about 1/3 in KCI and another...
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, it's pretty proportional to the size of the business. So you'd say, KCI got at least its fair share and probably Personal Care was a little heavier than tissue, which would reflect the launch of innovation, both in North America and in emerging markets.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Okay, and then the 1% hit on the top line from the lost sales, the -- whatever product line exits you're doing, is there any way to quantify the impact on the tissue margins that came from that initiative specifically as opposed to commodity prices or other things?
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I think the total cost savings from all of our restructuring in the quarter was about $5 million. And so within that, I think some of the advantage of that would be reflected. So not big. And it was about a 1-point drag overall for the lost sales.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, fine. And then my last question -- and I don't mean to sort of beat a dead horse here, but just going back to the diaper market in the U.S. and looking at sort of the pricing trends and the market share trends, and that's the only category where it seems that fairly consistently, but particularly here in the first quarter 2012, private label is gaining, I think, 200 basis points of market share. And so I'm wondering if the spending that you're doing, the innovations you're trying to bring to market -- I mean, I look at Procter's shares and even with Dry Max and hey, it was poorly executed, whatever. But all the innovation that both of you guys are bringing to the market, both of your shares are still way off their peak, and yet private label is way up. So is there...
Thomas J. Falk: I think you might be looking at 3-outlet data, because if we look at all outlet data, I'd say private label shares were down 1.1 points sequentially and they're down 6/10 of a point year-over-year in infant care, and this would be diapers.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And that may do it, because I'm just looking at the Nielsen data. So if a -- data is different in Wal-Mart, that's good to know.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, that would reflect Wal-Mart, club, dollar, which wouldn't be all in your database. And so...
Mark A. Buthman: This category in particular is far over-indexed to non-measured outlets.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I think probably the Nielsen database may only be 1/3 or less of the total category.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So the risk of any price pullback or anything like that or increased promotional spending on the diaper business, not in the future for you.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I think we would like to. We watch the relative price gaps versus private label. Usually, there's about a 6-month lag between when price goes in on branded products and when private label pricing takes place. So that's something that we will be watching to see what happens in the second quarter, if there is a price movement in private label or not. And so -- but I think, it looks like at this point, across the branded players, the price increase has gone in across all of the major retail outlets.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Ferrara with Bank of America.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I wanted to go back, just to make sure I understand, on the EM Personal Care discussion. It sounds like you're suggesting that, that level of growth in Personal Care in KCI is sustainable. Am I getting that right?
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I mean, I'll tell you, it was a very good quarter. So it's been above where we've been. But I also think we've got an aggressive plan put together. And it was a little ahead of plan, but it wasn't a lot ahead of our expectation.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great, that's helpful. And then I guess the marketing spending, I was wondering if you could try to just break out a little bit the cadence or the pace of what the year-on-year incremental investment's going to look like, and if you can layer that into what the innovation pace looks like. Because I understand that Q1 has been a big innovation quarter. That's obviously going to continue through the year. But how do we think about the year-on-year change in marketing as we go through?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, if I look at that strategic A&P relative to sales, we -- if you go back to like 2010, we were at a higher rate than we were in 2011. And if you look at our first quarter numbers, we're kind of coming back up close to those 2010 levels. And so I'd say that's probably the right -- more medium-term aspiration is how do we get back on the trend line to have a P&L where we're delivering innovative margin accretive growth and are able to reinvest in strategic A&P to build brands around the world. And so I'd expect to see, as we said on our January call, a faster level of growth in A&P this year than sales growth. And the first quarter was certainly representative of that. But you will have a pretty strong first half spend rate, and then we'll see how things progress in the second half and give you a better look at that in July.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And one last one, I actually caught a piece of your interview on CNBC this morning. And I know you mentioned it a little in the presentation here, but you sounded reasonably optimistic about the channel. And I think you might have said something to the order of sales got better over the last month or the retailers looked more optimistic over the last month. Can you -- did you say that?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, they were asking about the U.S. economy, and we've been with some KCP distributors recently that were North American-based. And these are folks that would sell to medium-size businesses, would be in the lodging, office supply, even some manufacturing space. And these are some of our best customers. So these are folks that are really doing great things. And they're expecting high single-digit, double-digit growth, had a solid start to the year. And so they were more optimistic. I think, the question was related to, "Are you concerned about the U.S. economy?" And certainly, there's plenty of things to worry about. But there's also some signs of growth that are happening here.
Operator: Our next question comes from Linda Bolton-Weiser with Caris & Company.
Linda Bolton-Weiser - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: I know you had said something earlier in your comments about Venezuela, and I didn't quite catch what you said. Can you comment again whether you're affected by the price controls there? And also can you remind us what your percentage of revenue and profit is in Venezuela, and just the philosophy about what do you do in this situation? Do you just kind of suffer lower profitability or just what's the philosophy going forward?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, that's great. Venezuela is a very low single-digit percentage of our sales and profits. I think last year, we announced it was 1% of sales and it was 3% of profits. We're in that ballpark kind of range, is our expectation as to where that can be. And price control went in. And we were on the list. We've worked through with our customers and with the government on how that's going to be executed in the marketplace. And our team is in the process of -- or it's in place. It was effective April 1. And so, our primary concern is to make sure that we can serve our consumers and our customers. So we want to make sure moms have diapers and our consumers have fem care products and bath tissue and facial tissue and all the things that they need to take care of their family. And we want to do that in a way that complies with the rules that the Venezuelan government has passed down. So I think we said, in my remarks, that the first quarter was a little bit more positive than we're going to see in the remaining 3 quarters, but it's still going to be a profitable business for us. And it's one that we're managing carefully. Obviously, getting foreign exchange to be able to pay the bills for imported raw materials and for imported finished product is key, and that supply of foreign exchange has been uneven at times. And so that'll be a key to our back half plan so that we can continue to operate the business successfully.
Operator: Our next question will come from Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital Markets.
Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just to follow up on Venezuela, what is the average price decline you have to absorb? And how strictly do you think the authorities are going to enforce the regulations?
Thomas J. Falk: I think the price change varied by category. In some cases, it was double digits. In some cases, it was less than that. And I think, like anywhere else we operate, Connie, I mean, our goal is to fully comply with whatever the rules are in the country. And if we can't operate there and make money, then we'll re-evaluate why we're there. But we want to make sure that we're complying. We assume that the government will put compliance measures in place. But I think our goal is to make sure we're in compliance. And then we'll let somebody else worry about if they can get away with playing games with the price list.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Faucher with JPMorgan Chase.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So 2 questions here. The first is, if I look at your raw material guidance, it's dollar-based as opposed to unit-based. So the volume appears to be coming in better. You seem to be relatively optimistic. Can we read into it that better volumes with the same level of cost inflation implies a little bit more gross margin upside? So that's the first question. And then the second, just to sort of follow up on Wendy's question, which is it seems as though the diaper business in particular is better suited to this channel fragmentation, particularly in terms of online. So I guess as we look at something like diapers.com, which has a lower level of private label presence, should we expect the branded competitors to take more share as the business moves to that channel? And then secondly, it would seem as though if you don't get the consumer before she buys her first set of diapers, you run the risk of losing her because you have fewer opportunities to switch her brand preference. And I -- so is -- I guess I'm looking for some thoughts you have in terms of that channel dynamic.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, that's great. Yes, on your first question, I'd say our growth isn't that much higher in our outlook than planned, and I think we'd attribute the same level of overall inflation assumption to a significant change in margin. I mean, it probably would be 10 basis points or less kind of thing. So broadly, I'd say we're a little bit ahead of volume. That should give us some leverage on the operating side. Obviously, if you're putting more high-cost materials through, you'd have potentially more inflation. But our inflation guidance for the year was plus or minus $50 million. So we're pretty close to a neutral cost perspective from a inflation standpoint. So I don't see a big gross margin impact relative to inflation materials related to our higher volume. So on that side. On the second question, on the channel fragmentation issue and the growth of e-commerce, and clearly, I mean, point-of-market entry is a key strategic entry point for the category. So we want to own that in every channel. And then, obviously, the subscription services for moms that are on diapers.com and Amazon and others, you absolutely want to be a part of that. You want to -- that's from a marketing standpoint. A key strategy is to make sure you have the consumer signed up and you make it just an easy choice for her to want to buy your brand. And so we're making sure we're focused on that and getting at least our fair share of consumers in that space. And we're putting more resources against e-commerce, both with our pure play e-commerce customers, as well as with our bricks-and-mortar retailers that also have e-commerce activities to make sure we're getting our fair share of that growing channel. I think there's also key events in a consumer's diapering experience around size change, where they'll sometimes will try a competitive product. And so we want to make sure we're relevant and have the right offer in place at those key moments as well.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just to follow up on that, I mean, is that a channel where you'd say the quality of sales goes higher again? Because it seems as though it's going to be less about the discounts and more about sort of being able to leverage your marketing spend. So even if you have to spend more money online to attract her, you'll spend less in terms of price promotion going forward. Is that...
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, absolutely. You want to look at the total ROI of the whole channel, including trade funding. And so I think everybody's looking at it that way and making sure that -- and quite honestly, moms are pretty savvy shoppers. And you're finding more consumers than ever that are taking their smartphone to the store and scanning the bar code and finding out what the price is online relative to in the store. And so there's greater price transparency of that on every category these days including ours.
Operator: Our next question will come from Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: I actually would like to go back to the 3 emerging market, China, Brazil and Russia, that you highlighted. You provided a growth rate in this quarter. Wonder whether you have the growth rate for the fourth quarter. I'm trying to assess this inflection point in growth. And also, if you don't have it, basically, I would like to understand, even if you -- the horizontal growth versus the pipeline field, right? Because it seems like you increased the number of cities in China by 10%. And I understand that this 45% growth includes this pipeline field. But at the same time, you are going to have much greater -- 10% greater points of distribution, theoretically. So that would be the case of China. In the case of Brazil, you are mentioning that you already have an infrastructure, but we also know that there was a wage increase in January. To what extent this wage increase is boosting on the underlying category growth, and that would be an explanation. And also if you can help us understand also Russia. You didn't say how many more distributions cities or distribution points you gained in Russia. I'm just trying to understand, again, what is the new underlying growth in these 3 key emerging markets? If you can help us with that, that would be great.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I can give you a little bit of color about that, Javier, and I'd say the growth in all 3 is going to be a step up from where we were in the fourth quarter. Paul may have more precise data but...
Paul J. Alexander: Yes, I mean, at a minimum, they were all up double digits in the fourth quarter.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. So -- but it's up another gear from that. And if I looked at the 3 of them, I'd say in China it's probably more driven by new distribution, but also going into new segments of the category. So going -- adding a Tier 3 diaper, which is the biggest segment in China, we were really only there in the Super Premium area. We've now gone into the mainline part of the category. So that's -- it's not so much the new cities, it's that we're now swimming in the widest part of the river here. And so we've got more growth from that on top of the new cities, and then adding some innovation like diaper pants. So China is probably more -- we're expanding in other parts of the category and expanding geographically. In Russia, we had a improved -- diaper product improvement going in place. And so that's probably more innovation-driven than new distribution-driven, I would say. And Brazil would probably be a similar story to Russia. We've had some good innovation coming on fem care and diapers. We are expanding into the northeast part of the country, which is more new geography for us. But I think the bigger part of the growth in Brazil is going to come from innovation than from geographic expansion.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: All these initiatives seems to me that they were known, basically, when you provided guidance at the beginning of the year. And it seemed kind of like growth rates to at least double in your largest key markets was surprising to us. So it's just -- I'm just trying to see if there is any other improvement in the underlying growth rate of the market. Because Brazil has been accelerated for a while, China, too. So I wonder whether, in addition to these initiatives that I would imagine you knew about them when you provided guidance, if there is something else happening in the underlying market? Is it that the consumer in -- are emerging markets back after the slowdown in the past 2 quarters?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I think it's probably too early for us to really have enough good data and analytics to give you an accurate answer to that. But I would also say the rise in consumerism across emerging markets has been an ongoing trend. And despite what you might read about it, if China is slowing down from 10% to 8%, that's still a pretty aggressive growth rate. And their incomes are improving. And they're wanting more and more of the types of products that we make and sell in those markets.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Yes, but Brazil decelerated to 1% GDP growth. And China is China, but Brazil, which is larger for you, decelerated to 1% GDP growth in the fourth quarter. That's why the question. Finally, the clarification on -- one clarification on the U.S, and I know that everybody has been asking on this, but -- and it still -- it seem unclear to me. You basically said that your market share in the U.S. is flat. And at the same time, you are growing -- your volume growth is mid- to high-single digits. So does it mean that the category volume are declining 7.5%? Is that what shall we understand it?
Thomas J. Falk: No. Our volume was down mid single digits in the U.S., and we realize price and toss that part of that. And our share, I think, was up 3/10 of a point sequentially, and it was down 2/10 of a point year-over-year by our all-outlet measure. So that was flat [ph] overall.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: But that would be infant care, but you said that child care was down high-single digits.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, the child care, the category, is down, and our volume was down high-single digits. Our shares in child care were up 7/10 sequentially and down a couple of points year-over-year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: I just wanted to ask you about the higher marketing spend. You mentioned the $45 million in the first quarter, and if that's sort of a pace we should annualize to $180 million as being an increase that we should see for the full year.
Thomas J. Falk: I think that would probably be a little higher than expectation. But we'd said it would grow faster than sales. And we want to try to get it back on the trend line that we have been on through the 2010 numbers. We took a little step back in 2011. So you'll see a nice uptick at a faster pace than sales, but maybe not quite to the level of multiplying by 4.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Got you. That's helpful. And are there any special strategies or at least any indications of what you plan to do as we get these 6 or 7 new private label machines starting up later this year, and especially next year, that are largely new people in the industry? And just your thoughts on how you are preparing for that.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, well, I mean, I think we're actually more optimistic about the overall tissue operating rate. I mean, there's been a lot of capacity that's gone out of the market, including our Everett mill is now down. And that was 175,000 tons that's out of the market. We will be taking some capacity out of Chester. Some of the other competitors have done so as well. So we actually have seen the tissue operating rate be pretty high, in the high 80s, low 90s, and would expect that to continue for a while. And as we see the continued growth in the category, as the ability to absorb a couple of new tissue machines a year, and we haven't had that for a while. So we're not as concerned about it. I think we've got a -- in COTTONELLE, we've got a differentiated branded offering with a good innovation plan. And it's a lot tougher to make a product like that, even as you bring on new thru-air dry capacity, than you'd think. Scott Tissue is also a differentiated sheet with a unique position, and strong, loyal brand following. And so we believe that one's well-positioned as well. So we've got good strategies in place to continue to execute our plan and focus on driving that for the benefit of our consumers and our customers.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Got you. And just 2 quick additional follow-ons, Tom. If you could -- I know that the Everett closure was quite substantial, like a couple of hundred thousand tons. Close to that. Can you give us a feel for how much more it will be coming out, just order of magnitude in tons in Chester. And then switching gears, you noted in the slides that your volumes in diapers in China were up 45%. I believe that must be a year-over-year number, which is phenomenal. And could you talk a little bit about how much of that was the market and how much of that could have been market share?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. On the first question, we'll probably take one machine out of Chester, and it'll be a smaller number by far than what was done at Everett. So you can probably get the ballpark on that. In China, we talked about that a couple of times on the call, where, I mean, I'd say, a good chunk of it was us expanding into new segments of the category, going into the more mainline part of the diaper category in China. We've also expanded from probably 72 to 80 cities. 72 have been in the last year to 80 at the end of the first quarter. And my guess is we also picked up some share. But it's probably -- we're still a relatively small player in China overall. We're getting to scale in the major cities that we've been in for a while. And with the fuller lineup of products, we'd expect to continue to drive that. So we're enthusiastic about the progress so far.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questioners in the queue.
Paul J. Alexander: All right, thanks, David. We'll wrap up with a closing comment from Tom.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, once again, we're off to a great start, and we're making the right investments to support the initiatives that we've talked about in our global business plan, and we want to make sure that translates into terrific value for our shareholders. So thank you for listening today.
Paul J. Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's presentation. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul J. Alexander - Vice President of Investor Relations Mark A. Buthman - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Thomas J. Falk - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division John P. San Marco - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division James Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division Alice Beebe Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Gregory Hessler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to introduce today's first speaker, Mr. Paul Alexander.
Paul J. Alexander: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our year-end earnings conference call. Here with me today in Dallas are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO; and Mike Azbell, Vice President and Controller. Here's the agenda for our call. Mark will begin with a review of our fourth quarter results, followed by an update on pulp and tissue restructuring. Tom will then provide his perspectives on our full year results and our 2012 outlook. We'll finish with Q&A. As usual, we have a presentation of today's materials in the Investor Section of our website. This morning's presentation also includes an appendix with the details of our 2012 planning assumptions. Before we begin, let me remind you we'll be making forward-looking statements today. There can be no assurance that future events will occur as anticipated or that our results will be as estimated. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a further discussion of forward-looking statements. I'd also like to point out that we will be referring to adjusted results and outlook, both of which exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. For further information on these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP, please see today's news release and additional information on our website. With that, I'll turn it over to Mark.
Mark A. Buthman: Thank you, Paul, and good morning. Let's start with the headlines. First, we achieved organic sales growth of 3%, highlighted by 7% growth in K-C International. Second, we generated solid improvements in both adjusted gross and operating margins. And third, we delivered adjusted earnings per share of $1.28. That's a 7% increase compared to the prior year.  Now let's cover the details of the quarter. Overall sales increased 2% to $5.2 billion. Organic sales rose 3%, driven by higher net selling prices of 2% and increased sales volumes of 1%. On the other hand, lost sales in conjunction with the divestiture, combined with the impact of our pulp and tissue restructuring, reduced sales by 1%.  Moving down to P&L. Adjusted gross margin was 32.6%. That's up 20 basis points year-on-year. The improvement was driven by higher selling prices and $70 million of FORCE cost savings. These items more than offset cost inflation of $55 million and the negative impact of lower production volumes. Fourth quarter adjusted operating profit rose 9%, and adjusted operating margin was 14.7%. That's up 90 basis points compared to the prior year. In addition to the gross margin improvement, adjusted operating margin benefited from flat between-the-line spending and higher other income.  Fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share were $1.28. That compares with $1.20 last year. The improvement came despite a higher effective tax rate and lower net income from equity companies. So for the year, adjusted earnings per share were $4.80, at the low end of our previous guidance range of $4.80 to $4.90 a share.  Cash provided by operations in the fourth quarter of 2011 was $517 million. That compares to $948 million in the prior year. The decline was driven by a significant improvement in working capital last year that didn't repeat in 2011, along with higher pension contributions. Fourth quarter 2011 primary working capital levels were solid overall, although receivables did increase somewhat including some impact from timing of collections. For the full year, our cash conversion cycle improved 3 days to a record low of 47 days, and I expect us to continue to show improvement in 2012. In addition, we anticipate modest pension contributions this year, which should help drive a substantial increase in operating cash flow in 2012.  Consistent with our previous guidance, we did not repurchase any common stock during the quarter. For the year, we repurchased 19 million shares at a cost of $1.24 billion. Including dividends, we returned approximately $2.3 billion of cash to shareholders during 2011. We'll continue to allocate capital in shareholder-friendly ways heading into 2012. We plan to invest $1 billion to $1.1 billion of capital spending to grow our businesses, and we expect to increase our dividend at a mid-single digit rate, which will be our 40th consecutive annual increase. We also expect to repurchase $900 million to $1.1 billion worth of our shares this year. Together, our plans for dividends and share purchases will total at least $2 billion of cash returned to shareholders in 2012.  Now I'll highlight a few areas from our segment results for the quarter. In Personal Care, organic sales rose 3% with volumes up 2% and net selling prices advancing 1%. K-C International had another great quarter with 11% organic growth led by Latin America, China, South Korea and Vietnam.  In North America, organic sales fell 5%, mostly due to lower volumes. We continued to generate solid volume growth in Adult Care. On the other hand, volumes were down in infant and child care, including the impacts of category declines, competitive activity and some consumer trade-down in the Child Care category. Personal Care operating margins of 15.4% remained well below prior year. The decline was driven by input cost inflation, higher between-the-line spending and increased promotion spending in North American diapers. We clearly aren't satisfied with margins at these levels, and we expect to bring more of the 2011 U.S. diaper price increase to the bottom line in 2012, which should help improve overall margin performance.  Now turning to Consumer Tissue. Organic sales were up 1%. Net selling prices rose 3%. Product mix was favorable by 1 point, while organic volumes fell 3%. Consumer Tissue operating margins improved to 14.3%. That's our best performance in over 2 years. That was driven by selling price increases, cost savings, input cost deflation and lower between-the-line spending. Margins were up in every region around the world, and I'm encouraged by the improved profitability that our tissue teams delivered in 2011 and expect to see further progress in 2012.  Moving to K-C Professional & Other. Organic sales were up about 3%. The increase was driven by improved volumes and higher net selling prices. Volumes were up low-single digits in each region, despite market demand continuing to be relatively sluggish. Operating margins of 15.5% were up 150 basis points versus last year. It was driven by benefits from sales growth and cost savings.  Lastly, Health Care organic sales were up 9%. That included volume growth of 7% and higher net selling prices of 2%. Medical supply volumes rose double digits led by growth in exam gloves and surgical products. In addition, our North American medical device business increased volumes at the mid-single digits. Operating margins of 14.3% were up considerably from last year, driven by significant litigation-related expenses 1 year ago that were connected with our I-Flow acquisition, along with benefits from sales growth and cost savings.  So that wraps up the financial review of the quarter. But before I turn it over to Tom, I wanted to provide an update on our pulp and tissue restructuring actions. Overall, we made significant progress in 2011 and we're on track or ahead of all major elements of our plan. Actions are underway or complete at all but one of the facilities that will be impacted by last year's announcement.  In the fourth quarter, we closed our pulp mill in Australia. We sold 2 K-C Professional facilities in Spain. We announced the closure of our pulp mill in Everett, Washington. Earlier in 2011, we streamlined a Consumer Tissue facility in Australia. In addition, as mentioned in this morning's news release, we recently made a decision to streamline an additional Consumer Tissue facility in North America that is located in Chester, Pennsylvania. Taking into account all restructuring actions, both the January 2011 announcement and this additional streamlining action, we now expect total restructuring charges of $385 million to $420 million after-tax over the 2011 and 2012 time period within the range we expected 1 year ago. We incurred $289 million of after-tax charges in 2011. So most of the restructuring charges are now behind us.  Lastly, in terms of the benefits from restructuring, we're ahead of plan. Fourth quarter savings were about $10 million. That brings full year 2011 savings to $20 million. We continue to grow -- expect to grow savings and reach at least $75 million in 2013, and we now anticipate savings of at least $100 million in 2014. So all in all, I'm very pleased with the progress our teams are making with all our restructuring actions. So that wraps up my comments.  To recap, we achieved solid organic sales growth, led by K-C International. We delivered improved margins and earnings per share, and we continue to allocate capital in shareholder-friendly ways. Now I'll turn it over to Tom.
Thomas J. Falk: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Since Mark has already reviewed the fourth quarter, I'll focus my comments on the full year, and then I'll discuss our 2012 outlook.  So starting with our 2011 performance, adjusted earnings per share rose 3% in 2011. That's below our original objective for the year. That was mostly due to 2 factors. First, we absorbed about $580 million of cost inflation, and that was more than double our original expectation for the year. And second, we had soft demand in portions of our developed markets particularly in the infant and child care categories in the U.S., which continue to be impacted by a multi-year decline in the birth rate. So regardless of the reasons, we're not satisfied with the results that we delivered in 2011, and we plan to get back on track in 2012. Having said that, we did make good progress in several areas that I'll highlight briefly.  First, we launched a number of innovations, including Huggies Little Movers Slip-On Diapers, Poise Hourglass Shape Pads, Kleenex Cool Touch facial tissue, U by Kotex tweens and an improved COTTONELLE bathroom tissue. All of these innovations are performing very well in the marketplace so far. Our innovations and our supporting marketing programs helped improve our brands' market positions. In the U.S., we improved or maintained market share in 6 of our 8 consumer categories in 2011. We also increased market share in a number of areas in K-C International such as in China and in Latin America.  Second, we successfully executed our growth initiatives. K-C International's performance was particularly strong with 8% organic sales growth and a double-digit increase in operating profit. In China, Personal Care organic growth was 20%, boosted by our expanding diaper business, while Huggies are now sold in more than 70 cities. And in Latin America, Personal Care organic growth was more than 15%. In total, K-C International accounted for about 36% of K-C's sales in 2011. That's up 3 percentage points from the previous year.  Elsewhere, we achieved mid to high single-digit volume growth in North America in a number of businesses including adult care, feminine care, baby wipes and our Health Care medical device business. Third, we took aggressive steps in response to the cost environment. We achieved higher net selling prices of 2%, and we delivered $265 million in FORCE cost savings, and we tightly controlled our overhead spending. In terms of commodities, cost moderated some over the back half of 2011 from the peak levels we experienced in the summer. At the same time, our pricing and cost reduction initiatives built further momentum. As a result, our second half of the year adjusted gross margin was up 100 basis points from the first half of the year. So I'm encouraged by this performance, and I expect more improvement in 2012.  Finally, as Mark mentioned, we made excellent progress with our restructuring actions, and we continue to allocate capital in shareholder-friendly ways. So overall, we achieved our top line goal, we missed our bottom line target last year. We also delivered a number of important accomplishments, and we plan to build on them going forward.  Now let me turn to our 2012 outlook. In short, our plan is to continue to execute our global business plan, to invest behind our brands and to deliver improved growth in adjusted earnings per share. Now we expect economic conditions to remain challenging in the near term, particularly in developed markets. And while we're cautiously optimistic that portions of the U.S. economy are improving, we aren't planning for a big increase in market demand. Category demand will remain soft in the infant and child care categories in the U.S., and we're also closely monitoring the European marketplace and events in Venezuela. On the other hand, we anticipate another strong year for K-C International, boosted by solid economic growth and execution of our growth strategies.  In terms of commodity costs, we're assuming a relatively benign environment in 2012. We currently expect an impact in the range of $50 million of deflation to $50 million of inflation. So costs will be down slightly in developed markets, but up somewhat in emerging markets. On the other hand, given the strengthening of the U.S. dollar over the last several months, foreign currency exchange rates will likely be a headwind for us this year.  We have an excellent pipeline of innovation launching across the business this year, [indiscernible] activities in North America include an improved Huggies diaper, a new and improved Huggies baby wipes lineup, and exciting innovations in adult care and feminine care. We also have several launches coming in K-C International, particularly in infant care and in feminine care. So we'll support our innovations and targeted growth initiatives with an increased level of strategic marketing, and spending in this area should rise much faster than sales growth. We'll also increase our investments in research and development and selling to support our future growth and to improve our capabilities.  At the same time, we'll continue to manage our company with financial discipline. We expect to deliver another solid year of cost savings and to return significant amounts of cash to shareholders again this year. So all in all, in 2012, we expect to deliver organic sales growth of 3% to 4% and adjusted earnings per share growth of 4% to 7%. The growth in adjusted earnings per share compares favorably to our 2011 growth of 3%. Similar to 2011, given the timing of our initiatives, we expect that adjusted earnings per share will be stronger in the second half of 2012.  So to summarize, we continue to execute our strategies for the long-term benefit of Kimberly-Clark. We expect to make significant investments behind our brands in 2012 and deliver improved bottom line growth. And we remain convinced that execution of our Global Business Plan will continue to improve shareholder value. So that wraps up our prepared remarks, and now we'll begin to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So just a few questions. One is obviously want to drill down a little bit further on K-C North America particularly on infant and child care being down high-single digits. And you mentioned some drivers, so category softness from birth rate, competitive promotion and trade-down. Can you help just aggregate the large decline into those buckets, so we can try to figure out -- I mean, can you help us figure out going forward which one of these things are going to get better?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I guess I'd say a couple of things. If you looked at -- for the full year of 2011, the category for baby -- for diapers was down 2% to 3%. Our volume was down about 4%. So it was a little bit steeper in the fourth quarter with the count decline. Basically we took 7% of diapers out of every bag across the fourth quarter. Usually we don't see all of that hit. This time, we took a bigger hit from that. So that should start to roll off as consumers rebuild their household inventory. Second factor, price. We'd expected to realize more of that price in the fourth quarter. More of it wound up being spent back in trade but also in couponing, really to respond to the competitive environment. Some of that was a response to our launch of Huggies Little Movers Slip-On Diapers in the third quarter, where there was still a lot of noise in the marketplace. But that should start to get better sequentially.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. Okay, if we switch gears just a second, and obviously, you guys are very well known for strong capital allocation, giving back to shareholders. This year, I think it was $2.3 billion and I'm referring [ph] -- I think it was $2.3 billion. Next year, it sounds like it's going to be a little less than that, both dividend and share buyback. But it's been at least for the past couple of years below your free cash flow. How should we think about that? How should we think about the philosophy there, and the safety, frankly, of those things that people gravitate towards from the quarter 4 [ph]. And also particularly in the context that it looks like it's going to be a little bit less this year versus last year.
Thomas J. Falk: So last year, as you'll recall, we said early in the year, we were going to take out about $700 million of additional leverage, and that, that was going to be a higher than normal year. So I'd say this year will be another solid year. I think it'll be the 40th year in a row we've increased the dividend. So that's obviously a strong long-standing commitment, expect to see that continue. And I'd say maybe the challenge that lots of multinationals face is as we make more money overseas is getting that money back on a timely basis to be able to use it to fund dividends and share repurchases, and we've been aggressive at that. And you see that in the slightly higher effective tax rate next year than this year, as it does cost more to bring that money back. But it's not our plan to accumulate cash in the balance sheet long-term.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So is it your plan to accumulate debt to be able to pay the dividend and the share buyback that people are used to?
Mark A. Buthman: No. I think if you take a look at the cash flow we'll generate, say, next year, round numbers, let's take $3 billion, you'll have $1 billion to $1.1 billion go to CapEx, you'll have $1 billion to $1.1 billion go to dividends, and the balance will go back to -- in the form of share repurchases. As the business grows, you want to target to be a solid single A credit. Over time as we did this year if we can take on just a little bit of leverage and keep us right in that solid range, we might make the decision to do that. But you should think about us funding those obligations primarily out of operating cash flow.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. Because that hasn't been the case for the past couple of years, obviously. So -- and then last question is, is just a broader question of what you said for reaching your top line, but we missed at the bottom line goal and then next year, gross profit will grow faster than operating profit. It seems like -- and this is not just a Kimberly question -- you have a broad, obviously, view of the whole sector, but it feels like, look this is just the new world we're in where you're going to have to invest more, one is going to have to invest more than you used to just to grow like you used to. Is that -- are you seeing any end in sight about this? Or is that just kind of the new view that we're going to have to have going forward here?
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I'd say the markets are certainly more competitive and there's plenty of things to worry about in the world today. But if I look at last year and say, wow, we had a commodity cost spike that was double our original expectations, it's tougher to get price quickly to cover that, and that showed up in our numbers. We do have a fair amount of carryover price increase coming into 2012, and commodity environment looks like it's going to be more neutral for us. So we should see that flow to the bottom line a little bit more readily in 2012.
Operator: Next question comes from Jason Gere with RBC Capital Markets.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I guess 2 questions. One, wanted to just go back on the Personal Care margins. Obviously, it's kind of the lowest that we've seen in a while. So as we think about the year progressing and coming off that floor, I mean, what's your view? Is it more commodity is going to get better as the year progresses? Or do you see the promotional environment easing? And can you get back to that 20% kind of margin that we've been accustomed to seeing for the last couple of years?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I'd say a good near-term target is to say -- if you look at where the fourth quarter margin was in Personal Care, it was kind of the low point to get back. In 2012, something closer to the average for 2011 would be a good first step, and that's probably more realistic given the -- at least where the price of oil seems to be hanging these days. I'd say the things that are going to get better will be, one, getting some positive price realization as opposed to negative price drag. That's the quickest and easiest, as it's already in place in the marketplace. We've just got to bring it to the bottom line. There'll be some commodity relief, but that's not going to be a huge plus for us in Personal Care. You probably may be seeing more in the near term on tissue with lower pulp prices.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, just shifting to my next question, I think you said when we look at the cadence of earnings for the year, the second half would be stronger than the first half. Was that correct?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I said the profile will be similar to what it was in 2011. So I think in 2011 the way it shook out is, I don't know, 47% of our full year earnings were in the first half and 53% were in the second half. So what you tend to see is a slightly positive bias toward the back of just because cost savings build during the year. And so you'll -- that's typically the way it plays out. We have a couple of other business, KCP and Health Care in particular, where distributors tend to have a much stronger December than January. And so there's a little bit of seasonal bias that pushes it that way as well.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Because I guess my thought was that the first half, you would see much stronger gross margins just given the easier comparisons and kind of where pulp has played out in -- unless is there any change in cadence for the organic sales, the 3 to 4, should that be pretty steady every quarter? Or, I mean, maybe the timing of innovation, I'm just wondering -- that's why I was just a little curious why the second half would -- I understand the cost savings but why the second half would be stronger than the first half especially with the gross margin kind of upside coming in the first half of the year.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. The cost inflation should be much more favorable in the first half of the year, especially as pulp is below our full year estimate range, but some of the other factors, you said timing of innovation and the -- and marketing investments related to that affected as well.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then just the last question. I know last quarter you talked a bit about trade destocking in the Battery [ph] category. I was just wondering, just generally speaking, relationship with retailers. Are you seeing anything in North America in particular right now just in terms of how retailers are managing the inventory, especially in the category like diapers where you are seeing softer trends?
Thomas J. Falk: I would say nothing abnormal at this time of the year. And so, retailers everywhere just like companies like us are all trying to take days out of their cash conversion cycle. And so you see that kind of push, but these are pretty high-turn categories. So they can't afford to be out of stock either, so I think that's the balance point for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from John San Marco with Janney Capital Markets.
John P. San Marco - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I was surprised you didn't call out the mix shift toward K-C International as a driver of margin decline in the Personal Care segment. Can you tell me either how operating margins compare in K-C International versus rest of world, or how much of the margin decline is being driven by K-C International's rapid growth? Or is it really just not that material?
Thomas J. Falk: The mix shift from K-C International is not that material overall. And so, I mean, we took a look at it and didn't think it was noteworthy enough to comment on.
Paul J. Alexander: And, John, this is Paul. Actually just for the fourth quarter, margins in K-C International, Personal Care were up year-over-year. So the gap is closing.
Thomas J. Falk: We got more price in Personal Care in the International business than we did in the -- obviously, North America was negative. So that was part of it.
John P. San Marco - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Sure. And then this brings me to my second question, which is, I was hoping to learn more about the 7% price decrease in Europe Personal Care. Was that promotion or list price? And then I guess why make such as severe price investment when the volume growth in that region seemed to be pretty darn strong?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. It's really more of a timing of promotion in Europe. As to when you're on deal, you typically have bigger discounts and higher volume spikes and it's more of a function of how the trade in Europe wants to run the category. So when you're on promotion, you're going to see that kind of a relationship. If you look at the full year, you wouldn't see as big of a shift. It just happened that more of it was in the fourth quarter of this year compared to last year.
John P. San Marco - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Got it. And then the last, just one quick housecleaning. Did you say how much advertising was up for the quarter or for the year?
Thomas J. Falk: For the year, it was pretty flat in absolute dollar terms, and, I don't know, Paul, if you've got the quarterly numbers. Similar, I think if...
Paul J. Alexander: It's the same for the fourth quarter, pretty similar to year-over-year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
James Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: This is James Armstrong filling in for Chip. First question, why did the diluted share count increase at the end of the year? Was there something abnormal with the options or was something else going on?
Thomas J. Falk: Well, we hit a all-time record stock price, so there was higher option exercise than normal in the fourth quarter. So that was the primary factor.
Mark A. Buthman: Yes, and we didn't buy shares in the fourth quarter, which we expected.
James Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Okay, perfect. And then the other question I have is on tissue and pulp restructuring, you saw a $20 million benefit in 2011 and expect $30 million in 2012. First, am I right in assuming that, that is an incremental $30 million for 2012 for a total of $50 million? And then second, why is the improvement this gradual, specifically given the Everett mill is a giant discrete item, why wouldn't you see more of $100 million in 2012?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, good questions. The answer to your first question is yes, the $30 million is incremental to the $20 million. And the answer to the second question is we -- given we knew where this was going, we really started taking steps to reduce spend at Everett in 2011, which is why we probably got more benefit in 2011 than maybe we were expecting at the time we started the restructuring. So cutting maintenance spending, things like that, that wouldn't have a benefit when you knew the facility was going to be closed or sold were -- we were able to get more benefit there in 2011 than we expected.
Operator: Our next question comes from Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Two questions. One, I think that Mark made a comment that you were looking to realize more diaper pricing going in 2012. And the question is, what needs to happen, because we understood that the Slip-On Diaper introduction, the couponing, you probably already knew it, and basically we should have seen a more positive mix in the fourth quarter given that you reduced the diaper count. So I'm kind of like confused how come we see diaper pricing deterioration in the fourth quarter, but at the same time, Mark mentioned that you are looking for more pricing realization and the volumes are so weak. So I'm confused about your guidance and the way you are looking at the category in the U.S.
Thomas J. Falk: No, I think in the fourth quarter, we wound up spending more on coupons competitively to make sure that we had the right value equation. Some of that was in response to our Slip-ons launch. Some of it was just the other activity that takes place in the category from time to time. So we didn't realize as much of the price increase as we thought we would. We expect that to be better overall in 2012 as the pricing is in effect longer, and we would expect to see a more -- competitors line up to that over time. We'll see what happens in the marketplace.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Yes, but if your volumes were so weak with less pricing, what give you confidence that you can realize more pricing? Shouldn't volume even worsen if you take more pricing? I mean, if volumes were down so much in the quarter, why is it that if you take more pricing volumes are not going to deteriorate?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I mean, our share overall was flat in the quarter. So we'd, say -- we picked up some share with Slip-ons and in our Super Premium segment. We've got some innovation coming in 2012 that will obviously strengthen our product line up across the board, and we believe that in the end, mom wants the best diaper for her baby and she'll choose Huggies with the product lineup that we have in place.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: And finally, on the planning assumption of pulp averaging $940 to $960 per ton into 2012. Our pricing, the thing that we see in the spot market is well below that. It's nearly or over $100 per ton in January. So 2 questions here. Why is it that you are forecasting such a conservative pulp budget number? And secondly, coming back to the question whether your earnings progression should be front-end loaded instead of back-end loaded just because of given that the cost environment is such a -- you have the carryover of the pricing in 2011 and then you have -- you're lapping very high commodity increases last year. So I'm still also confused about how much of advertising spending you need to increase in order to make these earnest progression back-end loaded again in 2012?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, good questions. From a pulp forecasting standpoint, we look at the 3 major industry forecasters and average those, and that's basically what our process is. We don't try to outsmart the experts in this area. And so the experts are expecting China to come back and be a stronger buyer, and that's going to lead to higher fiber prices as 2012 progresses. We'll see if that takes place, and we'll update you on our actual assumptions as we go through the year. We don't buy a lot of spot tonnage, but the current market price is below that. And so that will be a factor that will help the first part of the year. But there are other factors that will push it the other direction, and I think, as we said, overall, our guidance is to be slightly back-half loaded, not easily [ph] so, but a profile looks similar to what we saw in 2011.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Faucher with JPMorgan Chase.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Quick question for you. On the other income line, we saw a big favorable swing. I think it was about $0.13 or so this year. And just wondering, as we look to map that out next year, it's going to be a relatively tough lap again, sort of more in the back half of the year, which would argue for a little more of a front-end loaded year. But how do we think about that line item, not just for 2012 but also sort of longer term to try and map that out a little bit better?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I mean, the primary thing that goes in there on a normal basis, is currency exchange or transaction gains and losses on currency hedges that we have in place. And so we had more gains this year, which was a big driver. Our guess is as we look at swings in the currency market late in 2011, we'll likely have more losses on those lines in 2012. And we also had a onetime effect. We sold a small healthcare joint venture that went in the fourth quarter. So that kind of stuff will pop in there from time to time, when we have those small gains or losses on things. This year they happen to be gains, but in our guidance, we don't assume that any of those will take place in 2012. So that'll also be a factor in the year-on-year earnings growth rate. We won't have as much good news on that line for sure.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So we're probably better off just going in, predicting something closer to flat or, plus or minus low singles and then kind of going from there. Is that the right way to look at it?
Thomas J. Falk: I'd say that sounds about right.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then you guys talked about the working capital improvement that you're projecting out. And can you walk us through? Is that can be something we should see relatively quickly? Or is that something you think it's going to be sort of a slow build over the course of the year?
Mark A. Buthman: No, it'll be a slow build across the year. Inventories will be the key driver. We do have a lot of innovation coming to market, which is, depending on which business is launching you're going to see some ebbs and flows as we build inventories to get ready for launch. But you should think of it as more gradual, and it's -- order of magnitude, 2 to 3 days over the course of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Going back to inflation a little bit. Can you talk about what you're seeing in terms of -- and expecting in terms of both waste paper and resins? I mean, the white pulp, if anything, waste paper seems to have come off even sharper. Are you expecting that to rebound as you are with pulp?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean, I think our full year forecast for waste paper is higher than the current spot and that's one that -- we hit an all-time record in September, and then it dropped way off in the -- late in the fourth quarter. And so we're currently seeing prices in the market that are below our full year average. And that one, we don't have ramping back up probably quite as much as pulp this year, but there is still -- the forecast for that is to have some upward pressure as the year progresses. And resin I'd say, the -- our current outlook for the year is slightly higher than the current prices we're paying. So we're really calling for oil in that -- how does it fall, $90 to $100 a barrel kind of range or...
Paul J. Alexander: Yes, $95 to $105.
Thomas J. Falk: $95 to $105, yes.
Paul J. Alexander: Polymer for the full year shouldn't be a big factor in the year-over-year comparisons, pretty similar to 2011 average. But as Tom mentioned, it's starting off the year a little bit lower than our full year expectation.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And can you talk a little bit about demand trends that you're seeing in K-C Professional around the world, anything that makes you feel maybe a little bit better entering 2012 or a little bit worse given how economically sensitive it is?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I guess, a couple of things. I mean, our businesses in emerging markets is a place we're putting a lot of focus. So we've got some aggressive growth plan in Latin America, places like China and Russia. So we're putting more sales people on the ground, and we're really -- we're aggressively growing those areas. So we're certainly taking share and in some cases, pioneering new category spaces. I would say, Europe, for lots of reasons that all of you are likely aware of, we would say is probably one that's looking like it's going to have a tougher economic growth year in 2012. We already have strong share positions there, but the economic growth and the pricing environment in Europe is going to be tough. North America, a mixed bag. I think we're cautiously optimistic. We saw some progress in the fourth quarter in our washroom business, and we've got a lot of innovation coming in 2012. So we'd probably expect to see a fairly benign economic growth, so very low single-digit, and we could hopefully do a little bit better than that in the North American market, particularly in places like safety and healthy workplace.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just one last question. You mentioned the trade-down in infant and child care, and I'm wondering, one, was that mainly in terms of product or was it private label? And was that something you're seeing in any of your other product areas?
Thomas J. Falk: Private label shares actually for the full year were pretty flat, and I think they were flatter down in all categories but one. And in diapers, what you saw more was Pampers lost a little bit of share to Luvs, and we picked up in our Super Premium segment behind the launch of our Slip-On Diapers. And we gave it up out of our tier 4 business or our mainline business, but private label shares were fairly flat. I don't know, Paul, if you've got the data there but...
Paul J. Alexander: Yes, just to build on that. In the fourth quarter, private label picked up about 1 share point in the training pant category.
Thomas J. Falk: In training pant but not in diapers.
Paul J. Alexander: Diapers, they were -- it was flat.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. But did you see anything across any other product areas, in tissue or anything else?
Paul J. Alexander: No. As Tom mentioned, for the full year, private label was up in only 1 category, and that was about 0.5 point in feminine care.
Operator: Our next question comes from Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital.
Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just a couple of more questions on your outlook for commodities. It strikes me also that natural gas is at a decade low. And I think electric rates might also be lower than they were in the last year. Is it -- can you tell us what your outlook on those is? And if costs come in better than your forecast, is it your intention to reinvest it or to drop it to earnings?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, good question. So, I mean, natural gas, I think, our outlook is what, Paul, $3.50?
Paul J. Alexander: $3.00 to $3.50.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, and so that's a little higher than the current spot prices. Obviously, we also buy a lot of gas around the world. And so it's -- those are -- that's just the U.S. price, and there is more variability around that. For every dollar and MMBtu, it's, what, $16 million or something on a full year basis. So that can be a big impact. Now we are at least partially hedged going into 2012. And so we're typically hedging 12 to 18 months out on a rolling basis. So not all of that will drop directly to the bottom line, and part of it we will have locked in to protect against spikes. And from a pricing standpoint, I mean, it's our intention to take the benefit of the commodity costs where we can. Obviously, if it shifts too much, you'll start to see market pricing adjust in some categories, and that can be an offset. We already have our strategic marketing plan laid out for the year, and know where we want to spend it and what we are going to spend it on, and so we'll focus on that. But if we have benefit from commodity costs over that, we'll risk surprising you on the upside.
Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. Can you describe how business [ph] does in terms of demand or takeaway or market straddle when the balance of strategic spending [indiscernible] promotion versus tilted more to advertising?
Thomas J. Falk: Again, I'm not -- the question was broken up just a little bit, Connie. Were you asking how is the business plan looking at it with strategic marketing versus trade?
Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Yes, it's not how it -- it's more what's your experience in terms of demand or market share when the plan is [indiscernible] more towards advertising versus promotion.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I think that one of the exciting things about the plan is that it's not just advertising by itself. It's advertising coupled with some great innovation aimed at a specific consumer need area. And so we've got great innovation in the market that we're supporting now. We've got more coming in 2012. And so we're going to spend behind those big ideas. And what we've seen is when we do that, you have stories like, you buy Kotex where you can pick up share in the marketplace. And so that's what the plan is in 2012 is to continue to invest behind innovation, invest behind our brands in emerging markets. And that's a more sustainable way to create growth going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays Capital.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Couple of things. So first was just on the businesses in Personal Care that aren't infant and child care. So I know wipes tend to be a bit choppy depending on timing of promotions and such. But both fem care and adult care decelerated. Adult Care I would've thought you would have kind a follow-on benefit of the Poise launch at the end of the last quarter, and it's the first time we've seen fem care volume down slightly. Comp has been tough for a while. So any additional color you can add there would be great.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. Probably it's timing of innovation. We've got a lot of innovation coming in fem care in 2012, and so we probably had a little lighter promotional calendar than normal. And we're saving up our dry powder for that activity, which is going to hit later this year. And in Adult Care, I'd say, overall, shares look good and promotional calendar was a little lighter. It was around some of the same phenomena. We've got some innovation coming, particularly in North America on that front. So both businesses had a solid year overall and look like they've got great growth planned for 2012.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: On the fem care piece, was U by Kotex volume still up or was that part down as well? [indiscernible]
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. No, U by Kotex was still up.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then on the Adult, I'm just curious, though, because the Poise launch happened at the end of the quarter. So was there any kind of shifting of promotional dollars also because of the competitive dynamics in child and infant care? Was that part of it?
Thomas J. Falk: No, no, really not. I mean, we laid up a plan for those businesses and executed the plan. And I think despite the challenges in infant and child care, one of the things our North American team did a great job on this year is really insulate the key innovations. So whether it was Cool Touch or some of the new COTTONELLE variants or some of the things that we launched in independent Poise, we did those really per the plan that we tested.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And then K-C International, I mean, it did -- I know the growth is still quite strong especially relative to developed markets, but there was a pretty significant deceleration sequentially. So just what were the biggest win factors there? And the comp wasn't particularly tough. You had Venezuela in the numbers last year. So as we look forward, are we thinking high single digits or just go back to being double-digit growth?
Thomas J. Falk: No. I think that's the right range. If you look at our business in China and Latin America, those did very, very well. There's other parts of the world that aren't as strong. Australia, for example, had a relatively soft volume quarter. Korea still is quite strong. So there was nothing fundamental in the numbers that I saw that was driving that. I don't know, Paul, if you've got any other color for Lauren.
Paul J. Alexander: Yes, just the one another thing that happened in Q4, Lauren, was we started to roll off a little bit of some of the price increases that helped boost the numbers in the third quarter. But volumes continue to grow nicely and high single-digit growth overall for the business.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And then on restructuring. So the additional North America tissue piece, can you just tell us a little bit more about what that facility is? Is it more private label or is it branded capacity?
Thomas J. Falk: No, the -- Chester is a large tissue facility in the Northeast that has served the heritage Scott tissue and Scott towel business for many, many years. And it's really a testimony to our Consumer Tissue supply chain team that as Dave currently leading [ph] the organization and freed up capacity, they were able to take some capacity out of that facility and still service our business with our remaining assets. And so we challenged them to continue to improve margin and find ways to improve their cost structure, and they've served up some really exciting ideas for us this year.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, that's great. And my final thing, sorry, was just on share repurchase. So, I mean, my memory is that last quarter when you talked about making the bigger pension contribution and holding back on repo in the fourth quarter, that the expectation was a sort of above-normal year for repurchase in 2012. and just the numbers you've laid out, strong but fairly typical actually. So what's changed in your thought process on share repurchase for this year?
Mark A. Buthman: Yes, Lauren, I think on a typical basis we might buy back 700 million to 800 million of shares. We're at 900 million to 1 billion this year. If we have additional cash that we can bring back effectively, we'll probably -- there's a chance we could buy it -- be a little bit above that. But it's consistent with the plan we laid out in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Beebe Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: I have a follow-up question about your first half versus second half guidance. I think you said the year is going to be second half weighted, similarly to 2011. So that means the year-over-year increases in earnings are likely to be even throughout the year?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, similarly. Yes, that sounds about right.
Alice Beebe Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And your guidance is for an increase in your SG&A ratio driven largely by intensified marketing, it sounds like. Is that going to be weighted entirely to Personal Care? We had, in the fourth quarter, spending between-the-line in tissue was down, and promotions were also not a factor off the top line for tissue. So I'm just wondering if the increase in spending is all weighted to Personal Care in 2012.
Thomas J. Falk: It's probably heavier weighted to Personal Care. We've got more innovation coming in baby, child care and adult care and feminine care in 2012. But where we have innovation on COTTONELLE or Kleenex around the world, we'll spend behind those ideas as well. I think on the selling expense front, we are also adding selling expense capability for our K-C Professional and Health Care businesses as we grow those businesses internationally especially. So you'll see a little bit of a push in that line. And we're trying to manage the rest of our G&A to grow at a slower rate than sales if we can.
Alice Beebe Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Should we assume that SG&A in tissue is up versus 2011, the ratio?
Thomas J. Falk: In terms of including strategic marketing?
Alice Beebe Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yes.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes.
Alice Beebe Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: So that intensifying SG&A ratio applies to both Personal Care and tissue?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes.
Alice Beebe Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And my final question is about margins for Personal Care. I think you said that in 2012, you should get to the average margin for 2011. Does that mean that we should see for all of 2012 the same or similar margin for Personal Care as the entirety of 2011? Or are we only going to get to the average of 2011 by the end of 2012?
Thomas J. Falk: No, I think for a full year basis, that's the right target. And so that's what we're aiming at.
Alice Beebe Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And the idea is margins might be down in the first half and up in the second for Personal Care?
Thomas J. Falk: Certainly the comparisons will be tougher in the first half. That's for sure. And so you should expect to see more of the year-over-year quarterly improvement happen in the second half, just because the comparisons will be a lot easier.
Alice Beebe Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And then since we've got even EPS increases through the year overall now, does that mean that operating margins might be up more for tissue in the first half than the second as sort of an offset to what happens in Personal Care?
Thomas J. Falk: Well, you -- with the lower pulp cost, you're going to get more benefit of that in tissue in the first part of the year. That's for sure.
Alice Beebe Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. So we've sort of got reverse trends in terms of margin comps in tissue from Personal Care?
Thomas J. Falk: In the first half of the year, that's probably correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from Todd Duvick with Bank of America.
Gregory Hessler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is actually Greg Hessler standing in for Todd. Just one quick housekeeping item. You guys have the February 2012 maturity of $400 million. Have you identified whether you plan to retire that with excess cash on hand or if you'd to look refinance that?
Mark A. Buthman: It would be a combination of cash on hand and short- and long-term debt. We'll make that call in February.
Thomas J. Falk: We exited the year with no commercial paper outstanding, so we got lots of flexibility.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Ferrara with Bank of America.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So I just wanted to get a little bit deeper into the reinvestments you're going to make, right? So I guess, if I look at marketing research G&A as a percentage of sales, I guess, it spent a lot of time historically around 17%, crept its way up to 18.6% in 2010, came back down again in 2011. And, I guess, for your guidance to work, right, for operating profit to grow 3% to 6% and for gross profit to grow more than that -- in other words, if we assume your guidance on gross profit and for your EPS guidance to make sense, you need mRNA, basically, MR G&A to be that kind of at historical highs in 2010. And, I guess, can you talk a little bit about that? And is that right? And is that maybe why we're seeing the organic sales guidance at plus 3 to 4, which is essentially an acceleration in a pretty tough environment?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, well, I think you're directionally right on the level of spending, and if we spend all that money and don't get any top line lift, I'm going to feel really bad about it. So yes, we are -- we do have a lot of innovation coming. We're going to invest behind it at appropriate levels. We've got exciting growth plans in our emerging markets around the world where we're building out our platform. And we've got -- we're going to continue to invest despite the challenging economic environment, and we believe this is a great opportunity for us to drive our business and pick up share in some of these markets.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That helps. And, I guess, can you just give a little color around, I guess, the disaggregation between launch spending and, I guess, you made reference to capabilities, building capabilities in the press release [ph] too. And I think you said something about building up in Latin America. Can you just talk, I guess, about how you might think about the breakout between those 2?
Thomas J. Falk: You mean in terms of how much of it is onetime versus how much of it is part of long-term plan?
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes. Essentially, yes. I mean, how much is advertising, right, behind new product launches? And how much of it is just building up a sales force in places where you want to be more aggressive?
Thomas J. Falk: I'd say more of it is strategic marketing, and a much smaller percentage of it would be building up sales capability. And so it is one -- if you said we -- a healthy model is we're bringing margin-accretive innovation to market, enhancing our gross margin and reinvesting a part of that every year in higher strategic marketing spending. We haven't always been able to do that, because of the commodity volatility we face and the difficulty we've had in getting price increases to offset that. And so this is another step forward in that direction, but it's one that we think is a journey that if we continue to drive innovation at the right level, we'll be strategically investing in the business long term.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Right, that's helpful. And, I guess, one last thing, can you try to help us out, I guess, directionally on what you think pension expense year-on-year in 2012 will be and what you think the FX drag from a profit perspective would be? I mean, even if you had it in basis points gross margin grade, EPS, pennies, either way would be...
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. The pension should be pretty flat. We put enough money in the plan last year, and as you know, we took some action several years ago to really wind up or freeze our DB plan, so that we don't have as big of an impact. We moved everybody into a defined contribution in the U.S. So that isn't as big of a factor as it may have, would have been in previous years. And FX, I don't know, Paul, if you've got any color on that from a percentage drag?
Paul J. Alexander: Yes, if you look at just translation, it could be a couple of points of operating profit headwind, and transaction is harder to quantify precisely, but it's probably in that ballpark as well. So overall, currency is going to be a mid single-digit drag on results next year.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And from the profit side, some of that's I suspect in gross margins or in COGS, and some of it's also in between-the-lines, is that right?
Thomas J. Falk: Right. And some of it might wind up in the other income expense line, or the transaction part, where we had gains this year, we may have losses next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I know you talked about private label trends in diapers this year, but if you look back to like 2008 till now, it looks like private label took about 4 points of market share. Do you think that's cyclical? Or is that a change in consumers' mindset in the diaper side? Because, obviously, that's a lot of volume that's going away.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, our total category view would not be that significant. Actually it spiked up in early '08 when the -- by a couple of points when the economy turned south, and then it has shifted back down. So you might be looking at some of the measured outlet data might look a little different. But on an all-outlet basis that we look at, I don't know. Paul's got the numbers in front of him, but...
Paul J. Alexander: It's about 1.5 points increase, Bill, from 2008 to today.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. I mean, that's a big increase though, right? I mean, especially because it's such capacity utilization game in diapers?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I mean, I would say it's not a trivial increase, but it is one that we continue to be focused on. We've got to be competitive across all spectrums. So I would say if you look back to a little longer perspective, when I was running the diaper business in the early '90s, I think private label shares were up in the mid-20s. And so they actually have come down over the long term even though they have spiked up a little bit in recent terms.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Got you. And then just on pricing again. Broadly, it seems like it's really schizophrenic. So, I mean, if you look in the U.K., and it's only a quarter of data, but it seems like you guys had a 12% price decrease in diapers. I mean, is that really just timing of promotions? But you kind of do it category by category, tissues use was way up, Procter's [ph] was flat. I mean, can we read anything in terms of like is there going to be a consistent pricing across the industry? Or kind of what's going on there?
Thomas J. Falk: Because you've got both trade as a reduction of sales and consumer coupon values as a reduction of sales, we add all of that up into a net, plus or minus, price number. You're going to have more volatility there. And so there really wasn't any list price changes in Europe. It was all a combination of trade and couponing, and the same is true in the U.S. So you're going to have more volatility in those numbers.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Got you. I mean, so we shouldn't -- it doesn't suggest that there's a change in strategy in Europe. I mean, you want to optimize, get to that double-digit operating profit number, and then take it from there. Is that still the MO in Europe?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, absolutely.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just on the tax rate, because like you said before, you're generating all this cash overseas and you're going to continue to repatriate it to pay the dividend and whatnot. I mean, is the tax rate for next year the new base? Or will it kind of go up every single year because more and more cash is coming in from overseas and has to be repatriated every year? And the reason I ask that is if that's the case, because it looks like the sort of evergreen 6% to 9% EPS growth [ph] algorithm, it's still in place but you lose kind of 2 points on tax. And is there going to be a 2 point tax hit every year now, going forward?
Thomas J. Falk: No, I don't think so. I think what you typically see is probably -- and Mark's looking at me, so I'll let him correct my estimate here, but I would say we've assumed in our plan something like a 30 to 40 basis point increase in the effective rate over time, makes sense. And actually, we came in at low end of our range this year. Next year is more kind of the normal level that you'd expect, and so we've got to go do tax planning and see if we can improve on that. We don't have the visibility of those at this point. But, Mark, maybe you want to add more color to that.
Mark A. Buthman: No. I think that's right. If you look at the last 10 years, tax has been a help to our algorithm. Looking forward, it's probably going to be a little bit of a drag. But I think the good news is, from an operating standpoint, the business we've got between innovation and marketing support, we should be able to have more of an operating earnings-driven plan. But -- and we're -- our tax team works hard. We've worked hard to get to the bottom end of the range this year, and we'll work hard to get to the bottom end of the range next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of quick things. Can you tell us what's going on in Mexico and what you think the outlook is for that? And also just elaborate a little bit on the Venezuela risk. And then I just want to clarify, are you -- is there very little risk of a down first quarter? Because again it seems like you did say it's going to be a back-end loaded year. I just want to understand what the risk is in the first quarter if you could help.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, sure. On Mexico, I assume you're talking about Kimberly-Clark de Mexico, and so we've got a very strong business there. They had a little tougher finish to the year where they got hit in the fourth quarter with a weaker peso and high commodity costs and they didn't get much price realization. They're expecting a better year in 2012 as the peso should improve a bit on a relative basis and they should be able to get some pricing. So we're expecting that to be a positive. Venezuela is one that -- obviously, with a presidential election this year, it's difficult to say what exactly will happen there. It's only about 1% of our sales and about 3% of our operating profit. And so it's not a huge factor for us, and it's one that we're watching and managing very closely. And with regard to the first quarter, we don't really give specific quarterly guidance anymore, and so we'll give you a full year guidance and a little bit of a perspective on the profile, and then every quarter, we'll update you on how we did. And so that's really the message we have going forward.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And then just, sorry, a follow-on. The retail environment, when they see pulp prices down as much as they are, are you -- you tend to encounter some pressure to withdraw pricing or to fund sales in any other way, retailer-driven?
Thomas J. Falk: I mean, even at our current pricing levels, the current level of pulp cost would support that. And so we never really were priced up for the peak, and much of the pricing went into effect at pulp price levels that are pretty similar to where they are now. And so that doesn't mean they don't call and ask, but we have a very good story when they do.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And I'm sorry, are you in any way hedged on pulp? Or do you tend to just buy in the open market?
Thomas J. Falk: No, we tend to buy at a market-based price.
Operator: The next question comes from Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: It's actually me this time. I'm having -- I just wanted to -- I have a little difficulty in reconciling the year. If we look at your pulp forecast, which is spot on to what Reese [ph] said 2011 was for NBSK, 951. And so we just made a simple extrapolation that the 2 tissue segments were roughly flat '11 to '12, and I'm not saying that, but just roughly, that would mean that the Personal Care business would have to really surge back in 2012 to like a record, like $1.8 billion in terms of EBIT, to get you there. And so it just seems like if I take your pulp forecast, and assume nothing else heroic happens in K-C Professional or Consumer Tissue, you're going to have to see quite a turnaround from the rate of earnings that you saw in PC in the second half, which was actually under $1.5 billion. So is that -- is there a different way you would encourage us to think about that?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I would say assuming that K-C Professional and Consumer Tissue were flat year-on-year, would probably be an incorrect set of assumptions. So we wouldn't think that was an acceptable plan, and the people that we have running those businesses wouldn't either. So yes, no, we would expect to have a decent growth year in both KCP and Consumer Tissue in 2012. We got lots of cost savings coming through. We got more restructuring savings coming through. We've got lots of brand activity going on. So I'd expect to see a positive growth year in both those segments of the business.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: And so even if they both were up about 10%, which would be $130 million, you would still have to have a number that approaches the 2010 level for Personal Care to get to, at least on my calculations, to the low end. So I guess even then, you're still saying you expect a nice recovery in Personal Care during 2012.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. And as we talked, I mean, getting back -- we've got a lot of innovation coming, lots of investment behind that, but getting back to a margin that is roughly equivalent to the full year segment average in 2011 would be a big turnaround in that business this year.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Okay. And then the second little question I had was I noticed on the -- well, 2 things on the -- do you actually disclose or can you tell us much natural gas you use at least in the U.S. and maybe outside the U.S. every year?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, natural gas, we use about 16 million MMBtus a year. So every dollar of MMBtu is about $16 million in cost, and that's really just North America. We don't have -- I don't think we've given statistics outside of that. But I don't know, Paul, if you've got any other rules of thumb for him.
Paul J. Alexander: The global number, including the U.S., would be about twice that amount.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Okay. And then you also mentioned, I don't have it in front of me, but the other fiber that you use beyond pulp, I believe was 1.4 million, which was a lot higher than what I think we'd have been using in the past. And I didn't know if that is just -- I would imagine most of that kind of is reflecting the growth outside of the U.S. in Consumer and K-C Professional. Is that basically it?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, that's basically right. I'd say that number's been kind of creeping up. I mean, it was 1.2 million not that long ago, but now it's up to about 1.4 million. And so it just reflects growth in KCP and in some cases, recovered fiber is a pretty significant source of fiber for our consumer business as well in some markets.
Operator: Our next question comes from Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: I have a question with regards to, again, to the Personal Care business, the diaper business in North America. Number one, if you can tell us how much of the decline in volumes has to do with the changing diaper count? And also whether this allocation or this change in inventory for retailers, that $30 million that you commented in the release is disproportionately allocated to diapers. I'm just trying to understand what is the underlying industry growth in diapers given that you are saying that you didn't lose share but again high single-digit volume growth is pretty high. So I don't think that -- I just trying to reconcile this.
Thomas J. Falk: No, the $30 million was really a cost of downtime in the quarter. And so that was our -- the cost of idling facilities and that was spread across our business in various places as our teams really -- they focus on hitting inventory at a target level, and if they're at target level, then they shut machines down, whatever business that is in the world. And so some of that fell on our Baby, Child Care business as our volumes underperformed expectations. As it relates to the reconciliation of our volume in the quarter versus our share, I mean there's a lot of factors that affect those, I'm sure you know. I mean, our mix was positive, and so that helped us from a share standpoint, but other than that, we really haven't got the analytics yet to unpack everything that happened from a volume standpoint. So some part of it's trade inventory, some part of it's consumer household inventory, et cetera.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: But the reduction in diaper count, does it have an impact on your volume growth or in the way you measure volume growth or not?
Thomas J. Falk: No, because we're measuring thousands of diapers in our volume count. But if you think about it, consumers buying a package with 7% fewer diapers in it. And so on average in their home, their household inventory drops. But usually you'd say maybe about half of that, and based on historical count reductions, would be the impact that you'd have in the period that you did the cut reduction, because if you said, "Okay, on average, consumer's got a half a bag in their household, that bag has 7% fewer diapers, so half of that would be 3.5." But this quarter, we had a bigger volume drop, and so part of that was about the count change, and probably part of it was mix, some part of it was retail or inventory changes. It's hard to digest which piece of that exactly took place here.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Let me phrase it differently then. What is your assumption for underlying diaper growth or contraction in North America going into 2012, down 2%, down 3% because of the lower birth rate? What is the industry growing at or declining at?
Thomas J. Falk: If you looked at full year 2011, it was down 4%. And I would expect it to be less negative than that in 2012. So down 2% is probably a reasonable expectation.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questioners in the queue.
Paul J. Alexander: All right. Thanks, David. We'll wrap up with a closing comment from Tom.
Thomas J. Falk: Okay. Well, once again, we're not satisfied with our 2011 performance. We're going to get back on track in 2012 and have another year where we successfully implement our Global Business Plan. Thank you for your support at Kimberly-Clark.
Mark A. Buthman: Thank you.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul J. Alexander - Director of Investor Relations Mark A. Buthman - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Thomas J. Falk - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Javier Escalante - Morgan Stanley Chip Dillon - Citigroup Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Karen Lamark - Federated Investors Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S. John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Paul Alexander.
Paul J. Alexander: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Here with me in Dallas today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO; and Mike Azbell, Vice President and Controller. Here's the agenda for the call. Mark will begin with a review of our third quarter results. Tom will then provide his perspectives on our results and also the full year outlook. We'll finish with Q&A. As usual, we have a presentation of today's materials in the Investor Section of our website, which is www.kimberly-clark.com. Before we begin, let me remind you we'll be making forward-looking statements today. There can be no assurance that future events will occur as anticipated or that our results will be as estimated. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. We'll also be referring to adjusted results and outlook today, both of which exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. For further information on these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP, please see today's news release and additional information on our website. With that, I'll turn it over to Mark
Mark A. Buthman: Thanks, Paul, and good morning. I'll start with the headlines. First, we delivered organic sales growth of 4%, highlighted by 11% growth in K-C International. Second, adjusted earnings per share were $1.26, an 11% increase compared to last year. And third, cash flow remained strong as we generated approximately $0.75 billion dollars in cash provided by operations.  Now, let's cover the details of the quarter. Overall sales increased 8% to an all-time record $5.4 billion. Organic sales rose 4%, driven by higher net selling prices of 3%. Product mix and sales volumes each improved slightly. Volumes benefited from product innovation and targeted growth initiatives. However, soft demand in portions of North America and Europe largely offset these gains. Third quarter adjusted operating profit rose 8%, with an operating margin of 14.1%. Benefits from top line growth and $90 million of FORCE cost savings more than offset cost inflation of $150 million and higher than expected production curtailment to manage inventory levels. As expected, FORCE savings picked up nicely from the first half of the year, and our teams continue to push aggressively to maximize savings. Nonetheless, with year-to-date savings of $195 million, we could fall somewhat short of our target range of $300 million to $350 million of savings for the year. Third quarter adjusted earnings per share were $1.26 compared to $1.14 last year. The improvement was driven by higher operating profit, along with a lower share count and a lower effective tax rate. Given our year-to-date adjusted tax rate of 30.1%, we now expect the full year rate to be toward the low end of our target for the year of 30% to 32%. Cash provided by operations increased slightly to $750 million in the third quarter. I'm encouraged by our cash generation and expect a strong finish to the year. We repurchased 0.6 million shares of KMB stock in the quarter at a cost of $40 million. As mentioned in our news release, we've decided to accelerate an additional $260 million of pension contributions into 2011, and reduce our full year share repurchase target by the same amount. This will improve our pension-funded status nicely from current levels, and it will allow us to make much more modest contributions next year, while setting us up for a strong year of share repurchases in 2012. Now I'll highlight a few areas from our segment results for the quarter. As usual, further details are in our news release. In Personal Care, organic sales rose 5% with volumes and net selling prices each advancing about 3%. K-C International had a terrific quarter with 15% organic growth, led by strong performance in Latin America, China and South Korea. In North America, we continue to generate high single-digit to low double-digit volume growth in adult care, feminine care and baby wipes. On the other hand, volumes were down in infant and child care. The volume softness reflects category declines, competitive promotional activity, reductions at customer inventory levels in diapers and some consumer trade-down in the child care category. Personal Care operating margins of 16.6% remained below prior year. Input cost inflation, production curtailment and higher between-the-line spending were partially offset by benefits from top line growth and cost savings. Now turning to Consumer Tissue. Organic sales were off 1%. Net selling prices rose 4% in response to cost inflation and product mix was favorable by 1%. On the other hand, volumes fell 6% reflecting sheet count reductions in North America, our focus on revenue realization and strong promotion support for COTTONELLE bath tissue in the third quarter last year. Consumer Tissue operating margins improved to 12%, our best performance in 2 years that was driven by sales growth, cost savings and lower between-the-line spending. Moving to K-C Professional & Other. Organic sales rose 5%. The increase was due to improved volumes of 3% and higher net selling prices of 2%. Volumes were up mid- to high-single digits in K-C International in Europe. On the other hand, volumes were even with year-ago levels in North America, as high unemployment and office vacancy levels continue to impact market demand. Operating margins of 14.7% were similar to last year. And lastly, Health Care organic sales were up 8%, driven by higher sales volumes. Medical supply volumes rose double-digits, led by growth in surgical products and exam gloves, reflecting improved North American demand. In addition, global medical device volumes increased high single digits, including strong growth in Europe and Asia.  Operating margins of 13.8% were somewhat above last year, driven by sales growth and cost savings. So that wraps up the review of the quarter. To recap, we achieved solid organic sales growth led by K-C International. We delivered strong growth in adjusted earnings per share, and we continue to generate significant cash flow. Now I'll turn it over to Tom.
Thomas J. Falk: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll share my perspectives on our third quarter results and our full year outlook, and then we'll get to your questions as usual. So starting with the third quarter, I'm encouraged that we were able to deliver 4% growth in organic sales, and deliver double-digit growth in adjusted earnings per share. We overcame significant cost inflation, and also softer-than-expected demand in parts of the developed markets. Some of the keys to this performance was our focus on our targeted growth initiatives, our focus on revenue realization and our focus on delivering cost reduction. Let me share a few of the highlights with you in each of these 3 areas. First, we made excellent progress with our targeted growth initiatives. In North America, that's particularly true in our adult care, feminine care and baby wipes businesses. Our global health care medical device business also achieved solid volume growth in the quarter, and K-C International delivered outstanding results, led by our teams in China, South Korea and Latin America. Turning to revenue realization. We delivered 3 points of favorable net selling price in the third quarter. That's up nicely from the 1% benefit we realized in the first half of this year. Our progress in the third quarter was highlighted by success in K-C International, K-C Professional and in our North American Consumer Tissue business. So overall, our pricing initiatives are on track, with our expectations for the year. In terms of cost reduction, in addition to the FORCE savings that Mark already mentioned, we continue to make good progress controlling our overhead spending. Through the first 9 months, our total between-the-lines spending is up 2%, while our sales are up 7%. So we're on track to achieve our target to gross spending slower than sales this year in this category. Let me give you now a brief update on our market positions, which remain solid overall. In the U.S., our third quarter market shares were ahead of or even with the year-ago period in about half of our consumer businesses. On a year-to-date basis, we can make the same statement for 6 of 8 of our consumer businesses. Third quarter private label market shares were stable overall versus last year, although they did pick up modestly from second quarter levels in some categories. And while we believe this reflects the generally cautious consumer, and in some cases, we've had branded price increases that occurred ahead of private label. Outside the U.S., we continue to grow ahead of category rates in a number of markets in K-C International, including China and Latin America. In Europe, our market shares are flat to down slightly, as the environment worsened modestly there over the last 3 months. Before moving to the outlook, let me touch on a few of the innovations we launched in the third quarter. Our Huggies Little Movers Slip-On Diapers are off to a solid start in North America. Our distribution levels continue to build and slip-on achieved 4 points of market share in the most recent 4-week time period. This innovation is also performing well in a number of markets in K-C International. Our new Poise Hourglass Shape Pads are also performing well, and they achieved 3 points of market share in the quarter in the light end of the U.S. Adult Care category. And we're excited about the prospects for Kleenex Cool Touch facial tissue, which started shipping toward the end of the quarter. Now let me turn to the outlook. We expect our momentum with revenue realization and targeted growth initiatives to continue, led by K-C International, while continue to operate financial discipline, focusing on cost savings, control of overhead spending and cash generation. Key changes to our full year planning assumptions are included in this morning's news release, but here are the highlights. In terms of sales, we've taken our volume growth assumption to the low end of our 1% to 2% target range. This reflects somewhat lower expectations for portions of the develop markets, particularly in the North American infant and child care categories. In addition, as a result of the recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar, we expect less benefit from changes in currency rates in our previous plan. The weaker Mexican peso has also caused us to lower our expectations from our equity income from K-C to Mexico. On the other hand because commodity costs have moderated in some from the peak levels that we experienced this summer, we now expect about $100 million less cost inflation in 2011 than we previously estimated. So putting it altogether, we're now targeting our 2011 adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $4.80 to $4.90 per share, and that's essentially consistent with our previous guidance in July, which was that earnings were more likely to be in the lower half of our target range of $4.80 to $5.05 per share. So to summarize, despite the challenging near-term environment, our businesses continue to be fundamentally strong. We continue to deploy our strategies for the long-term success of Kimberly-Clark. And while we're not on track with all of our goals this year, we are convinced that our Global Business Plan will improve shareholder value. So that wraps up our prepared remarks, and we'll now be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Can you talk a little bit about -- I guess, just be around demand environment, I mean with some of the weakness you saw in the quarter in developed markets, more weighted towards inventory destocking that might have played out, or are you seeing changes in overall consumption pattern?
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I wouldn't say consumption pattern, we say, we still see derive from the birth rates for the diaper and training pant category, is where we saw the biggest category decline relative to our expectations. And so, it's partly, the birthrate's been down for 3 years. That's starting to flow into the child care category. As you've got 3 years of low birth rate now in toilet training. So that one probably had the biggest volume hit relative to expectations. And a little bit of inventory destocking was a part of it. And I think that's just customers trying to run their working capital tight as you'd expect in this environment.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And can you talk a little bit about the improvement you saw in the U.S. paper towels? Is that basically back where you think it should be or is there incremental recovery yet to come?
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I think we're executing better. We've got some of distribution back, and both Viva and Scott towels had decent volume growth there. So I think we're overall happy with the progress we're seeing, and bouncing back from what were kind of historic low share periods for us.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just on inflation, your rising cost of these went out sequentially or would you expect to see some relief in the fourth quarter or are they still increasing?
Thomas J. Falk: No. We think they peaked in the early third quarter, so we'd expect to see a little bit of benefit in the fourth quarter. But I will say that they are stickier coming down it seems than you would expect, given how oil has performed.
Paul J. Alexander: And Gail, this is Paul. I would just add even though they are coming down sequentially, they still will be up year-on-year in the fourth quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just a couple of things. One, you started to answer the question I think last, but it was struck by how volumes were really quite, quite tough [ph] actually in the adult markets. And of course, there are some birthrate issues and sheet reduction, inventory reduction, et cetera. But there is does seem to be this, intentional or not, I don't know, but a little bit more a subdued view of demand in the release. And I'm just trying to get a sense from you about, are you seeing that flatten, get worse? See things getting a little bit better? And I ask [ph] that question or I asked that question also in the context of you raising prices rather significantly, if there's any risk to some of those price increases as you go forward, given the volume response?
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I guess a couple of things. We took the overall volume number in our guidance down to the low end of the range, so we said we were 1 to 2. It's going to be closer to 1 for the year, which is really where we think it's playing out. I'd say the de-sheeting effect, we expected that's -- our shares are fine in bath tissue, which is where most of the de-sheeting occurred and trends in facial tissue are positive there. So that one is playing out about as we would've expected. I'd say the diaper training pant category is one that just continues to be a little softer. Our insight is that, we're not seeing it in terms of diaper usage per day. It's really -- it's just in some cases, moms delaying toilet training or even training out of diapers, is hurting the child care category, the low birthrate continues to be lower than was forecast early in the year. And so, you're just not having as many new moms enter the category.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I guess, one of the second part of the question in terms of, are you still comfortable with taking the pricing you're taking, you're planning to take, have taken, given the volume response that you've seen?
Thomas J. Falk: Well, in the diaper category, there really hasn't been any pricing in the category. In fact, pricing was negative in the quarter. So I would say, the weakness in the category is not related to price change. In the Consumer Tissue, the pricing is beginning to be put in place in the marketplace, and I think the volume response is about what you'd expect, so.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: But in PC, you plan to take pricing, it gets pushed off now, it's supposed to be October, is that happening?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: It is happening?
Thomas J. Falk: A lot of this is by account. So the account changes will start to roll to the shelf in the fourth quarter.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So maybe more volume hit on that business or not?
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I think that potentially, you'll see some volume softness just because customers typically order a consistent number of cases, and if there's -- with an account change, you're going to have fewer diapers per case. So you typically have little bit of an inventory impact when the account change goes into the marketplace. The category tends to be a little softer than we're expecting, and that's factored into our adjusted guidance.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And then one question that's sort of a recurring theme, zeroing in on Europe and Consumer Tissue specifically, can you talk a little bit about that business, and how it strategically fits in your portfolio at this point?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean, yes, it's -- we've got leading brand shares in Europe in bath tissue. We've got a strong facial tissue business in Europe as well. It's got margins that are probably a little below the segment average, but consistently profitable. And the challenge in Europe has been the growth in private label, and actually encouragingly, our shares were relatively stable this quarter and private label was stable as well. I think the challenge has been getting any real price recovery there with the run-up in fiber costs has not been easy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you could take a longer-term view on what this decline in birthrates means in the Western countries, as you look at to 2012 through 2015. How much do you know about the volume impact, just from pure demographics? And I guess, there's a flip side of it, in countries like throughout Latin America or Asia. How much do you know again, about the tailwind from birthrates?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I'd say a couple of things. If you look at a global trend, birthrates have been coming down for a while. I mean, Europe is probably been the lowest. But even in China, with the golden baby policies there, you have a fairly low birthrate in Korea. Probably it would be that some of the highest birthrates in the world would tend to be in Africa and in parts of Latin America. And so obviously, our business in Latin America has benefited from that. In the U.S., we'd say the things that typically are going to drive birthrate are household formation, employment, those kinds of things. And obviously, with a weaker economy in the near term, I'd say the category is probably going to be a little softer in 2012 than our prior long-range forecast would've indicated.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And are there ways to counter that? I mean, how much innovation are you looking at, that can target that? Does it come with lower price product? Does it come with breakthrough product? How are you thinking about that declining global rate?
Thomas J. Falk: Well, yes, I mean, absolutely, as you go into emerging markets, you're still seeing used category penetration. And so you saw that in our K-C International growth this year. So for example, where we're today selling diapers, but we don't have a very well-developed wipes [ph] business, we don't have a very well-developed Little Swimmers business, we still got opportunities to launch diaper pants or training pants to move the category up mix. Those are all things that we're looking at, as those consumer incomes develop that they want the best for their baby and they'll buy a broader range of those products. Those categories are more fully penetrated in North America. So it's looking for, whether there are other things that we can do like launch Huggies Slip-On Diapers that we did in the third quarter to again, move Mom to a better mix and a better performing product.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Right. So as you think about -- I think you said China, Latin America and Korea were the highlights internationally, is this correct?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And what happened in Mexico though, that seems a little different from the rest of Lat Am?
Thomas J. Falk: Mexico had mid-single-digit volume growth, stable shares. Really they got hit more with commodity costs and some foreign exchange issues as their U.S. dollar payables, they suffered a loss on that as the peso devalued at the end of the quarter. But their fundamental volumes in shares are solid in Mexico.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Gere with RBC Capital.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just a question on the growth in KCI. So I mean, it looked like a good chunk of that was on the pricing side. I mean -- and regards to the Personal Care business, the pricing that you took, how much of that was for commodity? How much for currency? And just with some of the major currencies, such as the peso and the real, obviously starting to turn. Just your comfort level as you go into 2012 that, that pricing is kind of hold.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I mean, I think each of our countries has a strategy to maximize their local currency net income. So they're looking at their business from the perspective of a local currency point of view. So if their commodity costs and local currency terms are going up, they're going to look at pricing to pass that through. They're not necessarily trying to deliver a dollar result, that they take pricing because of translation. So as you think about it, really most of the pricing was result of commodity input going up.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. That's good. And then just thinking about gross margin, I guess it's a two-part question, one, obviously, it's good to see the inflation especially in the pulp side coming down. I guess the first question is, as you exit the year, do you expect to see any gross margins to be kind of flat? I mean, obviously, I think the curtailment -- production curtailment had a bigger impact in the third quarter, that kind of weighed down on your prior guidance. But I guess the first part is, as you look for a nice modest increase in gross margins exiting the year. And then secondly, when you think about 2012, it kind of has the same dynamics as 2009, where FX was kind of turned the other way, commodities are improving, pension it's going to be a little bit of a headwind, and you have some good cost savings. The magnitude that you saw back in '09 was tremendous, but of course, pulp was down 20%-plus year-over-year. And just I guess, I was wondering if you kind of give a little bit of color about 2012, and how you see just the gross margin progression going fourth quarter, and maybe into next year.
Thomas J. Falk: Good questions. If you think about the sequential changes in gross margin in the fourth quarter, pricing should be a positive, because we'll get more pricing flowing through from our North America baby Child Care businesses. Commodities should be a positive sequentially. Still, the pressure year-on-year in many areas. Currency will be a drag, because you'll have some exchange rates that have gone the wrong direction. And downtime sequentially, should be similar to slightly positive. So I think that one we'll have to see where the volumes actually come out. So on balance, I'd say should be more positive than the negatives moving from third quarter to fourth quarter. As we look at 2012, and we're still -- there's a lot of moving parts, so it seems like more than ever, looking at what's the trade-off of currency headwinds versus commodity tailwinds and how that's going to play out. But we'll give you more color in January, but our goal is to deliver a 2012 plan that achieves our Global Business Plan goals and has the kind of top line and operating improvement and earnings per share improvement that we're looking for.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: But directionally, am I on the right path in terms of that you should see gross margins start to sequentially improve in 2012? I'm not talking about -- I mean you just point it, yes, you're right I think it's a little premature to talk about the...
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I don't think it would be the '09 kind of a windfall, though, I think. But yes, directionally it should improve.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just one last question, I'm just wondering on -- just on FORCE. I'm just thinking about that you're saying it's going to be shy of the 300 to 350. I mean, so does that mean it's not going to -- it's going to be below 300 or it's going to be the low end? And I guess the question is, last quarter, you guys raised it, so what kind of delayed some of those savings that you thought you would've gotten this year? Or is this just kind of plan to kind of have more in store for next year and just not kind of rush it?
Thomas J. Falk: No. I mean it's not like FORCE is a bank account that we can take it out as easily. But I think it really has more to do with there's a little bit more downtime than we thought. When you're not running your process as full, you can't push as many cost savings through that pipe that go along with it. So that's probably the biggest single effect. And so I think we got $195 million in the bank through 3 quarters, so we'd need an all-time record fourth quarter to get to the low end of the range. So there's a risk that we'll be below the low end of the range. But we'd certainly expect us to keep our foot on the gas of delivering as many cost savings, because when we deliver those, usually you've got benefits that spill on the 2012 as well. So our team is focused on delivering as much as they can this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Ferrara with Bank of America.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So the FX translation for next year, for 2012, even Q4, can you just talk about what you expect the impact to be on the bottom line relative to the top line, right, obviously you guys have transaction dragging some markets, but can you just talk about what that effect might be, right? If you see a couple of points on the top line, what would the bottom line coincident effect be?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean, it's from a translation standpoint, it's fairly linear. So you'll see that same kind of a drag on the bottom line. Transactions were partially hedged. We usually hedge about half of our transaction exposure, so there's more of a lag before that flows through earnings.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So you would, but you would expect the bottom line impact to be bigger than the top line impact right? When you put it all together, not just translation, translation in general [ph].
Thomas J. Falk: Yes.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And any order of magnitude that you can talk about? And I know we've seen in the past, it's been pretty variable, right? Is there any kind of a relationship that you guys can talk to?
Thomas J. Falk: No. I mean, it's such a complicated question because it really depends on where the exchange rate happens. And you're seeing such wild swings in the last 4 weeks of the quarter. I think we'll give you a better outlook when we get to 2012. Typically, the big currencies for us, the euro is important, the Mexican peso is important, the A dollar is important, the Korean won is important, the Brazilian real is becoming increasingly important. Most of those have weakened at least mid-single digits to double digits in the last 4 weeks. And we'll see what happens between now and the end of the year.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And on marketing research, general administrative, right. I mean, I know you guys have talked about cutting costs out of there, and it's been a little bit volatile the last couple of years as a percentage of sales. But can you just talk a little bit about what you think that relationship should be like going forward or what the year-on-year change can be as you think about next year? Are we going to see leverage to the SG&A line essentially as you move into 2012?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I think as you look at how we think about it, we want to be able to invest more in strategic marketing to fund innovation. And so you're going to see that part of it with upward pressure, and us wanting to invest more or where we can to go faster and deliver more growth to the market. In our KCP and Health Care business, the selling line is their advertising promotion lever, so we're going to be investing more sellers and driving our safety business, driving our medical device business. Our G&A line is where we're trying to get efficiency, and so are trying to run that and grow that at a slower rate than sales. So if you looked at just SG&A and not include strategic marketing, our goal would be for that overall to grow a little slower than sales. But you would have more upward pressure on sales than downward pressure on G&A, if that makes sense.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Schmitz with Kimberly-Clark.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just on a Personal Care margin front, can you just kind of give us again what's driving that? I mean, how much of it is a slowdown in the training pants business, which is much higher margin? And how much of that is just like the geographic business mix, where some of the lower margin markets are growing faster?
Thomas J. Falk: No. I'd say it's a couple of things. I mean, a, we're still seeing higher commodity cost, so Personal Care took more about of the brunt of inflation this quarter as really pulp was actually slightly positive for the family care segment, and all of the fiber cost increase in the quarter fell in K-C Professional, which is really secondary fiber. And so Personal Care had the brunt of the inflation this quarter, and really had no positive price to speak of in the develop markets. We got some in the emerging markets, but not as much in the develop markets. And then the weaker volume in North American Diapers and Training Pants was obviously higher than segment average. So that was a drag on the margins as well in the quarter.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, so it sounds like one is kind of temporary, and one is just contingent on what volume growth does, is that fair?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean, I think we'll start to get price in the fourth quarter, so that will help. You get a little bit of commodity improvement sequentially in the fourth quarter, which will help. And then, obviously, you need to look for stronger volume growth in those categories over time.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And then how correlated are FORCE savings to commodity costs? I mean that like when commodities are higher, is FORCE easier to generate than when commodities are rolling over?
Thomas J. Falk: I'd say, we look at our procurement team, for example, looks at savings in 4 buckets. They look at year-on-year cost savings. They look at cost avoidance, where everyone else in the industry got an increase and we didn't. They look at working capital savings, and then savings on capital spending. And so in rising price environments, you tend to find more cost avoidance and a little bit less year-on-year. And so in falling price environments or neutral price environments, you tend to find more year-on-year cost savings, but I think that's at the margin you're still looking for lots of year-on-year cost savings from that team. I think for us, for this year, we got more FORCE out of our lean activity, where we're driving waste and efficiency and productivity growth. And that's been a positive for us as well.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And then one last one, if I could. You said there was some trade de-stocking on the Personal Care side. It's kind of unusual to see de-stocking ahead of price increase. So can you just give us a little bit more color on what's going on there?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, the price increase is via account, I think you're just finding, at the end of every month, retailers are managing their balance sheet. Everybody's got working capital objectives, just like we do and you are seeing a little tighter working capital phenomena from a couple of key retailers, and we saw that more pronounced this quarter than we've seen in a while.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Is that a category thing or is it a brand thing?
Thomas J. Falk: I think we saw it more in Personal Care this particular quarter than we did in tissue.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. But is it the Personal Care category or is it Huggies versus Pampers? I mean, what -- it wasn't just related [ph] to Kimberly?
Thomas J. Falk: No, no. It was the category.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Faucher with JP Morgan.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And just a quick question. Obviously, you said, this isn't 2009, and we're not looking at the type of sequential falloff in commodity costs that we saw back then. But there's always a question of okay, when does the sequential fall off and commodities turn into sort risk to pricing? And so, can you talk a little bit about that conceptually, in terms of the rationale behavior and the category, how you see the competitors thinking about things. And what -- where is it get to the point where we should say okay, the sequential fall off could lead to higher levels of discounting, in terms of people looking to give some of that back?
Thomas J. Falk: Good questions. If you kind of go back 6 months, which is about where we were when we made a lot of the pricing announcements. Commodities have run up quite a ways, past where we were then. And so I think, as we would look at it, we'd say yes, commodities have come back a little bit, but they're still at higher levels than we were -- than they were, when we announced the price increases. So we would say the price increases in the marketplace that we've announced are still appropriate and justified by the commodity input cost. We'll still have year-on-year cost increases in the fourth quarter, for example. And we'd play that through. So I assume our other competitors in the marketplace are seeing the same things, and so at this point, we'll see how it plays out in the marketplace, and whether private label moves and all those kind of things.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So it sounds like we almost probably need to look at this in terms of the rationality of pricing, not just on sort of a sequential or even a year-over-year basis, but sort of more like a peak to trough.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, that makes sense.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: At the level, is that a right way to look at it?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. But I think at this point, based on what we see, it's hard to imagine commodities falling enough, that you'd have an impact on market pricing, but it's -- there's a pretty volatile world we live in some days.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon with the Vertical Research Partners.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: First question is on the pension situation. Could you just let us know, you're upping the amount you're putting into it. How much of the $680 million to $760 million have you done through the 9 months? And is there, should we expect the share -- it looks like you're not going to buy back stock in the fourth quarter. Would you have an early look as to how you think about that next year?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, what we -- what our thinking on that, and then maybe Mark can add a little color, too, is that the big issue on the pension plan for us is more as you look at what's happened to the discount rate. We made actually good progress this year, we put a little over $400 million in the plans already. We've actually had better than our then benchmark performance. But when you compare that to what's happened to the liability because of the drop in long-term interest rates, we basically gone backwards on our funded status. And so we've got some internal goals that we want to hit in terms of funded status. And so we made the call that we would go ahead and accelerate some of our 2012 pension contribution into this year, and we'll probably then do a little bit heavier than normal stock buyback next year, and kind of flip-flop those. But Mark, I don't know if you want to add anything to that?
Mark A. Buthman: Yes, I think directionally, that's right. We knew coming into this year, we're going to be heavier on share purchases, maybe than we have typically done. We're going to be more front-end loaded. We've accomplished that. We're generating plenty of cash flow, and which gives us some options. And just given where pension-funded status was relative to our target, decided to shift that a little bit. You should think about it as an acceleration of next year's and that frees up cash to buy back shares in 2012.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, one of the downsides of low interest rates, is that everybody's pension plans sprung a leak. So it's got to be filled up with more cash.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Got you. And let's say rates stay roughly where they are, and your assets stay where they are now in the plans, do you think, I know last year, you ended the year about $1.1 billion in your plans underfunded. Would you be in that neighborhood with this or might you improve on that? And secondly, I know in 2010, your pension expense, I'm not sure what it's been this year, was it was $133 million looking at your K, did you see a big change from '11 to '12, given that you're putting this funding in?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I mean, I would guess that when putting this additional funding in, our funded status would improve slightly on the plan.
Mark A. Buthman: It's about, think of it as $260 million relative to that 1.1, Chip, that's about 25% of our global GAAP.
Thomas J. Falk: So we would -- while our funded status has fallen off, this will top that up and then some. And then as you -- as one of the things that we did by freezing our DB Plan, we're less sensitive now to volatility in our pension expense going forward, because we'll be amortizing any actuarial gains and losses over the remaining physical life of employees, not their service life. So there's some -- we'll see less volatility next year. We'll give you more color on what our pension expense assumptions are in 2012. But I don't think it's going to be as big a swing as you might have seen in prior years.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Okay. And then a couple of small items. One is, it looks like you talked about your ad spend going up this quarter. Can you just give us a flavor as to will this level sort of be maintained? And then on a different note, if you just would talk a little bit about the other income line, $17 million positive, it's certainly bigger than normal. Is that something that's new? Or was it sort of a onetime just puts and takes happen to end up there, and it should go back more or less to 0 in the future?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. On the ad spend, I mean, we were up a little bit year-over-year, but as a percent of sales, we're not, we're down. So our expectation is over long term, I think you'd still want to see us growing that line a little faster than sales growth. And so that's still an opportunity area for us, as you look at 2012 and longer forecasting, we'd tend to want to invest more there if we could. So I'd say yes, that one's got more upward pressure. On the other income expense, we had currencies, the small currency transaction gains this time versus losses last year. And then we had a sale of a small asset in South America that had a gain on it that was the other factor, but that would not be something that you'd repeat.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: And then lastly, the FORCE issue this year being a challenge, it looks like you picked up a bit at least in the third quarter from the first half pace [ph]. But would you say that's mostly due to the volume challenges and you can't run as well, or was it that you just didn't you don't feel you'll be able to tackle all the programs you might have had early in the year?
Thomas J. Falk: No. I think it's more of the former. But as you take curtailment, and you're not running as -- running your process as much, you don't get the benefits of the cost savings that were inherent in the cost savings program. So I think our teams are aggressively looking at delivering another very solid year from a FORCE standpoint, but because of the weaker volume, we're not going to get quite as much through the pipe as we would've thought.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays Capital.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just on Consumer Tissue, I know you mentioned a couple of times that the de-sheeting you would expect the volume decline seemed sort of in line. So when you look from here though, can you just remind me how long the lag is to where kind of volume or just normal consumption catches up with that kind of de-sheeting activity?
Thomas J. Falk: I mean, I think that until you annualize the de-sheeting activity, you'll have a volume drag from de-sheeting relative to your comps. So we look at dollars share and would say on a dollar share basis, we're essentially on track with where we thought we'd be. We're probably watching more competitive promotion pricing across multiple outlets and it's a little choppy right now. Some places it's moved up, some places it hasn't. So that's probably the biggest thing we're watching in the marketplace right now.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess, the 4 points of pricing with a 6-point volume drag does actually seem a lot more severe in terms of the volume impact than was the case at any time in the last 6, 7 years when you price. So should pricing accelerate from here and the volume -- is your expectation of volume remains kind of similarly challenged and pricing accelerates? Or does it in fact feel like the elasticity is worse than it was this time around 3 years ago?
Thomas J. Falk: I think in some cases the de-sheeting was a little bigger than maybe we've done in prior years, because in part because of some of the commodity cost run-up. But I think we've got most of the price in the marketplace as we speak on Consumer Tissue, They're may be a little bit more that comes internationally, but there's not going to be anymore plans at this point in time in North America.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So if you'll maybe the missing piece of the puzzle then is adding in the margin improvement, that it's not just about the top line, it's the profitability of every roll sold, is that much better right now?
Thomas J. Falk: That's right.
Mark A. Buthman: Yes.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then on the inventory -- actually, sorry, on curtailment, is there a way for you guys to sort of manage curtailment better. I mean with better forecasting, because it doesn't sound like [indiscernible] it's tissue demand in Europe, but it's North America, birthrate challenges continue, should that really be much of a surprise at this point that we're still looking at curtailment being a 50-basis point drag in a given quarter? It just feels like to me, it's maybe something where you should be adjusting your production well in advance than needing to make this kind of adjustment?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I guess I'll interpret it, we're more disciplined about hitting target inventory levels and not running up inventories. Inventory historically is the slack variable, and if you miss your sales forecast, you just ran your inventory up. We're more disciplined now about taking the downtime in the quarter, as you realize you're off track from a sales forecast, you shut the process and don 't build the inventory. And so as a result, you're seeing more real-time impact from curtailment than maybe we would've seen several years ago. And I think you're seeing that throughout the extended supply chain. I think you're seeing retailers adjust inventory levels quicker, if they're not seeing foot traffic than they would. And so the reality is in most cases, you own the asset at this point. So you can't -- if you can't do anything else other than curtail it, if you've got a demand shortfall.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: But is there room or as you look over the next 12 to 24 months, to be more anticipatory in terms of demand levels in child care and infant care in North America?
Thomas J. Falk: So I mean, we haven't added a diaper machine or a training pant in North America in a long time, so we have kind of what we have. And we think we will need it as we drive innovation and continue to grow the business. Those would probably have a bigger impact on us, as we move internationally and have had more productivity growth, we've been able to actually sequence our capital better and probably do a better job of planning our international production capacity to a larger extent than we've maybe done previously.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Because the margins in Personal Care, I know you've walked through the Personal Care feeling the brunt of the cost inflation this quarter and the timing on pricing. But is the margin performance in that business this year has been pretty notable, right? And going back to the first quarter, you guys talked about some onetime items in the quarter in addition to lack of price in commodity cost inflation and expecting to get better as the year progressed, so is there anything else? It feels a little bit like something's missing to be looking at 16.5% margins at a business that typically run 20% to 21%. It just had a very sudden change in profitability profile in the last 9 months.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean, there's no question. When you say notable, we've noticed that as well. And so no one's satisfied with where the Personal Care margins are. So we are going to get more price in North America in the fourth quarter, that will help. We should see some sequential commodity improvement that will help. And in the meantime, we're going to keep the innovation coming to continue to drive the business forward. So we've had good success in lots of areas like Adult Care, Feminine Care that are positives, but we got to show it with growth and margin over time.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. The slip-on diaper, I'm guessing, do we -- how far does that need to go in terms of share for it to be a mix positive, strong enough to offset some of the -- sorry, the negative mix dynamics from Child Care? Because Child Care is such a big business that's probably going to win for a while.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I know, I think that the drag on Child Care category is going to be a bigger impact than slip-on can overcome, that's for sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante - Morgan Stanley: I think that the question probably would be better for Mark. It has to do with the gross margin progression that you are guiding to for the fourth quarter versus the lack of improvement in gross margin in the third quarter. What I see is that we didn't see a sequential improvement in the third quarter in a espy [ph] that commodities improved, right? You have 150 pressure versus 180 in the last quarter. You have 3 points of pricing in the third quarter versus 1 point of pricing in the second quarter, and you have $90 million in FORCE savings in the third quarter versus $50 million in the second quarter. So all of these 3 items should add up to margin progression to see some improvement in gross margin, and yet something held back this improvement. So could you tell us what held back the gross margin progression in the third quarter that is going to be changing in the fourth quarter so we will see these items benefiting the gross margin line?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean, I'll start and I'll let Mark give you kind of the color commentary. If you look at sequentially, you'd say, okay, pricing is going to be better in fourth quarter versus third quarter. Commodity costs could be a little bit better fourth quarter versus third quarter. Still higher than last year but should be sequentially better. Currency will be a drag and so that will partially offset those. And then downtime, at this point, our guidance would say that it should be slightly positive. So not as negative as third quarter. And then part that was last year's fourth quarter, had a bigger drag from downtime. So we'll be lapping that from a comp standpoint. But, Mark, if you want to give them any other color to that.
Mark A. Buthman: Yes. Javier, I think third quarter volumes were lighter than we expected. Other than that, Tom's review of the bidding is about right. We want better pricing, slightly better commodities, currency will go the other way, downtime will be about the same.
Javier Escalante - Morgan Stanley: So just to clarify, right, we had all those improvements already in the third quarter relative to the second quarter. So basically, we didn't see the margin improvement. So my understanding then is that the swing factor fought off to see the margin improvement that you're guiding to, is at volume, either curtailment or whatever have you is going to be better than it was in the third quarter. That is going to make the difference for us to see the sequential improvement that you are guiding to.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I guess, I said, Javier, in some cases commodity costs peaked in the third quarter. So for example, secondary fiber was at its peak in the third quarter and the Personal Care pricing and baby child care is going to come in the fourth quarter, so we'll have more price in the fourth quarter than the third from some of those businesses. So I do think that the story for the fourth quarter is a little different than the third quarter.
Javier Escalante - Morgan Stanley: Yes, but if you -- I mean, just not to beat this horse to death, but you have $30 million lower commodities, you have around $100 million better in revenues because of pricing, and you have $40 million better in FORCE savings in the third quarter, and yet gross margins were similar to what we saw in the second quarter. So the question is, what is holding back the improvement in the third quarter relative to the second quarter that is going to change in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter?
Paul J. Alexander: I think, Javier, we've tried to explain the key moving pieces both in the news release and the remarks. And Tom's color about the fourth quarter of the key changes sequentially, are just what he said, which is commodity costs coming down somewhat, a bit more pricing and a fair amount of those 2 things are offset by currency. So we do believe that sequentially, that our gross margins will pick up from third quarter levels and we'll come back to you at the end of the year and tell you how we did.
Javier Escalante - Morgan Stanley: And of the $100 million lower raw material costs that you are forecasting for 2011, how much of it was already accretive in this fourth -- in the third quarter? And if you can tell us what is, what kind of pulp prices are you assuming for the Q4? And that will be my last question.
Mark A. Buthman: Yes. Most of the $100 million change in inflation will come in the fourth quarter, and in terms of pulp pricing for the fourth quarter, we're assuming between $9.35 and $9.50 for northern softwood.
Operator: Our next question comes from Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital Markets.
Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I just have a few questions. Given the downtime and the curtailment you've taken and slowing birthrates almost worldwide, what is your capacity utilization in diapers and training pants? And do you think that your plans and your production lines are in the right location, as you look 3 to 5 years out for where growth is slowing and for where it's really picking up?
Thomas J. Falk: As you saw in the quarter from K-C International, we still got a huge growth story. So you got a great category penetration opportunity in the International markets that's far outweighing the impact of a slow birthrate. And so, it's taking a mom from using 1 diaper per day to using 5 diapers a day, as they would in developed markets is a big, big deal. And so we're still adding capacity in, for both diapers and pants, as well as fem care as well as adult care in our international markets consistently. And so that trend will play out for a number of years to come. In North America, it's -- I'd say we're -- we've got some additional capacity, but we've also got a pretty aggressive innovation agenda. And so I think, we've got some slight additional capacity, but nothing that I would say that I'm particularly worried about at this point in time.
Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. What's the outlook for the Santa Diaper and how would you compare it to the blue jean diaper?
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I think fashion is something we continue to believe is a big idea. Being first, being innovative, being different, being relevant is key. So we're excited about it, and we'll see what Mom feels about it when it gets to the marketplace.
Operator: The next question comes from Karen Lamark with Federated Investors.
Karen Lamark - Federated Investors: I just wanted to follow up on Lauren's questions about day production curtailment, and the first thing I wanted to know is, how much of it is a function of your own forecasting versus say, retailer actions?
Thomas J. Falk: Well, they're sort of related, so we can certainly do a better job of forecasting, and so that's part of it. But it's also sometimes, where a retailer decides they're going to bring inventories down at the end of the quarter. You can only react to that. So yes, you wish you knew about it earlier. You could have planned better, you would have forecasted better. But I think that's a challenge for our teams, is that we can do a better job of forecasting the business so that we can run our supply chain as efficiently with as low inventory as possible.
Mark A. Buthman: I think the good news is, we've got better capabilities to do that than we ever had before. And what you're seeing as inventories continue to cross the enterprise to come down, and faster reaction time on our part when we do miss a demand plan.
Karen Lamark - Federated Investors: Okay. And then also, are the curtailments meaningful beyond sort of the baby, Personal Care category? Are there any other categories that are showing signs of the need for production cuts?
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, it was predominately concentrated in Personal Care and Consumer Tissue. Basically health care and K-C Professional, there wasn't much curtailment in the quarter. And so, we're a little light on Scott tissue relative to expectations, and took some time out of the schedule from that standpoint. But nothing out of the ordinary from how we'd run it quarter-to-quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just a question about how we should be thinking about marketing investment, in CT in particular. It looks like I see in this quarter is down, actually we've even on this call, have had debates about the ROI on marketing investments in Consumer Tissue, specifically, have your thought process changed at all about that, the ROI your getting by marketing spend there in this environment or even broader longer-term?
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I mean, I think we continue to get better at measuring ROI and allocating spend. And I'd tell you, actually some of our highest ROI events in the company have been in Kleenex facial tissue. So we measure it, we look at it across the portfolio and look to see what's the right vehicle. We're doing a better job of being creative and channel agnostic in terms of how we bring those to market. But we'd say particularly for the premium end of the category, things that we've done with the Mike Rowe campaign on Viva has responded positively to the sales growth you've seen in our towel business. Our Kleenex facial tissue activities that we've had going have had a high return, and COTTONELLE is a pretty high margin category, so there's some responsiveness there. So we do track it and make intelligent investment decisions.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: But we should expect on CT particularly, marketing spending to continue to go up as a percent of sales?
Thomas J. Falk: I would say, yes. But we'd look, probably for more opportunities to drive adult care, drive fem care, drive baby child care around the world. If you look at the big picture, Consumer Tissue is probably going to be more a North American story. I think the other markets around the world is going to be a little bit spottier in terms of where those opportunities are.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So given that though, and the kind of beneficial ROI you're getting, shouldn't we be concerned that it is down this quarter?
Thomas J. Falk: I think it's more a function of what your cycle of investment is, and so the fact that we launched Cool Touch at the end of the quarter, you're going to see a little heavier push on that in the fourth quarter. As we were going through a pricing cycle, you tend to wind up not as much on promotion with some retailers, until you get your new prices established, and so you often want to couple strategic investment with trade execution. If you're not going to get the trade execution, you'd pull back a little bit. So I wouldn't read too much into it, it's more a function of timing of innovation than anything else.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Just a quick follow-up, as you all have grown overseas, I just wanted to get an update on your sort of exposure to 2 raw materials, one would be waste paper and the other one the pulp. The last I had was like $2.5 million for pulp, and $900,000 for waste paper annually.
Thomas J. Falk: I think the pulp number is pretty close. The waste paper number is more like $1.2 million, so.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Basically, all you're buying would be kind of the pulp substitute-type grades, the bleached kind of collections.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I mean, you're looking for a higher-quality wastepaper, if that's not an oxymoron. But kind of an office waste kind of a grade, as opposed to the really cheap stuff.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Got you. And then, just another quick one. On the charge in the fourth quarter -- sorry, the third quarter for the pulp and tissue, I would assume about $80 million of it was in depreciation. I don't know if you gave that somewhere, but is that about right?
Thomas J. Falk: I don't know that we gave that level of detail, but the team's looking through that. It's basically the things tracking with our plan there. They're giving me smiley faces, so it sounds like you're in the ballpark with the $80 million, so.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions in the queue.
Paul J. Alexander: All right, thanks, David. We appreciate the questions. And we'll just finish with a closing comment from Tom.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, once again, we're tracking, executing our Global Business Plan. We're pleased with the progress we made in the quarter, but not satisfied, and we appreciate your support of Kimberly-Clark. Thanks very much.
Mark A. Buthman: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's presentation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas Falk - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee Mark Buthman - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Paul Alexander - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Javier Escalante - Weeden & Co., LP Chip Dillon - Citigroup John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Michael Lavery - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets Per Ostlund - Jefferies & Company, Inc. William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc Linda Weiser - Caris & Company Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to introduce today's first speaker, Mr. Paul Alexander.
Paul Alexander: Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Here today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO; and Mike Azbell, Vice President and Controller.  Here's the agenda for our call. Mark will begin with a review of our second quarter results. Tom will then provide his perspective on our results and discuss our full year 2011 outlook, and we'll finish with Q&A.  As usual, we have a presentation of today's materials in the Investor Section of our website, which is www.kimberly-clark.com. Now before we begin, let me remind you that we will be making forward-looking statements today. There can be no assurance that future events will occur as anticipated or that our results will be as estimated. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. I'd also like to point out that we will be referring to adjusted results and outlook today, both of which exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. For further information on these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP, please see today's news release and additional information on our website.  Now, I'll turn it over to Mark.
Mark Buthman: Thanks, Paul, and good morning. Let's start with a few headlines. First, we delivered organic sales growth of 3% highlighted by 8% growth in K-C International. Second, cash flow was strong and improved both year-over-year and sequentially from the first quarter. And third, we continue to focus on the right near-term actions to offset cost inflation, raising selling prices, delivering strong cost savings and reducing our overhead spending.  Now let's cover the details of the quarter. Overall, sales increased 8% to an all-time record $5.3 billion. Organic sales rose 3% on track with our full-year plan, sales volumes improved 2% while net selling prices were up 1 point. Volumes benefited from innovation and our targeted growth initiatives, although category demand remained soft in parts of North America. Second quarter adjusted operating profit rose 1%, with an operating margin of 13.6%. Performance benefited from topline growth and $45 million of FORCE cost savings, that was negatively impacted by input cost inflation of $180 million. That brings year-to-date cost inflation to $375 million, which is significantly higher than our previous plans.  Let me spend a few minutes on the cost environment. Cost for many of our oil-based materials have continued to rise, even though oil prices have moderated over the last 3 months. That's true for polymer resin, super absorbent, adhesives and other packaging materials. Costs have been impacted by tight supply for raw materials used in our production and strong global demand, particularly in China. As a result, we've raised our cost inflation assumption for the second consecutive quarter. For the full year, we now expect cost inflation of $650 million to $750 million, which is higher than our previous plan by $200 million. That's an incremental headwind of about $0.35 per share. Nonetheless, despite the pickup in cost inflation, we're maintaining our previous guidance for adjusted earnings for the year. Tom will talk more about that in a few minutes. We're also encouraged that market pulp prices are decreasing by -- in July by $20 to $30 per metric ton. That's included in our plan.  Now turning back to our second quarter results. Second quarter adjusted earnings per share were $1.18, compared to a $1.20 last year and benefited from a lower share count. Meanwhile, a higher adjusted effective tax rate reduced our earnings by $0.07 per share in the quarter.  Cash provided by operations increased 31% to $771 million, driven by lower working capital. As expected, cash generation also improved significantly versus the first quarter. I expect our cash flow in the second half of the year to be up nicely compared to the first half, as our earnings grow and nearly all of our pension plan contributions are behind us. We repurchased 5.3 million shares of KMB stock in the quarter at a cost of about $350 million. We're on track to execute our $1.5 billion share repurchase plans for 2011.  Now, I'll highlight a few areas of our segment results for the quarter and as usual, further details are in this morning's news release. In Personal Care, organic sales rose 3%. Sales volumes improved 2% and net selling prices were up 1%. We delivered high single-digit volume growth in K-C International outside of Venezuela, and adult care and baby wipes in North America. On the other hand, volumes fell significantly in Venezuela, and baby and child care volumes in North America reflect continued soft category demand along with a modest decline in market share compared to strong year-ago levels.  Personal Care operating margins of 17.1% were below prior year, as price increases in K-C International and cost savings were more than offset by input cost inflation. Turning to Consumer Tissue. Organic sales grew 4%, and selling prices were up 2% led by cost-driven price increases in K-C International, and our mix improved slightly. Sales volumes increased 1% as gains in bathroom tissue and Kleenex facial tissue in North America fueled by innovation and share gains were partially offset by declines elsewhere. Operating margins of 10.4% improved both sequentially and versus the prior year.  Moving to K-C Professional & Other, organic sales increased 1%. Net selling prices were up 2% in response to commodity cost increases, while sales volumes fell 1%. Volumes in North American Safety and total KCP in Europe both declined compared to double-digit increases in the prior year. On the other hand, volumes were up mid-single digits in K-C International and high-margin wipers in North America. Operating margins of 15.2% were down year-on-year but remain solid and picked up nicely sequentially.  Lastly, Health Care organic sales were up 11%, driven by higher sales volumes of 10%. Volumes of high-margin medical devices were up high single-digits in North America, including strong growth from I-Flow. Supply volumes grew double-digits and benefited from improved category demand in North America, along with some distributor and end-user inventory reductions in the year-ago period. Operating margins were above prior year levels as sales growth in cost savings more than offset cost inflation.  So that wraps up the review of the quarter. To recap, we achieved organic sales growth consistent with our plan led by K-C International, delivered strong cash flow and we continue to take aggressive actions to offset commodity inflation.  Now I'll turn it over to Tom.
Thomas Falk: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll share my perspectives in our second quarter results and our full-year outlook, and then we'll get to your questions.  In short, we continue to execute our Global Business Plan strategies, and we continue to target top and bottom line results for 2011 that are in-line with our previous guidance. So let's start with our second quarter results. Although adjusted earnings per share were down slightly versus last year, we delivered sequential improvements in most areas. Organic sales growth, margins, earnings per share and cash provided by operations all improved versus first quarter levels. This gives us confidence in our ability to deliver improved results in the second half of this year.  Let's look more closely at a few areas of performance in the quarter. Our organic sales growth of 3% was on track with our full year plan. I'm encouraged with our 2% volume growth, which we achieved despite continued weakness in the baby child care and K-C Professional washroom categories in North America. As you heard from Mark, we continue to make good progress with our targeted growth initiatives. In North America, that was particularly true in adult care, K-C Professional wipers and Health Care medical devices. And K-C International had a very strong quarter, highlighted by great volume performance in Personal Care in a number of markets, including China, most of Latin America and the Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa region.  We're gaining market share in a number of our businesses. In the U.S., we held or increased market share in 6 of our 8 key consumer categories. That includes share gains of 3 points in adult care, 2 points in baby wipes and facial tissue, and 1 point in bathroom tissue. And to the first half of the year, our shares are even with or ahead of last year in 7 out of the 8 categories. In K-C International, we're also growing ahead of category rates in a number of markets, including Brazil and China.  We have a number of innovations coming to market in the near term, that includes Huggies Little Movers Slip-On diapers which launches in just a few weeks, and we're excited about this first-of-a-kind innovation in North America, and we are also introducing it in some markets in K-C International. We also have exciting innovations coming soon in Kleenex facial tissue and Poise pads. Let's shift now to cost reduction. I'm encouraged by our progress delivering FORCE cost savings and overhead spending reductions. Our efforts in these areas helped us improved gross and operating margins 50 basis points sequentially from first quarter levels, even though our input cost increased further. I'm also pleased with our cash generation in the second quarter. Our strong cash flow enables business reinvestment and shareholder-friendly capital allocation. On that front, second quarter dividends and share repurchases totaled $630 million and full year amounts should be around $2.6 billion.  Last quarter, we shared with you the 3 areas that we're focused on to offset cost inflation: improving revenue realization; delivering FORCE cost savings and reducing overhead spending. For the full year, we're now ahead of or on track with our previous plans in each of these areas, which is very important since the commodity cost environment has worsened again over the last 3 months. Let me give you a short update on each of these areas.  First, on the revenue front, we're getting good traction with a number of our pricing initiatives in K-C Professional and in K-C International, and we expect full year benefits to be somewhat higher than we previously estimated. Elsewhere, price increases have started to go into effect for our North American bathroom tissue business. While still relatively early, we're cautiously optimistic that these increases will be realized in the marketplace. While implementation of our diaper price increase in North America has been delayed slightly, we continue to expect that overall price mix improvements will benefit our top line by 1% to 2% for the full year.  Second, we continue to identify and implement incremental FORCE cost savings programs, and we're raising our savings target for the second consecutive quarter. Our new target is $300 million to $350 million, that's $50 million more than our previous plan.  And third, our teams are making excellent progress reducing overhead in discretionary spending. As a result, we reduced our full year SG&A spending plan significantly and now expect the total between the lines expenses will grow at a much lower rate than sales growth.  Altogether, we expect these actions along with stronger currency exchange rates to essentially offset the incremental inflationary headwinds we're now expecting compared to our previous plans. So we continue to target full year adjusted earnings in the range of $4.80 to $5.05 per share for 2011. Nonetheless without some moderation and commodity cost, it's more likely that 2011 results will be in the lower half of that range.  So to summarize, we continue to execute our strategies for the long-term success of Kimberly-Clark. We're making excellent progress managing those factors we control to deliver solid results in the short term, and we're firmly convinced that successful execution of our Global Business Plan will continue to improve shareholder value.  That wraps up our prepared remarks. And now, we'll begin to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Wendy Nicholson with Citi Investment Research.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc: Two questions. First of all, can you talk about sort of the early receptivity, if you will, of the pricing that you've put into the marketplace? Are you getting pushback from the retailers that you need to increase your level of promotional spending or anything like that to sort of defray some of that impact? And then my second question is on the Health Care side, that business looks like it's kind of come roaring back from a volume perspective. Is there fair degree of visibility that in the back half, those kind of higher levels of volumes will continue? Because I know you face some pretty easy comps there.
Thomas Falk: On the pricing front, I would say it's progressing about as we would normally expect, and so I think most retailers want to make sure they're not going to be disadvantaged. But I think they also see pricing going up in lots of categories across the store. And so ours are no different as we feel the pressure of commodity cost. So you're starting to see retails go up and hopefully, we'll be able to sustain that through the second half. On the Health Care volume front, we did have really easy comps. And you may recall last year about this time, we had actually some distributors returning products that were bought in prior periods for the H1N1 crisis. So we would guess probably about half of the 10-point volume increase was related to the easy comp, and then the more normal underlying growth rate is more in the mid single digits which is what we'd expect going forward.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc: Okay, fair enough. And then back on the pricing side just for a minute, I mean, even though we've seen whatever a lot of volatility and pulp prices maybe starting to roll over, net-net, the pricing that you've put in place, I mean, the probability that, that could be rescinded or anything like that, I mean, we'd have to see a pretty substantial further change in pulp before you backed off any of the price increases you put through. Isn't that fair to say?
Thomas Falk: We got a long way to go just to get back to even here, so.
Operator: The next question comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Just looking on the pulp for a moment, I just want to understand the guidance a little bit further. You mentioned the July decrease was in line with your estimates. First-half pricing seemed to be kind of in line with the low end of your guidance. There's some other decrease in the market for August. I mean, does that imply that you're looking for some sort of rebound later in the year? I'm just curious what you're seeing there.
Thomas Falk: Yes, we typically look at the 3 industry forecasters and average those. If you look at where we were at $970 in the first quarter. We were at $1,030 for the second quarter. So for the first 6 months, we're averaging about $1,000 a ton. Our guidance for the full year is $1,000 to $1,020 and that would say that there's the risk of there'll be some pickup in the back half which is what the forecasters are saying. There may be a little bit of upside on that. We'll have to see.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And can you just talk generally about what you're seeing with the consumer? Have you seen any changes in buying behavior with the soft patch that we've seen in the broader macro data?
Thomas Falk: Not yet, in fact, one encouraging sign was that private label shares were really down across the board in virtually every category, both sequentially and year-over-year. So I think behind the innovation that we're driving and others are driving in the marketplace, the categories are looking a little healthier. We would like to see a little quicker uptick in the birthrate, which that's probably the other sign of economic confidence that's been weak for longer than we would have guessed. But we're starting to see some early signs that, that maybe improving although the category will still be down more than we would have expected for the year.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: And just a last question on feminine care. Your volumes were, I guess, well to just flat year-on-year. You're, obviously, comping a lot through by Kotex. But I'm just wondering, are you seeing increasing competition there and any issue, I guess, sequentially in terms of share?
Thomas Falk: No. I think our shares were down half a point or something sequentially. But the Kotex shares hang in there at about 5. And so I would say at this point, we're not seeing anything major from a competitive front that's happening in the marketplace and we've got good product improvements yet coming this year so expect to hear more from that space.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And I guess one last question. In terms of resin, so your third quarter prices or your July prices were up from what they were in June and, I mean, is there any sort of contractual lag that you would expect to see some benefit from lower oil prices?
Thomas Falk: What's actually happening is that -- and this is probably a more complicated explanation than maybe you're looking for -- is because of the relative price of oil versus natural gas, a lot of the refineries are using natural gas more on their steam crackers. And as a result, they're producing lots of the polymer byproducts that go into many of the things that we use like polypropylene or adhesives or packaging materials. And so there's still some relative shortages of the monomers that go into our supply chain. And so you're seeing still pretty firm pricing for polymers and adhesives and super-absorbents and things like that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Could you talk about on the baby business in the U.S? I think you said your share was down a little bit. Is that expected to improve later? Why is your share down and why should it improve?
Thomas Falk: Yes, I mean, I'd say our shares have been bouncing around between 36 or 37, and we're more on the 36 side of that this quarter. So it's down about a point or so, but last year was kind of a high watermark. So it's a little tougher comp. We've got a lot of innovation coming in the second half with this Huggies slip-on diapers as well as some product improvements to our mainline, so I think innovation typically drives share in this category, and we'd expect to see some uptick due to the innovation that we've got coming.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And is the share loss in this quarter tied to your comment you said that diaper pricing was delayed a little bit?
Thomas Falk: No. I mean, the pricing is going to really didn't have that much impact on share. We thought prices are going to go up in July. It's looking more like it's going to be October at this point.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And why the delay?
Thomas Falk: For the competitive activity shook out and one key packing in the category, which has typically been our merchandise and cardboard boxes. The industry is shifting to polybags. And it takes a little longer to convert the assets for that new format.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. So it's not that your major competitor is causing a delay in pricing going through?
Thomas Falk: We don't believe so.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And then one final question. Can you just sort of remind us why Personal Care margins overall are down year-over-year while consumer tissues are up? Why the difference in direction? Is it just easier comps for tissue?
Thomas Falk: Yes. I'd say more of the pulp hit tissue last year, and Personal Care is really being hit by all of the secondary materials costs, so polymer adhesives, packaging, superabsorbent are all up double digits this year.
Mark Buthman: The other thing, Alice, is that more of the pricing has already been taken in Consumer Tissue, and Personal Care pricing comes more later in the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Per Ostlund with Jefferies & Company.
Per Ostlund - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Want to talk a little bit about the paper restructuring since you are accelerating that activity here. As we get through that restructuring, can you help us understand just a little bit how the commodity cost sensitivity changes or actually does it change? Is the sensitivity still there and it just won't be as capital-intensive, or will you truly have a better control over your cost and then the inflation expectation that go with that?
Thomas Falk: Yes. I guess, I would say, it probably makes our sensitivity to pulp price slightly worse. We were about 10% integrated with these 2 pulp facilities. On the other hand, they're relatively high-cost pulp mills, so they didn't provide an enormous economic hedge benefit. They did provide some volatility benefit. And so we'll be slightly more exposed to the swings in pulp price without these mills.
Mark Buthman: Yes. Obviously, the other thing is the nature of the products that are produced at those mills are more value or private-label oriented, which tend to be lower margins. So there will be a slight mix improvement.
Thomas Falk: Well, the better mix, that's right.
Mark Buthman: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Linda Bolton Weiser with Caris & Company.
Linda Weiser - Caris & Company: I was just curious in the Consumer Tissue segment. The mix had been trending sort of positive up 1% or so, and now it was sort of flattish. Is there a particular reason for that, that you can explain?
Thomas Falk: I mean, I think Scott tissue had a good quarter. But so did COTTONELLE, I mean, we picked up share overall in bath tissue. And so yes, there's nothing major that I'd say. We got more innovation coming on Kleenex in the back half, and second quarter is typically a weak facial tissue quarter because you don't have as much of the cold and flu or back-to-school impact. So that probably also affects it a little bit.
Linda Weiser - Caris & Company: Okay. And just on your inventory, I guess, it was a little improved. It was up 13% year-over-year. I think, it was up maybe 14% last quarter. So maybe a little improved, but it's still up quite a bit. Are you feeling comfortable with that? And was there any curtailment effect in the quarter?
Thomas Falk: Yes. I mean, I'll let Mark comment on the inventory. Curtailment was negligible. I think it was about $10-million hit. And if we look at days of inventory in our supply chain, it was maybe up under a day, first quarter, second quarter. But there's some opportunity in the back half. But, Mark, maybe you can comment on that if you got any other color on it.
Mark Buthman: Yes. The improvement -- so inventory is right in line. We have a lot of innovation coming to the markets, so the businesses are wanted to make sure they can support product launches with the right levels of inventory. So we feel good overall about our management of inventory. The benefit in our working capital for the quarter was extension of payables. So it was the principal driver, which our global procurement organization is doing a great job of managing. So overall, we feel pretty good about working capital.
Linda Weiser - Caris & Company: Okay. And can I just ask, there's been a lot of speculation over Carl Icahn's involvement with Clorox, and he has listed Kimberly-Clark as being one of the companies that should be looking at acquiring Clorox. And you sort of have this health and hygiene kind of strategic thrust both in your company and in Clorox. Can you just comment on do you think there's any kind of strategic set and if there's certain areas that would be or certain areas wouldn't be? Is there anything you can say?
Thomas Falk: Yes, I mean, because I'd say we typically don't comment on rumors of M&A. I guess, I would say this is that -- our plan as we said to many investors doesn't call for big transformational M&A. And so I don't think any of the announcements related to Clorox change that point of view, and we would consider the Clorox to be a well-managed company. And so as we look at it, it's hard to see how you come in and do a whole lot better job of it.
Operator: The next question comes from Javier Escalante with Weeden & Co.
Javier Escalante - Weeden & Co., LP: I have a question with regards to whether you think that you need to increase prices higher or in more places, given that number one, your cost inflation has worsened by $200 million while your estimate for savings is up by only $50 million. And I have another question after that.
Thomas Falk: Yes, absolutely. Javier, one of our key strategies for this year is to get up price whenever we can. And so we have been aggressive in many markets around the world. And looking at revenue realization, some cases are doing that through list price, some places through mix, some places through innovation. And so that's a key strategy for us this year.
Javier Escalante - Weeden & Co., LP: And then the second question has to do with SG&A that came down more than I would have thought. Number one, FORCE savings were only $45 million versus $60 million in the first quarter. So what drove the SG&A reduction? Has marketing and spending been dialed back in the quarter, and if so, by how much?
Thomas Falk: Yes, a couple of things there. We probably don't do a very good job of tracking SG&A savings in FORCE. Most of the FORCE savings tend to be cost-of-sales-oriented, and so that's probably part of it. The second part of it is that marketing spending was down versus prior year in the quarter which last year was the launch of you U by Kotex as well as Poise, and so marketing year-on-year was down probably $20 million to $25 million, but sequentially, was up $10 million. So we spent, in the second quarter, about the same level or a little bit higher than we did in the first quarter.
Javier Escalante - Weeden & Co., LP: And on the savings, basically, you were up in the savings or savings to $300 million to $350 million. If I am calculating correctly, you basically have $105 million in savings accrued in the first 2 quarters, so that means that you need to ramp up the savings to $245 million. Could you explain the kind of activities and what is going to drive these accelerated savings, given that it's been a little bit on the low end at the beginning of the year? And that would by my last question.
Thomas Falk: Yes, absolutely. No, that's a good question. It is back-end loaded. We've got an aggressive plan really principally around our growth procurement program. It's got substantial benefits yet to come, and there is a lot of programs underway that will be delivering value for us in the second half. We're also continuing to drive our lean manufacturing profits throughout our plants, and we'd expect to see additional savings from that. In addition, we have our usual material cost savings programs that will continue to deliver in the back half. So the plan is back-end loaded, but we got enough visibility that we're confident we'll be able to get this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Gere with RBC Capital Markets.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about the European market. Clearly, it sounds like 3 months from your last conference call, the North American market is a little bit more status quo, KCI is a little bit better but Europe, still seems to be kind of the swing factor in terms of how the year may play out. Can you just talk a little bit both from a Consumer Tissue and from a Personal Care side?
Thomas Falk: Yes. I mean, I was just in Europe a couple of weeks ago, and that team is committed to delivering their plan for the year, and they've got actions in place to do just that. They've got lots of cost savings coming to help offset cost inflation. They also are planning on getting some pricing in some of their key categories. We probably had a softer start on diaper volume at the beginning of the year, but they've got a number of things underway to help turn that around in the second half. So I came away feeling encouraged that the European team, while our plan is back-end loaded, they've got plans in place to make sure they can deliver.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And within your guidance, obviously, if you look at the market growth versus the innovation, obviously, you've talked about some innovation, I mean, what sort of expectations are you building into Europe? Are you looking for a nice sequential improvement? Can you put a little color around that?
Thomas Falk: In terms of top line or product line?
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Top line. Yes, I'm just focusing top line.
Thomas Falk: I think Europe's top line probably isn't going to change all that much, and I think you'll see much better bottom line as some of the cost savings come through.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. Just a clarification question. When you talked about the diaper pricing in October, was that just on the pack change or is that also where, I think, there was some list price changes as well with some of the categories?
Thomas Falk: There will be some implementation of the list price changes, but there's also a fair amount of promotion protection that will take place in the third quarter. So I would say we're probably not going to get a lot of price realization in our third quarter and more it will come in the fourth quarter.
Mark Buthman: And, Jason, most of the pricing actions at the end of the day is tied to count reductions, only a minority portion of it is coming through list price changes.
Thomas Falk: It's a big part of the category these days.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. And then just a last thing. Can you talk to me or sell me on these slip-on diapers just in terms of, I guess, the consumer testing that you've done out there, why it took so long to come up with this idea? Sounds a lot like a training pant. So I'm just wondering if you could just talk to me about it. I have a baby, so maybe I'd be in the market for it.
Thomas Falk: No, I think it's a big idea around the world. If you want to look to the Japanese market, it's a significant amount of the category. We've launched it in Korea as well, and it's done very, very well. And so it's really another option for mom, diapering an active baby. So it gives her additional flexibility. And so we do think -- it's priced from a value standpoint. It's going to be very similar to a price for a training pant. We know we need to continue to drive value around our training pant business, but we do think it's going to be a good option for mom. And so research is customed very favorably. And we've been at this idea a number of different ways for a number of years. We launched the product -- I don't know -- it's probably 5 years ago now called Huggies Convertibles. And we were aimed at this and didn't quite get the execution right. We thought it was a big idea then, and we're going to go back out and we think we've got a much better execution this time.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And I know part of launching is obviously the competitive advantage, but just can you talk about training pants then in terms of the growth or lack of growth maybe you're seeing there and just the timing of coming out with the product here that I assume would be at a premium to diapers and especially when the category is still seeing some softness right now?
Thomas Falk: The category is really soft because of the birth rate, but mom still wants the very best for her baby and part of what's happening in the training pant category is as we've seen category weakness for several years, it's -- finally, those children are migrating into training pants and that's having an impact on the category. But we believe we're going to exceed to bring innovation to the category even with the category is down to moms that are there who want the very best for their babies.
Operator: Next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: A few questions. One is if you could just talk a little bit more about the dichotomy of growth that you're seeing right. So KCI 8%, all in 3 and I think the way you guys define KCI is about a 30-year business. So you're really not seeing much growth maybe on around then roughly to 0 in the rest of the business. Can you talk about that difference? Can you talk how that's driven by price versus volume between those 2 groups, kind of KCI and non-KCI? And then also how you think about the outlook for especially the non-KCI part over the next whole while?
Thomas Falk: Yes. I guess, I'd say if you look at the various categories in the U.S., you'd see a mixed bag here as well. You'd see the diaper category is down. And so that's obviously been a drag across diapers and pants. But wipes is up. And so we continue to do very well there. And then if you looked at that Poised and depends those are on trend with aging and you're seeing still strong mid-single-digit category growth. And we've done even better than that over the last couple of quarters. Some care we've had consistent strong growth behind the smooth innovation launch. So we're seeing better results on that standpoint. So with Europe, you'd see more X currency negative organic growth which really is something that's not too surprising given what's going on in that marketplace. And then KCP, you're still seeing a relatively weak economic outlook, which hurts our washroom business, relatively better results in safety and wipers. And Health Care obviously in the quarter, we had an unusually large volume growth. We'd expect that to be more mid-single-digits going forward.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: And so if you have a current situation particularly outside KCI, it doesn't sound like you're, again, planning a lot of price elasticity when you start thinking about the PC price increases late in the year. So if you could talk about that. And then also for the emerging markets, you mentioned in the past few quarters, it's been difficult to take pricing in the emerging market to offset currencies or to offset commodities basically because of competitive environment. Has that curtailed a little bit or is that still an issue?
Thomas Falk: So we've gotten more price in emerging markets particularly in the last quarter. I don't know, Paul, if you've got the details of that.
Paul Alexander: Yes. Ali, our total price was up 4% in K-C International, and we also had a point of mix as well. So we've been doing a good job getting revenue both in Personal Care, primarily in Latin America and then in Consumer Tissue really in all regions of the world.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: And on the price elasticity question, the first part?
Thomas Falk: I think if you look at from a diaper standpoint, we really try to do a better job of understanding how the consumer shops and are bringing price in a way that will cause less sticker shock than maybe we have in the past. So just doing it by account change across the big part of the category, we think we'll have a reduced elasticity impact versus a straight list price change.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Okay. Just one last clarification on the marketing research and general expenses number that's down 25 bps. Can you just aggregate that in terms of percent of spend in advertising versus overhead reduction?
Thomas Falk: I think the answer to an earlier question, marketing which should be advertising and promotion is down by $25 million year-on-year. Its up about $10 million sequentially, and then the balance is SG&A.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Faucher with JPMorgan Chase.
John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just a quick question in -- I'm trying to figure out -- if we take a look at your raw material inflation, the key input cost increase of $375 year-to-date, your total COGS is up, it looks like just over $700, so roughly half of your COGS increase is represented by the raw material inflation. If we take your outlook for the balance of the year which I think works out to like $275 to $375, and sort of went double that and added that to COGS, I think we'd end up with a gross margin over the back half that's probably roughly in line with the second quarter gross margin. But given sort of the comp there, where you had much higher input inflation in the back half and also the pricing, any thoughts in terms of sort of sequentially how we should see the gross margin play out over the back half of the year?
Thomas Falk: Yes. I mean, I guess we'd say for the year, we'd expect gross margin to be down somewhat more than operating margin. We're saying operating margins is going to be down 50 to 70 basis points for the year. And so just given where we're at and what we have yet to go, I think will maybe close the gap a little bit in the back half, but we'll guess that we'll be down a little bit more in gross margin than we will in operating margin.
Mark Buthman: John, you should see both gross and operating margin sequentially improved in the back half of the year consistent with our expectation for earnings to ramp up.
John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay, got it. That's what I was looking for. I mean, but in order to get to sort of closing that gap, you would need sequentially a decent sized uptick and, I guess, the issue really revolves sort of as it comes in at the lower end of the raw materials range and then better leverage from pricing, is that kind of the way to look at it?
Thomas Falk: And so pricing is part of it. We've got much more cost savings come in the back half.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Ferrara with Bank of America.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch: So I just want to go back to the diaper pricing delay for a second. Can you just talk, I guess, about what changed incrementally, like why did it get delayed? And then I get that, we already knew what it's going to be. Some of us could be downtown, but what change from last time to now?
Thomas Falk: I think the big shift was deciding to take the big box to polybags. And so that was the discussion that happened among us and our principal customers in terms of how we wanted to present the category to the shopper. I assume that our primary competitor was also having some discussions with their primary customers. And so primary customers were pushing hard to take the category to polybags which makes more sense. We've been talking about doing that for a while, actually it's a much better environmental solution. And so we decided to go ahead, and make that change, which will actually give us some more economic benefit in 2012 because the cost of poly is less than the cost of the cardboard boxes that we're putting it in. So in discussions with key customers that a decision that was made in the last quarter.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch: And, I guess, on the overhead savings, can you talk a little bit about what the specifics are there? Obviously, you guys have sourced a lot of savings from overhead this quarter. It looks like it's been a continued lead [ph]. Can you just touch on some of the specific items that are getting cut in addition to marketing?
Thomas Falk: I mean, it's just being disciplined about the things that we can control. And so I'll be going onto a call with our top 1,000 leaders after this to talk about how we need to do an even better job of controlling our controllables. So it's SG&A, it's travel, it's headcount, it's how do we use pure consultants and how do we use less contract labor? So we're really trying to manage all of those details very tightly to make sure that we control the things that we can control in a difficult economic environment.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch: I guess, and how much of it relates to that difficult economic environment versus how much the stuff you should be doing anywhere, right? Because it just strikes me, it's a pretty big number and then you think about marketing and you guys have been a company that's been pretty consistent in the last couple of years, at least, with pushing marketing higher even though the cost environments have been tough and now marketing might be down as much as 15% this quarter. So I guess the question is, can you talk about marketing and the rest of overhead and how much of this is a reaction to what's going on versus how much is sustainable?
Thomas Falk: Well, I mean, again, marketing was up about $10 million sequentially. And so last year, you had the launch of U by Kotex and some new Poise things that happened in the second quarter so that was probably the biggest quarter from a marketing spending standpoint we've had in a while. We've got more of our innovation coming in the back half. So with the Huggies Little Movers Slip-On diapers coming and some new Kleenex products and new Poise product is coming, we'll have a little bit heavier spend in the back half this year than we did last year.
Mark Buthman: Then I think the other 2 drivers, as we drive lean, were more advanced in supply chain. But as we drive lean through the back office, we're finding opportunities to streamline the way that work gets done and get more work out of the talent that we have, provide better opportunities for them to have an impact on the business. And the other thing is mix. I think we're getting better and more sophisticated both at our research investments, our innovation investments and our marketing investments. So we're getting more bang for each dollar that we spend.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: First question is I noticed and maybe this has been addressed before but the depreciation charges this year are much higher than what they've been in the past and, of course, you're still making earnings, so that's terrific for cash flow. Could you talk a little bit about why they are higher and what we should expect going forward should they stay at this like between $1.1 billion and $1.2 billion rate?
Thomas Falk: Yes. Most of that is the restructuring charge for the tissue restructuring has really spiked up depreciation and so that's a good chunk of it.
Mark Buthman: Ongoing depreciation is $800 million to $850 million.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: So obviously that's got the charge in there. And that starts to come down early next year because you're accelerating that program, correct?
Thomas Falk: Yes. We should be through it by the end of 2012, but we'll have a lot of it in this year, I think.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Got you. And then, you did mention, by the way, that there will be some cash costs significant involved with this. Would that also be incurred this year or does that bleed more into next year? In other words, do you take more of earnings hit this year, although it's not ongoing, and actually, spend the money next year?
Thomas Falk: I think that the timing of that is probably still hard to call at this point in time because of where we are in the various processes. We had some cash cost already in the second quarter, I think it was $15 million. And we may have more later this year but some of it could spill into 2012.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Got you. And then, as we look at 2012 -- and obviously, strategic opportunities can come up. But barring that, it looks like -- is there any reason why we would not see your share buyback pace stay? I know it's quite elevated, but stay at $1 billion or higher next year or do you think it's more likely to settle back down?
Thomas Falk: This year was unusual. I mean, we really roughly doubled what we would normally buyback. And so, we'll give you more specific guidance on 2012 in January, but if our strong cash flow continues, expect to see us put it to good use for our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Okay. And then lastly, as we look at China, you mentioned you're having a good growth there above the market rate. And my understanding is that you are mostly involved disproportionately perhaps versus the population in the northern half. Is there any movement to broaden your base there or make it more proportional?
Thomas Falk: Yes, absolutely. The Eastern Seaboard of China is where lots of the GDP is today and so for Huggies, for example, at the end of the year, we were in 50s or so cities. Today, we're probably in 65 cities, and so we're just continuing to expand our distribution base for our key products in China and expect that to continue for quite a while.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG: Did you say what the local currency operating profit growth was in the quarter?
Thomas Falk: I don't think we did.
Paul Alexander: But from a translation standpoint, Bill, currency benefited the top line by about 5%, the same would be true on operating profit.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, so it's pretty linear there?
Paul Alexander: Yes.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, got you. And then, can you just like give us a little more granularity on where some of the SG&A costs are coming from? I know you talked about advertising which looks like it's going to tick up a little bit in the back of the year. But what was like the big revelation this year that's going to drive such robust cost savings and if you can give like line item by line item as much as you can?
Thomas Falk: Yes, I mean, I think we've got everybody focused on controlling the things that they can control. So we're doing a good job, as Mark mentioned, in driving lean into our various processes. We're trying to manage our headcount tight. And where we need to deploy talent to build some new capability, we're trying to source that by efficiency in other areas. We're managing travel and consultancy costs tightly. And everybody is very conscious of -- particularly with the cost inflation that we got this year that we've got no excuses. We're going to control the things that we can control to try to deliver our objectives this year.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, great. And then just on pricing again. I mean, it sounds like K-C to Mexico had some challenges to be nice on some of the price increases. Is that just discreet to Mexico or is there any risk in the U.S. and the rest of Latin America on that front?
Thomas Falk: Yes, I think that they had a real tough quarter in pushing some of the price increases through, and we'll see how that plays out. So far I'd say I'm encouraged about what we see happening in the U.S. And we've had pretty good success in a number of other International markets in taking price. And I think we're not alone relative to lots of other CPGs that are needing to get price with this kind of commodity cost environment.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then, just lastly, did the delay of the diaper price, does it have anything to do with Luvs not taking the pricing? Was that the original plan? Does the delay have anything to do with that?
Thomas Falk: No. I mean, really Luvs tends to line up more in private label. So we'll watch that space to see what happens. If private label goes up, I would expect you might see Luvs follow that.
Thomas Falk: Okay. So but -- is [indiscernible] will not go do the pack count change?
Thomas Falk: We don't have good visibility of what they're up to, so what typically happens is there's a little bit of a lag generally, at least 90 days and sometimes a bit longer before private label lines up. But I'm sure they're under the same cost pressures that we are, and I expect to see some pricing action happen there over time.
Operator: The next question comes from Caroline Levy with CBSA.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets: This is Michael Lavery in for Caroline as CLSA. Just was wondering on the overhead, it looks like your corporate cost are down double digits about 6 quarters in a row, obviously, that's all the efficiencies you've referring to, but how long can you keep that up?
Thomas Falk: That seems high relative to our expectation. What numbers are you looking at there, Michael?
Michael Lavery - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets: Well, I think -- well, so I guess the difference there...
Thomas Falk: We're just trying to keep them from going up. I don't think they're down double digits. You may be looking at an allocated segment cost or something.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets: Well, I think in '09, that exclude some of the items that you hadn't called out as extraordinary because of the 1 year timing of them. But it looks like sort of an ongoing run rate. There's some good declines. Is that something you can keep up?
Thomas Falk: Yes, I would say broadly our goal is to try to grow SG&A at a slower rate than sales. And so certainly, in some of our businesses like Europe, you're seeing them not grow. But if you look back and looked at like '09, we had a large severance program, and that may have spiked that up in '09, and then we got the savings from it in 2010. So we got a lot of benefit if you look at, at that SG&A line between '09 and '10, but those were more kind of related to those unusual factors. And so I'd say going forward, it'd be better to model it at growing at a slower rate than our sales growth.
Paul Alexander: Michael, this is Paul. So from year-to-date basis, those unallocated costs are very similar to year-ago levels. So we're tracking in line with what Tom suggested.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets: Okay, yes. So just -- I'm talking about just for the corporate line, sorry, not the SG&A, right. And so that would be around the pace that it should keep up?
Paul Alexander: Yes.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets: And then for the pricing, obviously, in KCI, you've mentioned some benefits like in LatAm, but when you get the pricing coming from the recent increases in U.S., what would that look like on the segment basis? Like in Personal Care or tissue, how much acceleration would we likely see there?
Thomas Falk: Let's say the price increase on diapers is about 7%, that's the biggest chunk of Personal Care segment. But there isn't any price in the marketplace at this point in time on feminine care and adult care. I think baby wipes price increase is about 5%. So you probably see a low to mid single-digit price impact just from the U.S. market in that segment. In tissue, the price increases are more mid-single digit. And so, and some of that is going to come through sheet count, some is coming through lift so you'll see kind of a mix there. But I guess you'd see probably a mid-single-digit pricing in tissue sequentially going forward.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets: And with that kind of magnitude, how much of a volume would you expect you might see, like if the sheet counts and count reductions are part of that, is that a direct volume hit just because of smaller pad size?
Thomas Falk: Yes, you'll typically see a volume drag particularly from sheet count essentially reducing the household inventory for a period of time. You'll see a bit of a blip on diapers as well, although consumers tend to use about the same number of diapers per day. And so we've also got a lot innovation coming in the second half. And so if you look at the balance of those 2, it's a little tougher to call.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questioners in the queue.
Paul Alexander: Okay, then we'll wrap up with a quick closing comment from Tom.
Thomas Falk: So once again, we continue to execute our Global Business Plan well in a very challenging environment. And we thank you for your support of Kimberly-Clark.
Paul Alexander: Thank you.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas Falk - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee Mark Buthman - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Paul Alexander - Director of Investor Relations
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience and holding. We now have your speakers in conference. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Paul Alexander. Mr. Alexander.
Paul Alexander: Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter earnings conference call. Here with me in Dallas are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO; and Mike Azbell, Vice President and Controller. Here's the agenda for the call. Mark will begin with a review of our first quarter results, followed by a brief overview of our full year outlook. Then Tom will then provide his perspective, and we'll finish with Q&A. As usual, we have a presentation of today's materials in the Investors section of our website, which is www.kimberly-clark.com.  Before we begin, let me remind you we'll be making forward-looking statements today. There can be no assurance that future events will occur as anticipated or that our results will be as estimated, and I'd refer you to the Risk Factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a further discussion of forward-looking statements. I'd also like to point out that we will be referring to adjusted results and outlook. For 2010, adjusted results exclude a loss related to the move to highly inflationary accounting in Venezuela. For 2011, adjusted results and outlook exclude costs for the pulp and tissue restructuring and a nondeductible business tax charge in the first quarter related to a law change in Colombia. For further information and reconciliations to comparable financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP, please see today's news release and additional information on our website. And now, I'll turn it over to Mark.
Mark Buthman: Thanks, Paul, and good morning. We start with three key headlines for the quarter. First, we delivered organic sales growth of more than 2% and made good progress with our targeted growth initiatives. Second, we returned a significant amount of capital to shareholders. And third, while cost inflation is weighing on our near-term profitability, we're taking a number of actions to ensure we deliver on our commitments for the year.  Now let's cover the details of the quarter. Overall sales increased 4% to $5 billion. Organic sales rose more than 2%, on track with our full year plan. Sales volumes improved 2% while the combined impact of changes in net selling prices and product mix was slightly positive. Volumes benefited from innovation and targeted growth initiatives.  On the other hand, we experienced lower volumes in Venezuela and category demand remained soft in parts of North America. First quarter adjusted operating profit fell 14%, with an operating margin of 13.1%. Benefits from top line growth and $60 million of FORCE cost savings were more than offset by input cost inflation of $195 million.  First quarter adjusted earnings per share were $1.09 compared with $1.14 last year and included benefits from a decline in the tax rate and a lower share count. Cash provided by operations for the quarter was $250 million compared to $464 million in the prior year.  Looking forward, I expect our cash generation to build throughout the year as earnings grow and we complete nearly all of our pension plan contributions in the first half of the year. First quarter capital spending was $234 million compared to $184 million last year. We're off to a strong start supporting our growth, innovation and cost reduction programs. We repurchased 13.1 million shares of KMB stock at a cost of about $850 million in the quarter, and we're on track to execute our $1.5 billion share repurchase plan for 2011. In total, we allocated more than $1.1 billion to share repurchases and dividends in the first quarter as we continue to allocate capital in shareholder-friendly ways.  Now I'll highlight a few areas of our segment results for the quarter and as usual, further details are in this morning's news release. In Personal Care, organic sales were even with last year. Sales volumes improved 2% offset by changes in net selling prices and product mix. In North America, we delivered double-digit volume growth in feminine care for the fifth consecutive quarter and high single-digit growth in adult care. Momentum also remained strong in our targeted growth initiatives across K-C International.  On the other hand, volumes fell significantly in Venezuela, and the baby and child care categories in North America remain relatively soft. Personal Care operating margins of 17.8% were impacted by cost inflation, primarily for oil-based materials and a higher level of promotional activity in North America. There were also a few smaller items, including some machine startups and supply-chain disruptions, which I wouldn't expect to recur going forward. Now turning to Consumer Tissue, organic sales grew 3%. Net selling prices were up 2%, led by cost-driven price increases in K-C International and Europe. Changes in product mix improved sales 1%. Sales volumes were even with last year as gains in bathroom tissue and Kleenex facial tissue in North America were offset by declines elsewhere. Operating margins of 9% were below prior year levels as higher net selling prices and cost savings were more than offset by cost inflation, mostly fiber costs. Moving to K-C Professional & Other. Organic sales increased 4%. Sales volumes grew 3%, including double-digit growth in our safety business in North America and a mid-single digit gain overall in K-C International.  On the other hand, relatively soft market demand continued to impact our washroom sales in North America. Operating margins of 13.5% were down slightly, though remain solid despite the challenging environment.  And lastly, Health Care organic sales were up 5%, driven by higher sales volumes of 6%. Volumes of high-margin medical devices were up high-single digits, paced by I-Flow and our airway management business. Supply volumes grew mid-single digits and benefited from a modest improvement in category demand in the North American market. Operating margins were down somewhat compared to last year, and it's mostly due to cost inflation and ongoing litigation expenses related to the I-Flow acquisition. So that wraps up the review of the quarter. Before I hand it over to Tom, I'd like to briefly comment on the updated outlook that was provided in this morning's news release. We widened our estimate for 2011 adjusted earnings per share, which we now expect to be between $4.80 and $5.05 a share. There's been no change to the top end of our previous guidance range, but we've lowered the bottom end by $0.10 a share. A wider range reflects a significantly higher cost inflation assumption of $450 million to $550 million for the year. That's more than double our previous assumption and represents an incremental headwind of more than $0.45 per share compared to our previous plan.  We're responding to the significant pickup in cost inflation in three primary ways: First, we're raising selling prices across a number of our businesses; second, we're accelerating or implementing additional FORCE cost savings programs; and third, we're focused on managing our overhead spending aggressively.  Now Tom will talk more about our specific plans in each of these areas. All in all, we expect these actions, along with other modest changes to our plan to offset most, if not all, of the incremental inflationary headwinds we're now anticipating compared to our previous plan. So that wraps up my review.  To recap, we achieved top line growth, in line with our plan for the year, with further progress on targeted growth initiatives, we delivered on our commitment to return significant capital to shareholders, and we're taking actions to combat the inflationary headwinds facing our business. Now I'll turn it over to Tom.
Thomas Falk: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll share my perspectives on the state of our business after the first 3 months of 2011, and more importantly, what we're doing to overcome the headwinds we face. And then we'll get to your questions.  In short, we're executing our Global Business Plan strategies, and we're taking aggressive actions in a challenging near-term environment. Looking at our organic sales growth and our market positions, we're on track with our plan in the first quarter. Our volume growth was the best we've delivered since 2009. And as you heard from Mark, we continue to make good progress with our targeted growth initiatives, particularly in K-C International, our K-C Professional Safety business and our Health Care Medical Device business.  We're also getting good returns in our innovation and marketing investments. This is especially true in feminine care and adult care in North America where the initiatives we began last year on U by Kotex, Poise, and Depend continue to deliver volume and share growth. And looking more broadly at our share positions, we held or increased market share in 7 of our 8 key consumer categories in the U.S. That included share gains of 4 points in feminine care, 3 points and adult care, 2 points in baby wipes and 1 point in both child care and facial tissue. And we're growing ahead of category rates in a number of markets in K-C International, such as Brazil. In terms of overall market demand, portions of the North American market are still relatively soft, but there are early signs that conditions are starting to improve. And most importantly, we have a number of innovations coming to market in the next few quarters to further improve our brands. We're launching an improved Huggies diaper in North America in the second quarter, and Jeans diapers will be hitting the store shelves in the near future. We'll also be introducing an exciting Huggies diaper line extension later this summer.  Outside of diapers, we'll be launching improved Pull-Ups training pants, new and improved U by Kotex and Poise products, some upgraded COTTONELLE bathroom tissue offerings and new Kleenex facial tissue offerings. And we have plenty of innovation coming in K-C International as well. So our innovation pipeline is healthy. We're executing strong marketing programs, and we continue to do what's right for the long-term success for the health of our brands. Now turning to the cost environment and what we're doing to improve our profitability. Clearly, the environment is much more challenging since we talked to you last at the beginning of this year. Market pulp costs did not fall in the first quarter like we and most others had assumed. Instead, costs rose in March, and over the next few months, are likely to hit or potentially even exceed the peak levels that occurred last summer.  In addition, as we all know, oil prices have risen rapidly to over $100 a barrel, this is well above what we planned for and it's caused prices for many of our oil-based cost inputs to increase considerably. For example, polymer costs are up about 20% both year-over-year and sequentially from the fourth quarter of 2010. Similarly, superabsorbent costs are up 15%, and costs for both of these key materials are expected to increase further in the near term.  Now it's our job to manage through these headwinds, and that's what we're working very hard to do. As Mark mentioned, we're focused on increasing net realized revenue, implementing additional FORCE cost savings programs and reducing overhead spending compared to our previous plans. Let me share some more details on each of these areas. First on the revenue front. Many of our businesses are increasing selling prices. Last month, we announced increases from most of our North American consumer products businesses that will go into effect over the summer. We're also in the process of raising prices in many areas of K-C International, particularly in Latin America.  And our B2B businesses are also taking pricing action, including a North American K-C Professional price increase that we announced last week. So as a result, we now anticipate that price and mix improvements will deliver 1 to 2 points of revenue growth in 2011. That's up from our original assumption of about 1%.  Second, we're aggressively identifying and implementing incremental FORCE cost savings programs. Our global procurement organization and our lean/continuous improvement capabilities will help us deliver even more savings in the current environment. So all together, we now expect FORCE cost savings of $250 million to $300 million in 2011, and that's $50 million more than our original planning assumption. And third, we'll be reducing overhead spending compared to our original plans. We're using lean/continuous improvements to reduce the costs of our back office operations, and we're closely managing our spending on discretionary items. As a result of our control of SG&A spending, we're now targeting for total between-the-lines expenses to grow in line with, or potentially slower than, the rate of sales growth in 2011. So all in all, the benefits from our actions to improve revenue realization and reduce costs will be more visible in our results in the back half of the year. I also expect our innovation and growth initiatives to build momentum as the year progresses. All of these actions require strong focus and discipline, and I'm confident in our team's ability to execute these plans while we continue to build an even brighter future for our company.  So to summarize, we're continuing to execute our Global Business Plan strategies for the long term success of Kimberly-Clark, we are aggressively managing those factors we can control to deliver solid results in the near term and we're firmly convinced that a successful execution of our Global Business Plan will improve shareholder value over time. So that wraps up our prepared remarks. And now we'll begin to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: I just had a question to talk -- if you could talk a little bit about what's different this time versus last time from a commodity -- in the environmental commodity increases. If you look at Personal Care, for example, last time, in '07, '08, the margins held in pretty well. This time, it sounded like -- Mark, you mentioned there some one-off things, but [ph] 17.8% operating margins were, as far as I could tell, kind of the worse you've seen in, gosh, at least a decade, as I look at the model. What's different now versus last time on that metric in that segment and along a number of dimensions, whether it be competitive environment, whether it be just these one-time really driving it, et cetera? And then on Consumer Tissue, similarly, I guess high-single digits is what one would expect at these levels? How do you describe that environment right now as well as from a competitive environment, and what's different versus last time?
Thomas Falk: Yes, I'd say, in some -- the reasons why the commodity costs are higher are different. So I think that's part of it. But we had a pretty big hit on margins on Tissue when pulp spiked over 1000 the last time as well. So I'd say, yes, we're a little below where our low watermark is for Personal Care margins, and some of that was the one-time -- some of it was -- the pricing environment globally was a little bit more aggressive, so we had a little bit bigger trade spend in the first quarter. So that's probably part of it. So timing of promotion activity is part of it. We certainly expect our margins to improve from where they are over the back half of the year.
Mark Buthman: Yes, I would say also the makeup of cost inflation is probably, if you think about it, is 2/3 oil and oil-related costs, 1/3, fiber. That's a little different mix than we've experienced in the past, and oil and oil-related costs tend to impact Personal Care a little bit more than you'd see in Tissue.
Thomas Falk: I also think some of the underlying commodities are adjusting quicker now than they may be used to. So polymer is reacting more quickly as well as superabsorbent.
Ali Dibadj: And by the same token, you are, it sounds like, trying to react more quickly as well or...
Thomas Falk: Yes, absolutely.
Ali Dibadj: In that context, I guess, how do we think about your guidance? And how much confidence do you have in your guidance? Why should we kind of believe in your guidance in a sense? And it was kind enough that you went through the incremental $275 million in commodities roughly and how that sort of breaks out in terms of pricing in FORCE and overhead, but could you put a few more numbers behind some of that? And let us know your confidence in each one of them, particularly around the competitive environment going forward.
Thomas Falk: Ali, I think you know us well enough. We try to tell you how we really think it's going to turn out every time we do this call. So our guidance, our confidence level around guidance is always pretty high or we wouldn't guide it to this level. Now we're not always right, and sometimes things happen that we didn't expect. So certainly, based on the assumptions that are in there that we share with you in terms of input costs and cost savings, we're pretty confident we can deliver in all of those areas.
Ali Dibadj: Okay, and last one is, something you generally do have control about is buybacks. Can you give a sense of the pace of that as we go forward?
Thomas Falk: Yes. As we said in the January call, Mark can give a little bit more color, but we expect to have most of our planned buybacks done for the year in the first half of the year.
Mark Buthman: Yes, I think that's fair to say. We'll have some to do in the back half. But we got a significant amount out the first quarter. We'll take that pace down just a little bit in the second quarter. But the majority will be done by the time we've finished with June. And nothing incremental planned at this point.
Thomas Falk: So we already had a big step-up in this year's planned buyback activity. So we'll see how cash flow looks though later in the year. But at this point, we're pretty comfortable with the plan.
Ali Dibadj: Okay, thanks very much, guys.
Thomas Falk: Thanks, Ali.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Ferrara with Bank of America.
Christopher Ferrara: So I guess I just wanted to follow on a little more specifically on that first line of questioning. And I guess the specifics are Consumer Tissue, North America, Personal Care, globally, it seems that pricing is a little bit more challenged, right? I mean, you have deeper levels of promotional spending in Personal Care, yet youre turning around today and saying that pricing realization is going to be a little bit better, right? And your volume assumptions aren't changing much, I guess. So what gives you the confidence that volume won't drop off more, particularly in Personal Care, I guess, now that the competitive environment is already difficult? Now you're going to price on top of that difficult competitive environment, and you don't see a lot of volume fall off? Or maybe you do and it's just embedded in a bigger number? I guess if you can give a little color around that, it will be very helpful.
Thomas Falk: Yes, sure. Well, on Tissue in particular, last year in the first quarter, we were on allocation on Scott tissue. So we had constrained promotional spending somewhat, and it returned to more normal levels late in the year. So it's not as big of a jump if you look at the average for 2010 versus where we spent in the first quarter. So we'd say, part of it is the comparison. A different set of issues, but a similar story on Personal Care where last year's first quarter was a little lighter promotional calendar. We had Jeans diaper coming in the second quarter and spent a little bit more aggressively on that. And so we had a little bit more promotion. In the first quarter, we also had some competitive activity in the first quarter that we were matching up to that ramped up in the latter part of last year, particularly in K-C International. So from that standpoint, you know some of it's in the quarterly comparison, was probably the toughest in the first quarter if you look at it versus the year average. It would it be up by as much. And then to the second question about demand, on the baby care, it's really more of a function of the birthrate than consumers deciding to constrain purchases of diapers. And so we've seen a relatively depressed birthrate really since the economic downturn began in 2008, 2009, and have actually seen probably a 5% decline in the total number of annual live births over that cumulative period. So we're expecting that to start to tick up in the second half of the year and kind of level off in the first half. And so we'll see how the data progresses. But we don't think industry price changes will have a big impact on that. We'll obviously watch private label share and pricing gaps to see what happens in that standpoint, to see if there's any category down trade. But with all the innovation we have coming, with an improved Huggies diapers that starts to ship, with Jeans diapers in the second quarter, we've got some exciting news on Huggies that we'll be talking about later this year, all those factors we feel pretty good about, our innovation plan for the year. And Tissue, you'd see a similar story. We've got pretty good momentum going on COTTONELLE. And as we see the pricing take hold in the market, we don't expect to see a big hit there.
Christopher Ferrara: So it sounds like -- and then if I could just characterize it, you're saying that the higher levels of promo that you guys cited in the back of pricing, I think, in North American pricing, decelerated sequentially in a couple of the categories. You're saying that the comp issue, you don't feel that the competitive environment is particularly more heated right now than it was over the last six months? Is that right?
Thomas Falk: Yes, that's what the caveats said in some markets where we talked about principal competitors in baby and child care in particular, that heated up last year. That's abated somewhat, but not substantially. But not as much in the U.S.
Christopher Ferrara: Okay, that's helpful. And then just, I guess, on pricing geographically. North America, obviously, you've already made the big announcement. Can you just talk a little bit about elsewhere? I mean, nothing -- we haven't heard anything on Europe and in China. Is there any chance of taking -- what about Asia? In general, is there any chance of taking pricing? And in Europe, I guess, also?
Thomas Falk: Yes, and I think what you'd want to look for is where you had very strong currencies. You're probably not going to see much opportunity for price, because you're not going to actually have the same impact on their local currency cost structure. And in markets like Latin America, we'll probably be getting more price where their currencies haven't appreciated that much relative to the dollar. So we'll be aggressive there and other markets like Australia, which just had a very strong move against the U.S. dollar. Probably not a big move on price there because it's not really going to be justified on a local currency market. In other markets like Vietnam, has been very high inflation. So obviously, you see pretty high price realization there. China, there's a lot of launch activity going on, so it's a pretty competitive market. So probably not as much of an opportunity to gain pricing in China. But that's one we'll continue to watch and try to drive mix and innovation there to get revenue realization.
Christopher Ferrara: Thanks a lot for the time.
Thomas Falk: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman: Can you talk a bit more about the Personal Care volume in international markets? I know you said Venezuela was a big impact on that. Is that something you could quantify? And are you seeing any sense of pressure and resistance to price increases in this market?
Thomas Falk: Yes, I think Venezuela was -- Paul, what was it? A couple of points of drag in the Personal Care numbers overall?
Paul Alexander: Correct. It took about a half of point out of our total consolidated volumes and it more skewed to Personal Care obviously.
Thomas Falk: So we saw broadly good results across most of the international markets, probably not as rapidly growing as in prior quarters. It's a little slower for us in Eastern Europe. We still had double-digit gains in China and high single-digit growth across Latin America, x Venezuela.
Gail Glazerman: Okay, great. And is it possible to break out and quantify some of the operating and one-off costs that you had in Personal Care in the quarter?
Thomas Falk: No, I mean that was -- we had several startups and some of them didn't go as well as planned. And so there wasn't any one thing that was as big of a deal. The bigger factor driving the margin was cost inflation and higher trade spending.
Gail Glazerman: And Tom, you had mentioned, I guess, some early signs of economic recovery. Is that something you can elaborate on? Where are you seeing it? Is it a change in buying patterns? Is it in K-C Professional?
Thomas Falk: Yes, a couple of areas. I mean, obviously, we expect the birthrate to stabilize and start to pick up in the U.S. in the back half of the year. And we look at lots of long range forecasts on that. A lot of it is related to consumer confidence and so forth. So we're seeing small positive signs there. In our KCP business, we saw -- we had double-digit volume growth in safety in the quarter, which is good. But manufacturing-related stuff is starting to move again. On the other hand, office vacancies are still bumping along the bottom. So not a lot of improvement in that segment. Lodging as well is at near historical lows. So it's kind of a mixed bag. But in some of the manufacturing segments, we're starting to see decent growth. We actually had decent volume growth in KCP in Europe, which -- Germany is heating up and recovering nicely. And then in the emerging markets, we saw, still, pretty solid volume growth in KCP. On Health Care as well, had decent volume growth this quarter, which has been a pretty stable performer. So we're past the H1N1 comps and are back to more normal growth in Health Care, which was positive.
Gail Glazerman: Okay, and just one last question. You've touched on some of this, but in terms of the price increases that you have announced, mainly for the North American market, can you give any sense of color to both the competitive and the customer response to that? And any areas that you did, particularly concerned about risk of trade down? I mean, [indiscernible] markets like paper towels seem to be still pretty weak for you. Are you concerned that this will just make that issue -- aggravate that issue I guess?
Thomas Falk: Yes. And I think our announced price increases were in bathroom tissue, diapers, baby wipes. And so I think there's been some competitive announcements on paper towels that we'll obviously be evaluating. I think that, like anything else in these things, you announce your price increase. I don't think I've ever seen a customer yet that said thank you for that, and so just as we don't want our suppliers to hand us cost increases. And so it's a competitive environment, and we'll see what happens in the marketplace. It was, I think -- recently, we had confirmation that one of our principal competitors is going to follow in the KCP front. Actually, a couple of other competitors lead price increases that we recently followed. So yes, I think it's not surprising. When you look almost across every category out there, you're seeing the impact of higher commodity costs show up in higher selling prices for everything.
Gail Glazerman: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wendy Nicholson with Citigroup.
Wendy Nicholson: Two questions. First, I know you don't like to give specific quarterly guidance. But I wanted to get a feel, I hope I didn't miss it, for any of the moving pieces in the second quarter. If most of the pricing isn't going to go into effect kind of until the summer months, I assume the second quarter is going to feel more gross margin pressure. But maybe you're going to get a volume bump as some retailers take inventory prior to the price increase? So can you comment on that sort of generally?
Thomas Falk: Yes. Well, we don't give any quarterly color on that. But I'd say you're thinking about the right variables. So in the second quarter, we'll not have much benefit from any selling price moves, at least certainly not in North America. And we do try to manage the amount that customers forward buy on pricing because it just screws up everybody's supply chain. So I wouldn't be looking for too big of a volume move there.
Paul Alexander: Wendy, the other thing I would add is in the near term, costs are going up sequentially. Although with the amount of shares that we bought back in the first quarter, that should start to benefit the bottom line number more going forward.
Wendy Nicholson: But fair to say, most of the FORCE savings will probably be back half loaded as well?
Paul Alexander: I think we're pretty steady implementers of those programs. So I think you should start to see those build as the quarters go.
Wendy Nicholson: Okay, fine. And then on currency, I know you sort of shifted the expectation there of 1-point benefit to a 2-point benefit on the top line. But I'm surprised you didn't call that out in terms of something that was going to insulate your earnings maybe a little bit more than expected. And can you remind us kind of what the translation is, or if there is a multiplier effect in terms of -- if currency is going to benefit the top line by 2 points, what's the impact on your operating margin or your operating profit? Is it the same 2 points or is it a little bit more?
Paul Alexander: It's roughly about that. It always depends on what currencies are moving. But essentially, the change from the 1-point benefit to 2 points of benefit on the top line translation to the bottom line is about $25 million or $30 million of operating profit. So it is one of those other items that is a bit better than we planned originally.
Wendy Nicholson: Perfect, okay. Thank you very much.
Paul Alexander: Thanks, Wendy.
Operator: The next question comes from Chip Dillon with Credit Suisse.
Chip Dillon: First question is, sort of just a dive in a little bit into the higher cost. It looks like the midpoint of your expectations are up about $275 million, but FORCE will offset $50 million of that. So I get to $225 million. And I hate to go sort of faster than the math, but that looks like about $0.35 to $0.40 a share after tax. And I suppose you'll get also some benefit from currency. But all added in, it looks like to offset that, you need about 2% higher average pricing over the second half of the year, which certainly seems reasonable given your announcements if you can get them. Am I on the right track there?
Thomas Falk: You're a little high on the price front. So basically, our cost inflation, we went up from $200 million to $250 million to around $450 million, I think. And so it was about a couple of hundred million move. If you get an average, about a 1/2 point more price, that's $100 million. Some additional FORCE cost savings. There's another $50 million. And then some benefits from currency and between the line spending and those kinds of things is roughly how you'd get there.
Chip Dillon: Okay, I'm sorry. I'm meant 2% for the half. So that would be about 1% for the year. I see. And of course, currency helps you as well. Now since you you've out both in the U.S. market on disposable diapers and on retail tissue, have you seen anything in the marketplace? Any movement from other competitors so far?
Thomas Falk: I believe that one of our principal competitors has confirmed that they're going up on diaper pricing and on roll tissue.
Chip Dillon: Got you. Okay. Got you.
Thomas Falk: You'll be able to ask them questions later this week.
Chip Dillon: Got you. Okay. That's pretty good. So for one that actually does answer your questions. That's good to know. And the last question, this is more for Mark, not to put you on the spot, I just wanted to get an update on the -- this is note 2 from the K. But when you look at the timber notes you all got back years and years ago, I think even carried about $615 million give or take on your balance sheet, which kind of overstates your debt and your assets, is that number still about right? And do you see that changing much in the next year or two?
Mark Buthman: No, I think we've got -- I think the disclosure sort of speaks for itself. We've got financing out there, the secured financing around the timber that we sold. And
Thomas Falk: This is more of a tax planning strategy. So nothing's really changed on that. Still remains in force, and we hadn't had to pay the tax yet, based on how it's been structured.
Mark Buthman: Yes, there's two notes in there, Chip, and we paid one of those off. That may be the movement that you're seeing.
Chip Dillon: Yes, so is it now below $617 million or is that...
Paul Alexander: Yes, it's about $400 million.
Chip Dillon: And was that paid off in the first quarter?
Mark Buthman: No, it was last year.
Thomas Falk: Yes.
Chip Dillon: Last year, got you. And last question, again, I understand how...
Thomas Falk: Hey, Chip, you're really getting into the 10-K. That's good.
Chip Dillon: We try to do our homework. Well, listen, the last question is, I know that a lot of these structures allow you to kind of -- obviously, the longer you can push this out, the better it is. Is this something that you believe you can keep pushing out, say, for more than 5 years?
Thomas Falk: I don't think we're going to go there on this one, Chip.
Mark Buthman: Yes. We're pretty deep in the dirt here, side. I think the disclosures sort of stands for itself.
Chip Dillon: Got you, I totally understand. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: I just wanted to ask a question or 2 about marketing spending because there were sort of no specific mention in the press release. And I know, coming to the year, the plan was your strategic marketing to increase faster than sales. Is that still the plan as we think about it as being more of an in line with sales, kind of year or even below?
Thomas Falk: Yes, no, I would expect to see absolute spending go up this year, but probably by about the same or slightly less than sales. And so we're getting pretty good returns on our innovations spend. We've got a lot of innovation coming. And we're also getting some efficiency in how we spend the money. So we think we're adequately funding the innovation, which is our near-term strategy.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, and then on paper towels, you guys -- I know you notably did not initiate pricing there in North America. But as we think through the fact that the volumes have been challenged for quite a while now, both category and your shares, what is the plan? I mean, is there innovation coming in towels? Is there efforts to regain some shelf space for Scott Towels? How do you guys thinking about the strategic outlook for that business?
Thomas Falk: Yes, no, we continue to drive innovation and gain distribution back on both Viva and Scott Towels. So we're back on air with Viva this year with Mike Rowe, our celebrity spokesperson for Viva. So we've actually -- that's out, and the team is making some headway with that. And so, yes, I expect to see us continue to support both those brands.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. And then finally, just on curtailment. So there was some curtailment expense in the quarter. Where did that leave you at the end of the quarter? Is there an expectation of further curtailment in Tissue in Q2 or 3? Or you think you're pretty clean from here?
Thomas Falk: Well, I think the way you should think about it is that we're really focusing on managing two variables. It is customers service levels and days inventories outstanding. And so we're taking curtailment as we need to, to hit those variables. And so I think part of the comparison to last year is that, because we were on allocation, our customer service wasn't where we wanted it to be. So we ran everything we had in tissue, particularly flat out in the first quarter last year. And this one was probably more normal sequentially to where we were in the fourth quarter.
Paul Alexander: Yes. And Lauren, so for the full year, curtailment really shouldn't be a positive or a negative. It should be pretty neutral.
Thomas Falk: Yes.
Lauren Lieberman: I'm sorry, so does the $25 million in this quarter -- does that sort of work its way through the system so it actually ends up being a positive from here? Or is it just there's no further impact?
Paul Alexander: Yes, it could be a small positive.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, great. I'll leave it there. Thank you so much.
Thomas Falk: Thanks, Lauren.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Schmitz with the Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz: A couple of things, one is kind of housekeeping. But if you look at your cost of goods sold breakdown and you kind of disclose pulp and polypropylene and some other things, that's only about 1/3 of your total cost of goods sold. So kind of what's going on with the other 2/3 that we really can't track as closely?
Thomas Falk: That should be more than 2/3.
Paul Alexander: Yes. I mean, our costs are going up, Bill, on packaging materials, adhesives. Really, just about everything that's going into our products are going up. Individually, they may be smaller. So we don't disclose them. But then they all add up.
William Schmitz: And so you assume similar inflation as some of the oil-based stuff and the pulp?
Paul Alexander: Yes. But basically, if you look at everything from polymer packaging material, adhesives, superabsorbent, they all use the petroleum molecule in some fashion. And so they're related to that.
William Schmitz: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then, again, Wendy asked the question about the second quarter. But if I look at some of the variances like, I think, last year, you had $105 million of FORCE savings in the quarter. You had a restructuring benefit. How do you lap all that stuff ?
Thomas Falk: Again, we're more focused on hitting the full year guidance at this point than trying to manage any one individual quarter to have a quarterly comparison that's favorable or unfavorable.
Mark Buthman: Yes. And last year, FORCE was pretty consistent across the year. So the big restructuring benefit we got was in the third quarter of '09. So year-on-year, we don't have the same comparison issue maybe that we wrestled with in the third quarter of last year.
William Schmitz: Okay, I got you. And then in terms of elasticity on some of this pricing -- I mean, are you seeing historical trends prevailing? Or has it gotten worse? I mean, how has it been trending?
Thomas Falk: Well, the other thing, when you look out there at every category, you're seeing this kind of pricing popping up. So it's certainly happening in food. It's happening in other non-food categories. It's happening at the gas pump. And so I suspect what you're seeing is the consumer potential is less sensitive. I think we're also getting more sophisticated in our pricing ability, in terms of targeting price points and understanding consumer shopper behavior. So where we're doing it with count versus list is more sophisticated as well. So we're intentionally trying to avoid having big elasticity challenges.
William Schmitz: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Lane with Jefferies.
Douglas Lane: Just looking at the gross margin trend last year. You saw the commodities went off. You saw sequential deterioration in the second quarter and the third quarter. And then in the fourth quarter, it really evened out. And frankly, if I remember right, it was pretty substantially better than what I was looking for. And then it looks like it's kind of reversed in the first quarter. So I'm wondering, what is the main difference in the gross margin landscape, which looked like it, at least on the margin, improving in the December quarter, and now it looks like it's going the other way in the March quarter?
Thomas Falk: Yes. I mean, sequentially, our gross margin was down about 170 basis points from Q4. A lot of that is going to be -- pulp and polymer in particular are up year-on-year. But I don't know if Paul can add any color on that.
Paul Alexander: Yes, Doug, the two main factors are first, as Tom mentioned, inflation, especially in the oil-based materials. They moved up quickly in Q1. And then the other thing is promotion activity. We had more trade promotion in the first quarter.
Douglas Lane: So are we going to see that sort of promotional give-and-take as prices go up so that we really won't get the full benefit of the price increase maybe, adjusted for promotions until they get really into the third or even fourth quarter?
Paul Alexander: Yes, I think we've got some activity in K-C International that you'll start to see in Q2. But the reality is, the big price increase in North America doesn't start to go into effect until the end of Q2.
Douglas Lane: Okay, thank you.
Paul Alexander: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erin Lash with MorningStar.
Erin Lash: Obviously, comp pressures aren't unique to Kimberly-Clark. But I was wondering if you could discuss or provide some additional details on your conversations with retailers, both domestically and abroad, in terms of the cost pressures and the pricing actions that you've been taking.
Thomas Falk: Yes, I think retailers certainly understand what's going on, because they're hearing it from every supplier. So whether you're selling cornflakes or Kleenex, you're seeing the impact of higher commodity costs show up in pricing discussions. And so retailers understand it. But they also want to understand how you're going to help them drive their business overall, and how you're going to make it relevant to the consumer and handle it in the shopping environment. So I think every one of those discussions goes a little differently, but that's basically the nature of it.
Erin Lash: And switching gears, beyond your share repurchase program that you've already announced, could you talk about your priorities for cash use and what you are appetite for potential acquisitions are in this environment?
Thomas Falk: Yes, sure. We continue to -- the dividend is important. We've increased our dividend at a rate faster than earnings for the last several years and have a top-tier dividend payout. So that's important to us. And then obviously, providing enough capital to invest in our business, to continue the innovation growth and top line growth in emerging markets that we've seen. So we'll spend close to $1 billion on capital spending this year. So that's obviously a key priority. And then where we see tuck-in M&A opportunities, we would obviously look for those. We're disciplined and approach it in that fashion. But I don't see anything substantial that's on the horizon at this stage.
Erin Lash: All right, thank you.
Thomas Falk: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John San Marco with Janney.
John San Marco: Could you drill down into the quarter's K-C International volume growth? Specifically, did it disappoint you at all? And I know there's both inelasticity and some Venezuela issues in those numbers, but presumably, neither of those are going away. So I'm looking for a reason to believe we'll get a recovery there as the year progresses and get something back to normal volume-wise.
Thomas Falk: I'd say you've seen a little bit slower category growth, growing out of China, for example, we've been growing in last year in the 25% to 30% range in Personal Care. We were double-digit this quarter, but lower double-digit. We've got a lot of aggressive expansion going on there, expect that to continue. But these are all competitive environments as well. And so the if Chinese economy slows a bit, you could see a little slower rate of category penetration in some of these markets. Latin America is going to be pretty solid. So we had x Venezuela, had volume growth in Personal Care that was high-single digits. That's pretty consistent with where it's been with good category penetration. Eastern Europe is probably the one that's been more of a challenge for us, and some of that's just going to take more competitive environment than more competitive pricing pressures. So that market actually dips in volume in the quarter, and we'd expect that to turn around and return to growth with some of the activity that we have planned there for the balance of the year.
John San Marco: Got it. So were you pricing ahead of your category in Eastern Europe, I take it?
Thomas Falk: It was more a competitive activity with pricing below us, and we were probably a little slow to come down.
John San Marco: Okay, and just one last question. You commented, I think, in your prepared remarks, that you're expecting live birth growth starting in the second half of this year from what's been a pretty severe decline. I guess my first question is, is that a global expectation? And how does that sort of add up geographically? And then secondly, can you share what data you're basing that expectation on?
Thomas Falk: Yes, the kind was really related to the U.S. market. And we've looked at various consumer confidence surveys to get a projection on that and use the same types of sources. We can get you the specific details if you're interested.
John San Marco: I'd love to. Thank you very much for taking my questions.
Thomas Falk: You're welcome, John. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Javier Escalante with Weeden & Co.
Javier Escalante: A couple of questions actually. One is clarification. If you could please revisit what's happening in North America diapers, right, Huggies' prices were down in the first quarter. I understand because of trade spending, right? And now you expect to a put price increase in place in the 3% to 7% range in the third quarter. But is this change in pricing has to do with preexisting promotional plans you had in place, meaning that it was sort of self-inflicted? Or was it in response to consumer trade down to Luvs, to the midyear pricing from Procter & Gamble?
Thomas Falk: No, I think two things. One is that there was a -- I think a principal competitor had made a count change to an effective bonus pack to add some diapers to the pack. Rather than do that, we decided to match on a price-per-diaper basis through higher trade spend. And so you saw that impact in the first quarter. Probably the other impact was looking at it versus first quarter last year. We had relatively fewer events scheduled as we we're getting ready for the Jeans diaper launch that happened in the second quarter last year. So there was more of a normal event calendar in the first quarter this year.
Javier Escalante: I see. Because I mean, my question relates to the price increase that Proctor announced -- is announcing to the retailers. My understanding is it limits only to Pampers, not to Luvs. So the fact that the price increase is only in Pampers, does it in any way, change your -- the attainability of the price increase for Huggies in the summertime?
Thomas Falk: Well, I think a couple of things. First of all, when we announced what we're going to do on price -- and then we see what shakes out in the marketplace and so I think the information on competition is emerging at this point in time. And we'll see what happens in the marketplace. Obviously, what private label does or other competitors do. And the second thing is, we've got a very strong innovation plan coming, with improved mainline Huggies that's beginning to roll-out as we speak. Jeans diaper coming in the second quarter, and then some strong infant care category innovation in the last half of the year. And so I think when you're coupling pricing moves with better innovation, that typically has a smaller impact on the category.
Javier Escalante: Understood. And finally, more strategic in terms of your global pricing strategy. By raising pricing in North America, but less so in Europe, which is understandable, right, because you -- I mean, the strength of private label there, you have sort of a disadvantaged market share position. Wouldn't you be pushing growth by leaving prices flat in Europe? Wouldn't you pushing growth in a business that is lower margin at expense of the North America business and therefore, hurting shareholder value? Is this like -- North America, certainly, is higher pricing. You have a better competitive position but at the same time -- if you can't revisit the whole European strategy there, because in the end -- if there's no growth in North America, there's even less growth in Europe.
Thomas Falk: So is there a question there, Javier, somewhere?
Javier Escalante: Yes, there is a question.
Thomas Falk: Okay.
Javier Escalante: The question basically is, why don't you just exit Europe?
Thomas Falk: Okay. Well, that's a different question. I thought you're going to ask -- no, I think the way the pricing strategies play out is that in every individual market, you look at the dynamics of cost and competition and you try to get as much net revenue realization as you can. And you do that through a multiple of ways. Some involve innovation, some involve list price, some involve promotion strategy. So we did some price realization in the U.K. on Andrex last year where we have a very strong brand, really by just adjusting our promotional depth and frequency. And didn't do anything with list price, and we're able to improve our revenue realization by reducing the depth and reducing the frequency. And so every one of our teams around the world is trying to improve their margins as much as they can by using all the tools that they have available to them. And so sort of a separate question long term is, where is Europe from an attractive standpoint? Overall, Europe generates substantial amount of cash. They delivered on their plan fully in 2010. And we know they're working hard to deliver on their commitments in 2011 as well.
Javier Escalante: You understand that what I'm saying is that basically you're subsidizing Europe by taking prices in North America and leaving Europe prices flat. And therefore, you are basically pushing growth in the market that has lower operating margins. And therefore, you're basically destroying shareholder value by doing that.
Thomas Falk: No, no. I mean, you really look at it market by market. So we're taking price in the U.S. because of the innovation strength, the competitive dynamics and the cost dynamics. In some markets in Europe where we can get price, we'll take price there as well. But it's really more about optimizing each individual market as opposed to a global pricing strategy.
Javier Escalante: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Linda Bolton-Weiser with Caris.
Linda Weiser: Listen, just kind of a big picture question about -- you've had commodity cost pressures pretty on and off for several years now, and you've been really good about finding cost savings and increasing your cost savings. And you're talking about more overhead cost reductions now. I mean, how does that affect your employees and morale? I mean, they're just constantly in a cost-cutting, cut this, cut that type of environment. Can you just kind of address that question about morale and giving them the idea that there's growth and not just cutting?
Thomas Falk: Yes, absolutely. And I'll be going from this call unto a call with our top 1000 leaders, and we're going to talk about our innovation plans for the back half of the year and the exciting things that we have coming in Huggies and U by Kotex and Poise and Depend and the great opportunity we have to continue to drive our KCP, wiper and safety business and all the exciting things coming in Health Care and how rapidly we're growing in international markets. And so it's not about cutting for the sake of cost cutting, it's managing those things that we can control so that we can invest in the long-term future growth options for our business. And where we're also telling, hey, we're not going to be victims see here. This is the way the world is everywhere. Everybody's got to be good on -- sharp on cost. We've got to be good at pricing. We've got to be good at innovation. And so we're going to make those tough trade-offs to do the most important things. And the nice-to-have stuff isn't going to get done. So you see, you get a little warm-up of my speech that's going to come to the employees in a few minutes.
Linda Weiser: Okay, thanks.
Thomas Falk: Thank you, Linda.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Faucher with JPMorgan.
John Faucher: Thanks. So want to talk -- I know you talked a little bit about, potentially, the prices of the inputs continuing to move up a little bit sequentially from here. As it has been mentioned before on the call that the gross margin performance year-over-year last year was a little bit volatile. So my math would say you guys had roughly a 6% cost of goods sold per unit inflation, basically taking the 10% COGS inflation, subtracting that unit growth, subtracting that FX. Should we assume a similar level for the second quarter? And then since the comps change year-over-year in the back half of the lesser level of COGS per unit inflation in the back half on an FX neutral basis, if that makes sense?
Thomas Falk: Yes. I mean, I think, directionally, without doing all the math in my head, that sounds right. But if you look at -- pulp is likely to go up again in April. Polymer is going up in April from where it was in the first quarter. So I think we'll probably have more relatively more cost pressure in the second quarter than we -- and the comps get a little easier in the back of the year.
Paul Alexander: Especially on pulp.
Thomas Falk: Yes.
John Faucher: Yes, okay. Great. And then not to sort of pick at this, but I thought it was interesting if you guys simply lowered the bottom end of the range of the guidance. And given the level of pessimism surrounding the numbers today, can you talk a little bit about -- if you we're to sort of hit the midpoint, or above from that standpoint, what do you think would need to go right in order to have a more positive outlook relative towards getting close to the higher end of your guidance?
Thomas Falk: Yes. Part of the reasons for widening the range was -- when you think about it, just our cost estimate alone swung by $0.45 a share from our last guidance to you. And today, we are operating with a $0.15 annual guidance range. So widening, it seemed appropriate. So how would you get to the top end of the range? If costs wind up being a little bit more positive in the back half of the year, if things settle down in the Middle East and oil, it wasn't that long ago, it was $85 a barrel. We're not predicting that. But if you saw some break in commodity costs in the second half, that would be a plus. Obviously, full realization of price and innovation and particularly in the back half of the year would get you north of the top end of the range and then delivering the kind of cost savings in SG&A that we talked about. And so we're aimed at doing all that, at least on the things that we can control, and think we still got a shot at the guidance range this year.
John Faucher: Okay, great. Thanks.
Thomas Falk: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Longley: I have some follow-up questions on the promotional activity for diapers in the U.S. and bath tissue in the U.S. I think those were highlighted in your press release too. And your net selling prices in the U.S., or North America, were a negative 3%, and net selling negative 2% for bath tissue. Was that about in line with the industry? Or would you say that, that net selling number, in both cases, was a deeper negative than the industry?
Thomas Falk: Well, I think, because of the factors that I talked a little bit about, is probably a little worse for us from a comp standpoint on the tissue front. As I said, in some areas, we had some supply challenges in the first quarter of last year. So have basically pulled back in promotions. And so now that we are back to more of a normal promotion environment in Tissue, that's a bigger negative for us than it would be for some other competitors. On the diaper front, part of our increase in trade was, again, getting back to a more normal, or a more robust promotional calendar. So that's probably going to be more our issue. And then we're matching up with some competitive activity with trade spending versus with other tools. What one in the U.S. where you put a bonus pack in that shows up as a different -- shows up as volume growth, not us higher trade spend.
Alice Longley: All right. But on the price per unit basis, would you say that in diaper child care, if you were to look at the numbers that way, would net selling prices be going down similarly throughout the industry?
Thomas Falk: Again, as I think, because of the timing of promotions, we're probably going to be at a little higher drag than the industry.
Mark Buthman: You'd see competitive pricing on shelf.
Thomas Falk: Yes.
Mark Buthman: It's more of a comparison issue.
Alice Longley: All right. And then should we expect the same sorts of numbers in both cases in the second quarter because the price increases won't come through yet?
Thomas Falk: No. I mean, I think the case of Tissue, our supply issues were stabilized about the second quarter of last year. So it shouldn't be as big of a drag.
Alice Longley: But in child care, it might be similar?
Thomas Falk: I would say, because we were launching the Jeans diaper last year, we'll be doing that again this year. So again, the comparison should be a little easier in the second quarter.
Alice Longley: Okay, and then once we get to the second half and we get these price increases, but maybe you'll also have incremental trade spend more than you did a year ago? I mean, are we going to see those price increases you said actually come through in the net selling prices that we see? Or are they going to be -- are the announced price increases going to be offset with incremental trade spending?
Thomas Falk: Well, that's obviously our focus, is to make sure that those announced list price increases do translate into higher net realized revenue in the back half of the year. If you take you list up and spend it all back, you know you won't have accomplished anything. And so we'll see what happens in the marketplace. But we certainly believe that pricing is justified based on the costs. And if you look at other categories, it's happening in lots of other categories around the grocery store.
Alice Longley: Okay, and then the final piece of that is just to circle back to a former question. You are not assuming much elasticity, so you're going to take this pricing and you don't think volume is going to be hurt?
Thomas Falk: Yes. I mean, you can see some short-term volume impacts, particularly if there's some consumer loading ahead of the price change or trade loading ahead of the price change. You can see some volumes swings. But we're not assuming any major volume drag at this point in time.
Alice Longley: So the only volume impact would be retailers loading up or not, not the consumer responding?
Thomas Falk: At this stage, that's our expectation.
Alice Longley: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Gere with RBC.
Jason Gere: Just a couple of questions. I guess, the first one, just talking about fem care and adult care. So while the diaper business, and I hate saying this, has been sagging. And I know you're starting to lap some of innovation. How come there hasn't really been any pricing here? Can you talk about that and just your expectations in North America for volume growth, that is?
Thomas Falk: Pricing in fem, adult. Yes, in some cases, the U by Kotex stuff was already by premium-priced. And so as we've seen our share grow, sort of we've been getting the benefit of mix on feminine care and really have seen good momentum. And, again, with much higher gross margin categories, the cost impacts have a lower relative impact on the overall cost structure. So we're really focused on driving our growth and return, based on our innovation there. Adult care, a similar story with both Poise and Depend. Categories are growing rapidly. That's probably our most sensitive consumer from a price-elasticity standpoint. The primary competitor's private label, where we know that there'll be a lag on pricing. And so we've got strong innovation and mix-accretive innovation coming, and are really going to get our net realized revenue improvements there through mix and volume.
Jason Gere: Okay. And just, I guess, going back to one of the earlier questions, just on the cost inflation assumption. I know you guys have confidence with what you're forecasting. But can you just lay out, like the worst-case scenario? What if pulp goes much higher than what you're anticipating? I mean, can you -- similar to what happened a few years ago, will you be more aggressive again, leading the charge, taking more price? Can you lean more on FORCE this year? Are you borrowing from next year's FORCE savings? And I just wanted if you could put -- lay out hypothetically a worst case scenario for us?
Thomas Falk: I think pricing is always set based on expectations. So we're looking at the forwards for oil. We're looking at all the industry forecasts for pulp. And if we saw that there was a much bigger spike coming, we wouldn't be shy about taking pricing where we need to, to recover that. I think the challenge has been that the commodity costs have not performed as forecasted. No one expected the Middle East to melt down here in the first quarter, which has driven oil up at a much more rapid pace. And so I think we're looking at all the same forecasts that we have in the past and that most of our principal competitors are. And as we see those expectations changing, we won't be shy about adjusting price going forward.
Jason Gere: Okay, and just a last question. I know you guys have given all your color on volumes staying intact in 1 and 2, not seeing consumers responding. I'm just wondering -- and just on the KCP side obviously that came in, it seems like it's doing better than maybe what we anticipated. So I'm just wondering how much the volume is better expectations just on the B2B business to kind of help out along the way, Health Care obviously lapping some of the H1N1. Can you just put a little context around that?
Thomas Falk: Ye. Certainly, both B2B businesses were strong volume performance in the quarter, probably have easier comps because of both of the economic downturn impact on KCP last year and then the H1N1 impact on healthcare last year. So that will help, I think, our overall volume performance. And I do think that you're seeing signs in some segments of the economy, that things are starting to get marginally better. So we'll look for that to be a volume boost for us this year.
Jason Gere: Okay, great. Thanks.
Thomas Falk: Thanks, Jason.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon with Credit Suisse.
Thomas Falk: Hey, Chip. Did you find something else in the 10-K you want to talk about or you...
Chip Dillon: No, we've done enough 10-Ks for 1 morning. But on the retail tissue side, we've seen a lot of activity from your competitors, your 2 big ones and even private label, on adding basically newer variants of Thru-Air Dried technology. And I was just wondering if there was something you can give us, some insight in terms of how you think about that and what maybe Kimberly might be doing going forward, especially as you realign your retail tissue footprint?
Thomas Falk: Yes. I mean, there's more TAD capacity out there, but it's also a lot more difficult to make a high-quality premium Thru-Air Dried sheet than just buying a machine and starting it up. So I'd say, both us and P&G have substantial experience in both the fabrics on those machines, as well as the chemistry to deliver an advantaged based sheet performance. And you'll expect to see some improvements in COTTONELLE that we think will be a step change in performance improvement on COTTONELLE, which we'll continue to make it the premium product that deserves the market pricing that we're going to have on it this year.
Chip Dillon: And do you think you have enough capacity to handle growth in the next, say, 2 or 3 years? Or will you need to address that?
Thomas Falk: Well, I think in the near term, we're getting good productivity growth through our lean/continuous improvement. And so certainly, for North America, we should be in pretty good shape from a capacity standpoint.
Chip Dillon: Thank you.
Thomas Falk: Thanks, Chip.
Operator: And at this time, we have no further questioners in the queue.
Paul Alexander: All right. Thanks, David. We'll turn it back to Tom for a closing comment.
Thomas Falk: Okay. Once again, it's a challenging environment. But we've laid out a plan that we think is aggressive, but will help us stay on track with our Global Business Plan. Thank you for your support of Kimberly-Clark.
Mark Buthman: Thank you.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas Falk - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee Mark Buthman - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Paul Alexander - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Constance Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Linda Weiser - Caris & Company Chip Dillon - Crdit Suisse AG John San Marco - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience in holding. We now have your speakers in conference. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Paul Alexander. Mr. Alexander, you may begin, sir.
Paul Alexander: Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's year end earnings conference call. Here in Dallas is : Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO; and Mike Azbell, Vice President and Controller. Here's the agenda for the call today. Mark will begin with a review of our fourth quarter results, followed by an overview of the additional actions we announced this morning. Tom will then provide his perspective on the results and discuss our 2011 outlook. We'll finish with Q&A. For those wishing to follow along, we have a presentation of today's materials including the key assumptions for our 2011 plan in the Investors section of our website, which is www.kimberly-clark.com.  Before we begin, let me remind you that we'll be making forward-looking statements during the call. There can be no assurance that future events will occur as anticipated or that our results will be as estimated. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a description of factors that could cause our future results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. I'd also like to point out that we will be referring to adjusted results. For 2010, that excludes a one-time loss in the first quarter for the re-measurement of the local currency balance sheet in Venezuela. For 2011, our adjusted outlook excludes anticipated costs for the pulp and tissue restructuring. Management believes that reporting in this manner enables investors to better understand and analyze our ongoing results of operations. For further information and reconciliations to comparable financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP, please see today's news release and additional information on our website. Now I'll turn it over to Mark.
Mark Buthman: Thanks, Paul, and good morning. Let's start with a few headlines. First, we delivered on our sales and earnings commitments in a challenging environment. Second, we had another strong quarter of cost savings and cash flow. And third, we are taking aggressive actions to improve value for our shareholders. Now let's cover the details of the quarter. Overall sales increased 2% to $5.1 billion. Organic sales rose 3% driven by higher net selling prices of 2% and one point of improved product mix. Lines were even with year ago levels. We benefited from innovation and targeted growth initiatives. On the other hand, we experienced a one point drag from declines in Venezuela and category demand remains soft in North America and Western Europe. For the full year, organic sales were up 2%. That's in line with what we expected back in October. Fourth quarter operating profits fell 3% with an operating margin of 13.8%. Benefits from top line growth and cost savings mostly offset input cost inflation of $220 million. Full-year cost inflation was $790 million, that's toward the high end of our previous estimate. Turning to cost savings, we finished the year strongly with fourth quarter savings from FORCE programs of $90 million. That brings full year savings to $370 million, an all-time record and a terrific accomplishment by our teams around the world. Fourth quarter earnings per share were $1.20 compared to $1.17 last year and included benefits from a decline in the tax rate and lower share count. Adjusted earnings per share for the year were $4.68, that's toward the high end of our previous guidance of $4.60 to $4.70 a share. Cash provided by operations for the quarter was $948 million as compared to all-time record of $1 billion in the prior year. I was really encouraged our cash generation continue to build sequentially throughout 2010. Regarding share repurchases, we bought 1.6 million shares of KMB stock in the quarter at a cost of about $100 million. We repurchased $800 million of our stock for the year.  Now I'll turn to a few highlights of our segment results for the quarter and as usual further details are in this morning's news release. In Personal Care, organic sales rose 3%. Sales volumes were up 2%. We delivered double-digit growth in Feminine Care, Adult Care and Baby Wipes in North America and high single digit growth in K-C International outside of Venezuela. On the other hand, volumes fell significantly in Venezuela and the Baby and Child Care categories in North America remain relatively soft. Personal Care operating margins of 19.4% were impacted by input cost inflation but overall remain very healthy.  Turning to Consumer Tissue. Organic sales increased 5%. Net selling prices were up 5%, reflecting actions to increase revenue in most markets and the timing of promotions in North America. Sales volumes were down 1% as gains across Asia and in our Kleenex Facial Tissue business in North America were more than offset by declines elsewhere. Operating margins of 10% improved sequentially from the third quarter and were above prior-year levels as higher net selling prices and cost savings more than offset cost inflation driven by higher pulp prices. Now moving to K-C Professional and Other. Organic sales were down 1%. Sales volumes fell 2% as the challenging environment continued to impact washroom sales in North America. In other areas of the business, volume growth was solid for our high-margin Safety and Wiper businesses in North America for our total KCP business in both Europe and K-C International. Operating margins of 14% were down somewhat mainly due to cost inflation, but they remain solid despite the tough environment. Lastly, Healthcare organic sales were down 7% as volumes were off 5%, and net selling prices fell two points. Organic volumes of high-margin medical devices were up high single digits again this quarter. However, overall volume comparisons were negatively impacted by five points as a result of increased demand for face masks in 2009 because of the H1N1 flu virus. In addition, category demand remains soft in the North American Supplies market. Operating margins were down significantly compared to last year. It's mostly due to ongoing I-Flow litigation-related costs. So that wraps up the review of the quarter. But before I turn it over to Tom, I'd like to cover some of the details of the actions we announced today to improve shareholder value. The first two actions further demonstrate our commitment to allocate capital in shareholder-friendly ways. First, we are increasing our dividend by 6% in 2011. That's our 39th consecutive annual increase, it will help us maintain our top-tier dividend payout. We continue to believe that our strong dividend distinguishes us among our peers, and it's an important part of what makes KMB an attractive investment. Second, we plan to repurchase $1.5 billion of our stock in 2011 as we leverage our strong cash flow and balance sheet. $700 million of the repurchases will be funded through incremental debt as we take advantage of the current low interest rate environment. This move will allow us to return cash to shareholders, while we maintain plenty of flexibility to fund our Global Business Plan. We continue to be committed to our current A rating and top-tier access to commercial paper. The third action is a two-year pulp and tissue restructuring. Let me spend a bit more time on this initiative. These actions will allow us to exit our remaining pulp manufacturing operations and improve the profitability and returns of our Consumer Tissue and K-C Professional businesses. In conjunction with the restructuring, we'll streamline, sell or close five to six manufacturing facilities, exit certain nonstrategic products, primarily non-branded offerings, and transfer some production to lower-cost facilities. Total costs are expected to be $280 million to $420 million after-tax with cash costs being about 25% to 50% of the total amount. As a result of the restructuring, we expect that by 2013, annual net sales will decrease by $250 million to $300 million, and annual operating profit will increase by at least $75 million. Consumer Tissue margins are expected to improve as a result of these actions about 150 basis points while K-C Professional margins should increase more than 50 basis points.  On a cash basis, the payback on these restructuring actions is about three years. So it was a difficult decision but one that's necessary to improve our competitive position to make us a stronger company. It's also further evidence of our focus on making portfolio choices and to the financial discipline that's the foundation of our Global Business Plan. So that wraps up my review.  To recap, we achieved our sales and earnings commitments for the fourth quarter, we delivered significant cost savings and strong cash flow and we're taking significant actions to improve shareholder returns.  Now I'll turn it over to Tom.
Thomas Falk: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Since Mark has already reviewed the fourth quarter, I'll share my perspective with you on the other full year and then I'll talk about our 2011 outlook. And then, of course, we'll get to your questions. In short, we're executing our Global Business Plan strategies even as the environment that we are operating in remains difficult. So let me begin with our full year 2010 results. On the top line, organic sales were up about 2%, that was on track with the estimate we provided you at the beginning of the year but it was below our long-range target. We delivered more selling price benefits than we expected, but volume growth was less than planned primarily due to soft category demand in North America. This was also particularly true in K-C Professional Washroom, Health Care Supplies and in portions of our consumer businesses, such as Diapers, Training Pants and Facial Tissue. Now with that said, we made excellent progress in our targeted growth initiatives. In particular, we had very good performance in 2010 in K-C International. Setting aside Venezuela, our Personal Care volumes in K-C International increased 9% in 2010. That includes mid-teens growth in Latin America and nearly 30% growth in China. Our growth strategies are taking hold in these markets, and we continue to be very excited about the future of our K-C International business.  We also delivered good results with our K-C Professional and our Healthcare growth initiatives. Our North American KCP team grew wiper and safety organic volumes by high single digits. That's also true for our global healthcare Medical Device business. We also executed our brand building initiatives well this past year. We launched a number of innovations including U by Kotex, New Poise and Depend Offerings, Huggies Jeans Diapers, Kleenex Hand Towels, new K-C Professional wipers and a number of product upgrades across K-C International. I'm very pleased with how consumers have responded to these innovations. We supported our brands and growth initiatives with $100 million increase in strategic marketing as we raised our strategic A&P investments much faster than sales. And we also increase R&D spending ahead of sales growth. These are important investments for our future. I'm encouraged that our marketing innovation programs are improving our brand's market positions. In the U.S., our market shares in the second half of the year were ahead of or even with our first half of the year levels in seven out of eight of our consumer product categories and we're growing ahead of our category rates in many areas of K-C International. On the bottom line, adjusted earnings per share grew 4% in 2010, somewhat below our Global Business Plan target. That was mostly due to cost inflation and the soft category demand in North America. In fact, the nearly $800 million of cost inflation we absorbed was an all-time high and more than double our original expectation for the year. Nonetheless, our teams responded to this challenge by delivering record FORCE cost savings in 2010, and we're making good progress in building a continuous improvement capability throughout our company, backed by the deployment of lean manufacturing practices and our global procurement organization. Finally, as Mark mentioned, we continue to generate strong cash flow and allocated it in shareholder-friendly ways. We raised our top-tier dividend early last year by 10%, and we bought back $800 million of Kimberly-Clark stock, which was about $200 million to $300 million more than we committed to you a year ago. All told, we returned $1.9 billion to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases. That represents a return of about 7% on each outstanding share. So all in all, while the environment was more difficult than we originally planned, our teams achieved a number of important accomplishments in 2010.  So now let's talk about 2011. Let me turn to the outlook. In short, we'll continue to do what's right for the long term, and we expect to deliver bottom line growth in 2011 that's in line with our Global Business Plan. we'll leverage our strong brands, bring innovations to market and pursued targeted growth initiatives. To support our growth plans, we will continue to increase our marketing investments faster than sales. At the same time, we'll manage our company with financial discipline with a strong focus on cost savings and cash generation. We expect another successful year with our FORCE program and our cost savings target in 2011 is about $200 million to $250 million. That's also roughly equal to our current outlook for cost inflation in 2011.  In terms of the external environment, we expect it to remain difficult particularly in the first half of the year. And while there are signs that some portions of the U.S. economy are covering, unemployment levels remains high and we don't anticipate a big pickup in market growth in the near term, although we are cautiously optimistic that consumer demand could improve as the year progresses. Our full-year plan assumes organic sales growth of 2% to 3% and that's similar to or slightly better than our 2010 performance. And this includes a one point drag from the combined impact of expected volume declines in Venezuela and the pulp and tissue restructuring that Mark just covered. On the bottom line, we anticipate adjusted earnings per share of $4.90 to $5.05. That's up 5% to 8% from 2010, which will put us back on track with our long-term Global Business Plan objectives.  So to summarize, we'll continue to do what's right for the long term. We expect bottom line growth in 2011 to be in line with our Global Business Plan, and we're taking aggressive actions to improve our company and deliver shareholder value. That wraps up our prepared remarks. And now we'll begin to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Chris Ferrara with Bank of America.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch: I wanted to ask about the restructuring. So obviously, it looks like a pretty big deal, I guess $75 million in savings, but is this kind of a first step? Or is this a toe in the water, if you will? I mean it seems like -- so this is closing some immediately get rid of some private label distribution, you're going to close down some pulp operations but what about the core of the rest of the business? Does this affect the rest of the business and do you think there's more potential savings than say, 150 basis points, through things like restructuring?
Thomas Falk: Good question. I would read into this exactly as we pitched that we're going to close five to six facilities. They're primarily not producing brand new products. And so this really won't affect our branded businesses from a volume standpoint anywhere in the world. And both these pulp mills were in a strong currency environments, and that's just make it tough for them to be competitive on a world pulp market. So exiting this last couple of own-make pulp operations is really the guts of this and then there are some other facilities that were primarily making either private label or hard rolls, non-branded products.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch: And I guess on a totally different note, I just wanted to ask about diapers, right. So there've been interesting category dynamics. I guess, Pants we've seen struggle for a while as a category. Towels are struggling, got better. Over the last five, six months, Diapers seem to have gotten worse where people seem to be trading down at the private-label into Luvs. Can you kind of diagnose what you think is going on there? And is there an end in -- is there any solution to getting this category to perk up a little bit more because it doesn't seem to be from a lack of innovation or lack of spending.
Thomas Falk: Good question. A couple factors. I mean the birthrate has stayed negative a lot longer than we would have thought causing the category to be down about a percent, where we would have expected the category to be up about a percent. In the fourth quarter, we saw some trade down as both private label and Luvs picked up share. P&G probably lost more share from their top-tier product. We actually gained some share in our top-tier products and lost some share in our mainline Huggies products. And so, we got some pretty aggressive innovation coming behind that. You may recall in the second quarter our jeans diaper, popped our diaper share up and we wound up essentially giving most of that back in the back half of the year which is part of the sequential comparison. But we expect the category trends to moderate a bit in 2011 probably toward the back half of the year. And we got a lot of innovation coming to make sure that we maintain our share levels at the level a brand leader should.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wendy Nicholson with Citi Investment Research.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc: My first question has to do with the 150 basis points of savings that you think you'll get from the restructuring on the tissue margins because tissue margins clearly now are well below where they were even three or four years ago. So I'm just thinking about long-term with the bump up -- 150 basis point bump up. Are we saying, hey a run rate for Consumer Tissue margins is only going to be about 12% or is there a chance we ever get back to the 13%, 14%, 15% we had a few years ago?
Thomas Falk: Well, that's certainly our goal. Obviously, this restructuring won't close all of that margin gap. But if you look at where we are pulp price, just last year, we had nearly $500,000 of pulp price increase and recovered less than half of that in selling prices in our Tissue segments. So we still got some room to recover price and margin in this category. So pulp price has moderated a bit. Hopefully we'll be able to see some margin improvement from that standpoint. In the meantime, we're driving mix and price wherever we can, and you saw some of that in the Tissue segment in the fourth quarter with about five points in that price.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc: And your outlook, though, for that business just for 2011 in terms of price -- I guess your outlook for the overall price impact for next year surprised me that it was a little bit higher but I assume in Consumer Tissue with pulp prices still relatively high, pricing will be more than just 1%. Is that fair?
Thomas Falk: Yes, I think that's probably right. I think the other factors is that as we look at what's going on in Venezuela, we are able to see price in markets like that as well so.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc: Is there any guidance you can give us in terms of the timing or the pace of the buyback program, sort of should we think about that being spread evenly across the year? Is there any particular quarter we're going to see more on that?
Thomas Falk: I'll let Mark touch on that.
Mark Buthman: Yes, that will be weighted heavily toward the first half of the year, Wendy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Can you just talk a little bit about what you've been seeing in pulp costs lately? And just what opportunity -- it seems like there's a gap building between hardwood and softwood, if you have any opportunity to take advantage of that?
Thomas Falk: Yes, sure. Well, first of all, everybody I think had expected pulp to start to come down even in the back half of last year and it's been pretty sticky at surprisingly high levels. In the fourth quarter, I think inventories in pulp came down another couple of days and the pulp market is still relatively tight and you are seeing pricing being fairly firm as we ended the first quarter here. Certainly, the gap between softwood and hardwood is one that we tried to exploit so to the extent that we can substitute more eucalyptus for northern softwood that is a strategy that we'll continue to employ while making sure we don't make any trade-offs on tissue quality.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Pulp prices held up pretty well but there has been some talk of discounts widening. Is that something you've seeing in your experience?
Thomas Falk: I would say not substantial. The market has been fairly tight and you're also seeing it in other markets, secondary fiber is usually another way to look at the tension in the pulp mark and secondary fiber has been pretty quiet and availability has been even a challenge in some parts of the world. So it is, there's not an abundance of fiber around at this point and that makes for a good pricing environment for the sellers, not so good for the buyers.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Just switching gear. Can you talk a little bit more about what you're seeing in the North American Paper Towel business? Are you still posting, kind of double-digit declines, so, at some point you should be I presume cycling past the slowdown and the economic impact there?
Thomas Falk: Yes, a couple of things going down there, private labels has been the big winner and then probably to a lesser extent Bounty Basic. So the category has shifted down. I think private label sales were up a couple of points in towels last year, and we launched share and so did many of the other minor brands. So that's been the challenge and so we lost some distribution last year. We got some of that back in 2011, and so our momentum sequentially should be a little bit better from a distribution standpoint. And we've got an aggressive product and promotion plan to make sure that we stem the share losses and start to get those back in a more positive foot. We saw a little bit of share uptick in the fourth quarter in our Towel business which is a positive sign but we got to keep that going.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: On the curtailment in the fourth quarter, were those focused in any one segment and is that something that will probably continue in the first quarter or we'll start to see that ease out?
Thomas Falk: I don't know, Paul, if you've got some details on curtailments in the fourth quarter?
Paul Alexander: Yes, it was spread fairly evenly through all the businesses. It wasn't isolated to one individual one.
Thomas Falk: One of the things you're seeing is that -- and maybe Mark can talk a little bit about this, we are much more focused on targeting cash conversion cycle, and making sure we're keeping our inventories in line.
Mark Buthman: Yes, our inventories are down about -- I think our total cash conversion cycle is down about three weeks from the start of 2009. We ended the year at about where we wanted to be in inventories. With soft demand we're working had through lean and continuous improvement to keep our inventories in line, and we're much more attuned to taking downtime when demand doesn't support production. So I think you're going to see that more as just an ongoing normal part of our business going forward.
Paul Alexander: Gail, I think you for the full year of 2011, if our volumes come in like we're expecting, you shouldn't curtailment be a big mover, one way or the other. It should be pretty neutral for the full year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Sawyer with Goldman Sachs.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I was hoping to follow up a little bit on the pulp price side and in light of the tight demand dynamics -- supply demand dynamics, I was wondering if you could explain why you're looking for some deflation across the year and how that impacts your planning assumptions and budgeting for price and promotion?
Thomas Falk: Yes, good question. We tend to buy all the industry pricing forecasts, and so we took -- there's three or four of them that we look at. We average those and that's what we plug into our model. So we tend to try not to think that we're smarter than the market. We rely on others that are looking at these things for a living and so that's basically what all the forecasters are calling for, is for those -- pulp to soften a bit in the back half of the year. And so we factor that into our pricing and promotion assumptions.
Mark Buthman: And I think keep in mind, Andrew, we are at near all-time record prices. and I think the relative value of the dollar drives that, demand from Asia drives that, production capacity drives that. And so our outlook isn't for a dramatic decrease but more a slight downtick consistent with what industry experts would say off a pretty high base.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And maybe reframing it, I mean you got some win ended a year ago and while not surprising to do upside and you guys did a nice job of just kind of mid-course correcting. How should we think about the flexibility to mid-course correct if pulp does remain at or above what you're think for the year?>
Thomas Falk: That's a good question. Everyone of our teams is really focused on that, what opportunities do we have from a pricing standpoint, what opportunities do we have from accelerating cost savings, are there other things that we can do to manage risk on commodities differently. So each team is focused on what happens if pulp doesn't come down or what opportunities do we have to adjust and still deliver our results.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: On the emerging markets side, it looks like you've gotten some nice pricing through on the Tissue portion of the business. How are you seeing the consumers react from a demand perspective to the inflation they're seeing in their baskets?
Thomas Falk: You're seeing inflation in a lot of markets around the world these days. So if you go to a market like China or Vietnam, I mean there is a quite a bit of inflation in those local economies broadly. And so we're not out of stuff with everybody else and you're seeing that kind of pressure flow through lots of places these days.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Well, I guess I'm just asking are you seeing abnormal elasticities or anything you wouldn't expect out of this vast inflation?
Thomas Falk: No, from a volume standpoint, you can see the kind of category growth we're still experiencing. So the categories still seem to be pretty robust. And the consumer, their purchasing power is improving as well. You're getting lots of wage inflation on those markets as well so their purchasing power isn't taking as big of a hit here as you would expect in another market that was experiencing cost increases without wage increases.
Operator: Next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research: I wanted to follow up actually a little bit on that question about the emerging market pricing, but with a twist, which is not about the Consumer Tissue business but the rest of the business particularly Personal Care as you look forward. You're saying about 1% price going forward. Consumer Tissue prices sound like you're going to be up just kind of as you described earlier. So Personal Care prices, what should we expect there? And in particular, in the emerging markets, ex-Venezuela price increases, what should we expect there for Personal Care? And I guess in that context, if you just got a competitive environment there for the Personal Care business outside the U.S. will be helpful.
Thomas Falk: If you looked at our Personal Care pricing in the fourth quarter, ex-Venezuela, there was not a lot going on there. There are pretty very, very minor swings. It's much more a volume story. And so our opportunity in most of the emerging markets is to drive mix where we can by offering improved products and continuing to drive the consumer up the product performance scale. But beyond that, there isn't a huge amount of price. There were some areas where we took some temporary price reductions to match up with competitive activity. That may ease a little bit in 2011 and that's about, I think, kind of what you'd see in Personal Care.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research: I guess that's the reason I call it a follow-up because it's odd to me in an inflationary environment elsewhere. So are you unable to take pricing in line with inflation on Personal Care? It sounds like you might be. And if so, why?
Thomas Falk: In some cases in the emerging markets where their are currencies are strengthened they have been able to handle the material cost increases better, except pulp is up so much that, that has overwhelmed the benefit of their currency appreciation.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research: No, but in Personal Care I guess in Personal Care, it sounds like you can't take pricing in line with inflation if my understanding of your last question is right, in the emerging markets?
Thomas Falk: I'm just saying more of the pricing in international market is probably going to be in the Tissue side than on the Personal Care side in 2011. And it's not that you don't have the elasticity, it's that you're more focused on driving category growth and making sure your priced right and relative to competition in the marketplace.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research: So the competition is getting tougher in the emerging market in Personal Care?
Thomas Falk: It was in 2010.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research: And your projecting going forward for 1% for the year pricing with Consumer Tissue being up and pricing in Venezuela, for example, if that continues, is that a fair assessment?
Thomas Falk: That sounds reasonable, yes.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research: Another longer-term question, just trying to get underneath your kind of your long-term algorithm using 2011 as a jumping point. 2% to 3% organic sales growth which actually sounds like 3% to 4% organic sales growth if you exclude the restructuring and kind of Venezuela. And you're taking that and you're turning now to 5% to 8% EPS growth. How should we think about that going forward given that you can't continue -- one can't continue to buy back $1.5 billion of shares forever? So what improves to get to your long-term EPS growth rate?
Thomas Falk: The biggest gap in 2011 versus our long-term model is we're not bringing as much of the gross margin improvement that we expect down to operating margin improvement. So instead of seeing 30 to 40 basis points of operating margin improvement in 2011, it's more like zero to 10 basis points in that range. And so part of that is we're still investing at a bit more of an aggressive rate on A&P. We're investing more in R&D. We've also got a little bit of a drag in 2011 where our incentive comp didn't pay out, that target in 2010, we're planning in 2011 that it will. So that's probably a drag that in a normal year-on-year situation you won't have as much of.
Mark Buthman: I think, Ali, too the general economic outlook is for continued relatively high unemployment. Generally weak sort of Packaged Goods category demand particularly in North America and Western Europe. And as the economy starts to recover, I think some of our products and some of our categories will kind of rebound with that. So our focus near term is to try to do all we can to drive margins through cost savings, improve product mix, get pricing where we can, leverage our balance sheet for support. And as the economy turns, I think you're going to see us get back on track for our long-range business algorithm.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research: Just around the restructuring, it's very laudable, appreciated though that you're doing a restructuring makes sense, I like it. But I guess the question I have is, you're saving $75 million, costing you, call it $350 million, so the ROI -- just very basic divide the two numbers ROI, 4.6 to 1. Is this the best place you could have spent your money from a restructuring perspective? Or were there other places that you think you could have done -- and I guess why were there not other places where you could have gotten a better return on that restructuring?
Thomas Falk: I think these were the right decisions for our Tissue business at this point in time. These were facilities and businesses that we didn't think would earn our cost of capital over the long term and that we needed to exit it. The asset costs on pulp mills, they tend to asset-intensive complex operations, which makes it a bit more expensive to exit them because they were essentially producing pulp at costs that were not that far off market rate. The savings are a little lighter as you exit them. So while we would say it's not as good of a payback as other restructurings that we've done, it was the right thing to do from a shareholders standpoint. It's about a three-year cash payback under the midpoint of our assumptions here.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG: Could you just give a little bit more color on the price and promotion environment in the fourth quarter? I know we kind of talked about it ad nauseam so far in the call, but is there a cease-fire going on right now? Or was it kind of the year-ago comparison was difficult? So I know you're only planning for 1% pricing going forward but to do with sort of five points of pricing in Consumer Tissue and only have negative 1% volume, that's amazing elasticity. So can you just comment on that broadly and also just in the short term?
Thomas Falk: You see, Bill, we're not feeling sick yet so you can hold the ad nauseam, I guess. Well, you probably saw more with timing of promotions year-over-year there's a little bit more activity last year than this year. And so there wasn't a lot of other competitive noise -- it's still a competitive marketplace out there. I don't know, Paul, is there any other...
Paul Alexander: I think maybe, Bill, if you just look at the third and fourth quarter and average them, that's more reflective of the marketplace.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG: So what level of inflation is great for the industry? You know when is it too much and when is it too little? Because everyone kind of rings their hands about inflation but if you correlate it with your stock prices it's actually pretty correlated to some modest inflation is when it does best so is there a way to kind of benchmark down?
Thomas Falk: Yes, I think we would say what environment we'd like to operate in is probably more price stability and relatively predictable economic growth. I think our challenge is probably more that we've had a lot of volatility and the economies haven't been and categories haven't been growing particularly well.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG: Do you have a metric on what percentage of your branded businesses are holding or taking market share? Do you have that number handy?
Thomas Falk: Yes, we tend to look at it by each of our portfolio roles, where we are gaining share, where we attempted to gain share and where are we holding share. I think we commented that for the year, about half of or in the fourth quarter, seven out of eight were up versus the first half. So I don't know if there's a specific question that you're looking for there.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG: Well, if I look at some of the outlet data in the U.S. and with the exception of U by Kotex and the Kotex business which has been great. It seems like there's still quite a bit of market share friction happening.
Thomas Falk: You're looking at the three outlet data.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG: Exactly, right. What am I missing?
Thomas Falk: The three outlet would exclude Wal-Mart, Costco...
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG: No, I have Wal-Mart in there. So I have the Wal-Mart panel but I don't have Club [ph] in there.
Thomas Falk: The panel data for some of our categories isn't that representative because it didn't have that many diapering households in it. But I don't know, Paul, you got the share chart in front of you.
Paul Alexander: Bill, if you just look at the full year for 2010, we're up or flat in about half of our categories and that would be Fem Care, as you mentioned, Adult Care is up strongly and then Child Care is up as well. We're flat in Facial Tissue, although improving in the second half of the year very nicely. And then where we have lost a little bit of share is in Bath Tissue and Towels. And then Diapers is down about one point for the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from John San Marco with Janney Capital.
John San Marco - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Can you talk about the advertising and research investments that you referenced in an earlier question? It looks like 2011 will be the fourth straight year of increasing those investments as a percentage of sales. What's your long-term target for the spend levels? And how do you target them and what's the long-term plan there?
Thomas Falk: We focus on we would say a healthy P&L would have gross margins improving every year. We'd invest a portion of that in innovation, both in marketing spend to loss innovation, as well as R&D to help develop the innovation and still bring some of that gross margin improvement down to an operating margin improvement. And so as you think about our Global Business Plan, that's how we're working it. As the business grows, you should get some efficiencies in the SG&A area, and so the combination of that would see gross margin growing 30 to 40 basis points, a little bit faster growth in A&P and innovation. Some leverage from SG&A and translated into operating margin improvements. And so I'd say in these last couple of years, we have been increasing strategic marketing spending at a little bit faster pace so that rate of growth will probably tail off but I hope we are in a position where we've got great innovation coming that improves our margins and we keep that good growth flywheel turning.
John San Marco - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: And then just in helping me model this upcoming year, can you bridge the substantial margin decline we saw in Healthcare? How much of that was litigation-related and your outlook on that versus how much of it was related to de-leveraging from volumes?
Thomas Falk: I mean, really virtually all of the margin decline was litigation-related. We'd expect that the litigation-related costs in 2011 should be pretty similar to or perhaps slightly higher than what we experienced in 2010. So that should help you with your model from that standpoint.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays Capital.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Just wanted to talk again about the restructuring. So first thing was is it correct then to assume that this work is sort of unrelated to any need to take downtime or curtailment as the year goes through? This is not related necessary to the volume decline we've seen in the tissue over the last two, three years?
Thomas Falk: That would be correct. These are basically non-branded products that in many cases, it will be selling the mill with the related non-branded business that would go with it.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: So why when you spun out -- why did you hang onto those integrated mills versus the decision to move on from them today?
Thomas Falk: Well, because they are integrated is the challenge. The two that we named, the one in Australia is it feeds us less pulp into a tissue mill. And so we're going to shut down a couple of assets in the tissue mill but it's also the site of our Australian tissue capacity that feeds the rest of the Australian businesses and all of our branded products. And so we couldn't in the timeframe that we're doing that, come up with a way to carve those things out. And at the time when we did that spin off, the dollar was probably closer to a $0.50 dollar than it is today. And that makes a big difference on the global competitiveness of that pulp asset. Everett is somewhat the same story where Everett has been a facility we've had since the Scott merger and the pulp from that pulp mill has gone into that tissue-making facility and we have made a decision now that we're going to pursue a sale of that facility.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: And so the businesses that you are exiting, if we think about the consumer Tissue piece at about 150 basis point benefit, so that's the structural change in profitability to the business that would exist whether pulp is high or pulp is low?
Thomas Falk: Yes.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: And then, where are -- if you can share it your utilization rates on, I guess, your current manufacturing infrastructure today in Tissue versus where it will be after?
Thomas Falk: They will be pretty similar. We will wind up moving a little bit of product loading around out of some of these facilities that we're exiting. But I would say, broadly our utilization rate will be pretty similar. Remember, we're also buying some tissue in on the outside and bringing that in and converting it. So there may be an opportunity to do less of that and load up some of our existing facilities to a greater level.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: And then just turning to K-C Professional. I know it's not been very long since you last reported, but last quarter you kind of mentioned that there's been some business that you lost. You decided to price and then sort of walked away or lost some business, that wasn't able to happen. Has there been any progress or improvement or change in strategy on what you're doing from pricing or what contracts you want to hold onto standpoint?
Thomas Falk: Yes, I would say the marketplace is aggressive. We're stepping up our game to make sure that we're strategic and staying with the piece of the business that we're excited about. And you're seeing our sales force be probably a little more aggressive in the market place today. We're also seeing really good growth on our Wipers and Safety business and that is carrying some pieces of Washroom business with it which is good to see. So it didn't show up in the volume trends in the fourth quarter, but we're expecting to see that tick-up as we enter 2011.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Just final question for clarification. When you guys talk about strategic marketing, is that all in SG&A or does it include any of the promotional spending?
Thomas Falk: No, it's all between the lines. It's all in the SG&A lines.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon with Crdit Suisse.
Chip Dillon - Crdit Suisse AG: Listen, on the restructuring, I apologize if I missed some of the last question but the two mills, I think you said in North America where you still are integrated where, I think you mentioned Everett, is the other one Huntsville, Ontario?
Thomas Falk: No. We only have one integrated mill in North America, which is Everett. The other was the mill in Australia.
Chip Dillon - Crdit Suisse AG: And with your goal is to sell actually because I would imagine where pulp prices are there might be interested in these.
Thomas Falk: Certainly, Everett we'll be pursuing a sale. I think in the mill in Australia is probably the more likely that it will wind up as a closure, but you never know.
Chip Dillon - Crdit Suisse AG: And with the Everett sale, are you concerned that someone might actually buy that mill and compete with you in the Tissue area? Or is your intention to sort of dismantle the tissue portion and just sell the pulp asset?
Thomas Falk: No, we'd look at selling the mill in its entirety as an operating facility.
Chip Dillon - Crdit Suisse AG: I guess the last thing on the whole restructuring. If your revenue drops $250 million to $300 million, it looks to me just in a very rough sense that this could represent I don't know 300,000-ish tons as a way to measure it, just sort of given where I've seen prices in the past and I guess 1/3, I guess 200 of that would be in Everett and the other hundred or so would be Australia. Is that a kind of a way to look at it?
Thomas Falk: You're talking about the pulp tons?
Chip Dillon - Crdit Suisse AG: Well, no, the actual tissue tons.
Thomas Falk: Yes, that's probably in the ballpark, I'd say. Across the -- there's five or six facilities involved, we've only named two of them. But we've named the two largest and so you're probably in the ballpark.
Chip Dillon - Crdit Suisse AG: And then on the first quarter, just so we kind of get a feel for the year and you might have mentioned this and apologize if I missed it, but often you give us like a guidance for the quarter whereabouts that we're in. Do you see 1Q '11 being similar to the first quarter of '10? Or do you think you're going to start out above or behind and ramp in one way or the other from there?
Thomas Falk: No, we have kind of quit giving quarterly guidance last year. So we've given you the annual guidance. I guess all I would say is that I would say that the year will be a little bit back-end loaded where we'd expect to see some better category growth from a consumer standpoint, as well as some modestly lower commodity costs in the back half and then our cost savings should build as we go through the year. So we expect to see stronger finish to the year at this stage.
Chip Dillon - Crdit Suisse AG: And then last question. You mentioned in North America the 2% volume decline in Consumer Tissue and I know that it's a very strong quarter for Facial. But was there more going on because you mentioned within the context of that decline, mid-single digits down in Bathroom and double digits in paper towels. What was just the mid single digit growth in facial enough to create that, the overall 2% decline or was there more going on there?
Thomas Falk: No, probably more the decline was Towel-related but the Facial category has been a little bit weak, because of a weak cold and flu season. So even though we picked up share sequentially, the categories not been that robust. We're seeing a little bit better symptomology in the first quarter and so we may wind up with a little later cold and flu season, we'll have to see.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Faucher for JPMorgan.
John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Quick question on the capital this year. So you're obviously making a little bit of a shift in terms of your willingness to take on debt in terms of buying back stock. I think if we marry this with some of the performance on the Health Care side, I think what we would say is -- investors have struggled to figure out the strategy behind Health Care. Are you telling us now that look, there's going to the fewer acquisitions going forward and it's going to be much more about returning capital to shareholders? Or do you view this as more of an opportunistic thing given where interest rates are and given where your current debt levels are?
Thomas Falk: Really more the latter, John. We just see with what you can borrow long-term money for today relative to our dividend yield. It's a no-brainer and we've sized this to leave us with some financial flexibility within our A credit rating to still take advantage of our opportunistic tuck-in M&A. And so while we're disappointed with some of the litigation-related costs that we took in the Health Care business, the I-Flow deal was still a very good acquisition for us. The business is performing well, ex the litigation costs. I mean, the volume is there, the margin is there. We're seeing good momentum with the sales team and so yes, we still obviously, wish the litigation results were a little bit better but we still are pretty bullish about that acquisition long-term for us.
John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And sort of continuing with the use of proceeds theme, as you look at some of these asset disposals, any thoughts in terms of what the capital usage will be? And is that factored into any of your savings numbers in terms of selling off facilities, what-have-you?
Thomas Falk: The proceeds should be probably fairly modest in this. I don't think it will affect our cash outlook. I think the pulp mills are somewhat capital intensive to keep running. So that will probably help us deploy the capital spending that would have been spent on these facilities to some of our higher-margin opportunities.
John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then finally, one more sort of housekeeping question. A couple of years ago, you guys had talked about making a switch to GAAP and I don't think it's a big deal one way or the other. And obviously, if you look at the charters, et cetera, you've moved away from that, sort of. I'm assuming this is okay, look, we tried going to GAAP. It turns out there's just so much volatility, what-have-you. Should we just assume that you guys have moved away from that whole GAAP concept at least for the foreseeable future?
Thomas Falk: No, I would say my life preference is to have cleaner earnings without a lot of one-time charges. On the other hand, I do want to try to be as transparent as I can. And we're not going to shy away from taking decisions that we think can create shareholder value if it will result in a unusual item. And so we're going to try to balance that and give you as much transparency as we can of what's in the numbers and things that are big that we think may distract investors from understanding what's actually happening in the underlying business we'll call out separately. But our long-range goal is to have reported GAAP numbers.
Mark Buthman: I think the only other add is this is going to take a couple of years to play out. So it's not a calendar year, it's not something we can complete within 12 months. And it's sizable enough so there's an element of time that goes into that decision as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: My question is about Personal Care in North America. Are you expecting Child and Infant Care volumes to continue being down low to mid single-digits in 2011? And also, do you think in the category, there will continue to be downward shift in the mix?
Thomas Falk: No, we would expect to see a modest volume improvement in 2011. We think the category is probably is going to be fairly flat which would be an improvement from where it was in 2010. So just the category getting a little healthier will help us. But we've also got a pretty good innovation plan coming in 2011 that we think will help from that standpoint.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: So are you assuming you gain shares this year?
Thomas Falk: Well, yes, we lost about a point of share in 2010 in Diapers, so we'd expect to get that back. And we picked up share in training pants. Our momentum in Baby Wipes was positive in the back half of the year. So we'd expect that to continue and the combination of all of those should help our Baby Child Care volumes in 2011.
Paul Alexander: Alice, the only other thing I would mention is that we're watching the category closely. It's still likely to be down in the first half 2011.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And I think you did say that you think you'll gain share a little bit in Diapers this year in volume terms?
Thomas Falk: Yes. But if you ask me that every year, Alice, I would tell you that, that's our plan. So we don't ever have a plan that says we lose share in diapers.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: But even in your plan, maybe you'll do it more in the second half than the first.
Thomas Falk: Yes. We've got a fair amount of innovation coming so I think we're focused on getting the share back that we lost in the fourth quarter.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And then over in Consumer Tissue in North America. You got two points from favorable product mix, what was that?
Thomas Falk: We're getting good trade ups in Bathroom Tissue and particularly COTTONELLE.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: So it's basically trade ups to COTTONELLE?
Paul Alexander: It's trade ups within the COTTONELLE like Aloe & E or Ultra.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: So it's trade ups within COTTONELLE to the more value-added versions?
Paul Alexander: Yes.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Do think that indicates a stronger consumer or is that just you doing a better job marketing or something?
Thomas Falk: Well, probably a little bit of both. And I think in some categories you're see this trading up-trading down phenomena where you see the Super Premium segment growing and the Value segment growing and kind of the Mainline segment shrinking. And Bath Tissue is one where we're seeing that a bit lately.
Operator: Our next question comes from Priya Ohri-Gupta from Barclays Capital.
Priya Ohri-Gupta: I just wanted to see if you can give us some color on the timing of your debt issuance, whether you're going to utilize some of your CP at first and then term it out or just come straight to the market? And if you could sort of elaborate on what leverage target you have?
Mark Buthman: Priya, a guesstimated answer to the part or the second part of your question first, we're targeting solid A credit metrics and access top tier commercial paper. So there's a whole range of metrics within there and we'd like to be solidly in that space. I think post this move will do that. In terms of timing and nature of the debt issuance, we've got to see how the markets play out. So we've got a plenty of CP capacity that we could utilize and obviously long-term rates are pretty low relative to historic terms. So our trade routine is taking a look at both timing and nature of it and as soon as we make a decision and go to market, you'll know.
Operator: Our next question comes from Linda Bolton Weiser from Caris & Company.
Linda Weiser - Caris & Company: Back when Wal-Mart made some of their strategic changes and kind of reduced a lot of the SKUs on the shelf, it seemed like the Tissue Towel section did kind of become simplified, not as many iterations for SKUs. What are the changes going on now, now that Wal-Mart is doing some things different. Are you finding there's more opportunity now to get more iterations of things on the shelf? And also we thought we saw at Wal-Mart fewer facing for Viva paper towels on the shelf, really very reduced. Is that the case and can you just comment on what's going on there?
Thomas Falk: Yes, we lost some distribution in towels at Wal-Mart in 2010. We've got some of it back later in the year. And as it relates to Viva specifically, there could be some regional differences depending on where you shop, where we've got more distribution in some parts of the country than others. So overall, I would say we have seen some improvements in our distribution on a sequential basis, but we've still got some work to do to get to where we want to be.
Linda Weiser - Caris & Company: Can I also ask a question about the dividend? In terms of the 6% increase, it seemed like other than the recession year where I think it was up only 3%, it's been more of an 8% to 9% dividend growth rate. So,should we think of that as more 6% going forward or just because you did some more share repurchase or can you explain that policy?
Thomas Falk: Sure. What we tend to do is we're targeting a real increase in dividend growth over time or growing it at a faster rate than our earnings growth. And so for me, it tends to kind of follow the prior year earnings growth rate. So if you go back to '09, we had a very good earnings growth performance. We had a higher dividend increase in 2010. In 2010, we had a little bit weaker earnings performance so we had a little bit lower dividend increase in 2011. And so I'd look at the prior year earnings growth as an indicator for what we might be thinking about from a dividend increase.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Gere with RBC Capital Markets.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Just a quick question. I guess thinking about just the timing and the magnitude of some of the integration that you are doing, the Diapers and Consumer Tissue, I'm just trying to get a perspective on what you did in 2010. Clearly, U by Kotex was a success. The marketing spending you got great ROI. So I'm just trying to think about how should we think about what changes might come in those categories especially when you are seeing softer growth right now and probably needs some good innovation coming to the market?
Thomas Falk: I think we've got a very solid lineup again in 2011. And I think that's an expectation you should have for us going forward and not just in the U.S. market but in the international markets as well. So we're setting increasingly higher innovation targets for ourselves around the world to make sure we're building our brands and improving our margins and mix going forward. So U by Kotex was great. We're supporting it again with more launch activity and new items in 2011. Jeans diaper was great in 2010, expect to see good innovation coming from Huggies in 2011. Our Kleenex hand towel launch met its objectives in 2010. Expect to see more coming from that in 2011. And so all of our teams are continuing to raise the bar in innovation every year.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: In terms on the Diapers side, I think one of the earlier questions, watch the category. You expect it to be down in the first half this year so should we imply that maybe your innovation could be more back-half weighted?
Thomas Falk: Yes, I would expect to see some launch activity in the first half of the year in our Diapers space. So if you look at those businesses, we typically are having one to two product improvements a year across both the Premium and the Mainline business. So expect to see some news consistently coming from Huggies in 2011.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And can you just talk about maybe the consumers' willingness to try new products? Obviously, again U by Kotex performed well but when you look at the Hand Towels this is, I think, the first time you guys have actually called it out in your press release that you're seeing success. So was there kind of a delayed reaction? Did you have to step up spending in there to get the consumer the behavioral change? Can you just kind of go through that and then does that -- the magnitude of the innovation that you're bringing to the market over the course of this year and maybe even into next year?
Thomas Falk: Yes, I think the Hand Towel and U are changing consumer behavior. We've got the distribution we were looking for at launch, and we basically delivered the movement with our retail customers that we were expecting. A part of the reason we probably waited to talk about it a little bit is we wanted to see a repeat. So you can often get trial when you are getting a consumer to try something new but we wanted to see, did mom come back and buy another package. And so we wanted to kind of see that play out in the back half of the year and we started to see some repeat numbers that were consistent with our expectation and we've got a long way to go before we will say we've really changed habits and we built a long-term successful new category for us and for the retail customer, but we think we are on the right track and we're going to keep investing on it. I think that's maybe the other change is that we stay with our investments and our innovation a little bit longer to make sure that it's not just a one-year, one-hit wonder.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And then just a housekeeping question. As we think about the cost inflation, clearly what you're forecasting for 2011 is almost in aggregate what you saw in the fourth quarter. So should it be logically that the first quarter is where you see the biggest pressure? And then maybe decelerating thereout. And in terms of the buckets, usually call out between fiber, polymers and kind of the distribution energy. Can you just talk about maybe rank order where you think the greatest impact will be?
Thomas Falk: Yes, in 2011, I think your assumption on phasing is probably about right. In 2011, virtually all of the cost increases was oil-related. So whether that's polymer, adhesives, non-wovens, materials, as well as the diesel fuel to move the product around, you would expect to see really virtually all of the costs increase in 2011 in those areas.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Tom, just one last question. Just on the marketing spending, considering that the Super Bowl is in Dallas this year, is there going to be a bigger involvement of Kimberly-Clark while we're watching TV?
Thomas Falk: The super Bowl is in Dallas this year? Oh, that's right. I've heard that. The funny thing is, Jason, I don't have even have tickets. And the Green Bay Packers are playing, my favorite team. So no, we will not be running a Super Bowl ad. But we have got a lot of great advertising and digital marketing spend coming in 2011 that you'll be able to a watch on TV the rest of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital Markets.
Constance Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Since the blue jean Diaper was so popular last year, is it coming back this year? And could it become a year-long product?
Thomas Falk: I think fashion is certainly an area in our Personal Care arena that we're trying to drive in lots of different ways and doing that with better design across our various platforms has been key. And so I think that Jeans Diaper was an example of that. We have done that in a bunch of different markets around the world. So expect us to continue to do some things with that whole idea of bringing an element of fashion to diapers, which mom loves. She wants her baby to look good, and Huggies can provide that. We also saw some of our Depend products where we brought more underwear-like look to create a kind of a super premium space in Depend. And then U by Kotex, when you look at the design and the packaging and the graphics, we're doing a lot in those areas to drive innovation across those platforms.
Constance Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I know it doesn't mean much anymore but can you just describe the business environment in Venezuela? Is it still having an effect on your sales because the business is contracting because you can't get currency or because demand is down? And also, are you accessing the parallel market?
Thomas Falk: I think the Venezuela is what you would say is probably was a point drag of volume but we also got some price in that market. So the net of the two didn't have that much of an impact on our overall sales in the fourth quarter or for the full year for that matter. And what you are seeing is that, particularly for any of our products that are imported that use a high level of imported material, it's just tough to get supply and to be able to bring products in and put it on the shelf. And so I think you are seeing continued pressure across lots of categories that are facing those same challenges. And from a currency exchange standpoint, there really is no market any longer, so the only exchange that is available is through the government programs. And so, we are participating in those to the extent that we can but the amount that flows out of those programs isn't enough to be able to support a lot of the imports that we'd like to bring into the country.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Ferrara with Bank of America.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch: Why does the tax rate move higher year-on-year next year?
Thomas Falk: Well, I think Mark can give you a more detailed answer. But it seems like every government in the world has got a budget problem and wants to solve it by taxing corporations, is kind of the short answer but maybe Mark's got a more scientific answer for you.
Mark Buthman: No, I think that's about it. It's just a general kind of upward flow of the tax rate and some of the things you could do with your effective tax rate planning, say, ten years ago, just aren't available to you. So we are doing the best we can to manage our structure, underlying structural rate. I would say maybe the one thing that is changing and you would see any business that's growing outside of North America as we look to repatriate cash to North America. That tends to put a little upward pressure on the rate. If there is a kind of a something that internally, that's [indiscernible].
Thomas Falk: [Indiscernible] the higher U.S. rate on it.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch: Are we past the tough H1N1 comps?
Thomas Falk: First quarter 2011 should be the last of that and then it should turn significantly positive in Q2 and Q3 as we had some more inventory reductions and distributors in the middle of 2010.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research: you mentioned shooting marketing up $100 million for the year? Can you tell us how much it was up or down on the quarter both dollar and then percent of sales?
Thomas Falk: Yes, I think we're up $110 million through the third quarter so that would make us down $10 million in the fourth quarter.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research: And reason being the typical timing of launches and such or...
Thomas Falk: Yes, basically we executed our plan for the year, and so this is the timing that we had laid out.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research: And then separate question on Wal-Mart, we've been hearing a little bit more about factory-gate pricing, customer pick up, whatever you want to call it. Are you in those types of discussions with them? Do you think that's a theme that we're going to hear more and more about going forward?
Thomas Falk: We have done a lot of work with Wal-Mart's logistics teams over the years. And we have a customer pick up program that's available to all of our customers that Wal-Mart has taken advantage of for many, many years. So that's not really new for us probably because we're such high-cube, high-velocity categories. That is one we've worked on maybe a little bit before. We haven't pushed to the end point that I think some customers are going to with Wal-Mart with their -- doing all of their volume that way. I think we are really looking at it with them opportunistically to see which lanes of that make sense for them and for us.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research: What percent of the volume are you doing now?
Thomas Falk: I'd be guessing, Ali, but we do have a pretty robust pick-up with them. They are obviously our largest pick-up customer at this point.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research: And do you think 100% is like some other folks have done in the industry, do you think that's unrealistic for you guys?
Thomas Falk: I think that probably will be for a variety of reasons, not having to do with Wal-Mart or us, will may not be where ultimately we wind up because some lanes are such good low-cost carrier options with good backhaul that is probably going to make more sense for us to use carriers in those situations.
Mark Buthman: And I think what we are doing with them is we're both working on ways to take logistics costs out of the system and make the inventory flow to shelf faster. And that's in the end, what creates value for both of us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital Markets.
Constance Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: When the restructuring is completed, by what percentage will it change the amount of pulp you buy?
Thomas Falk: Well, we're about 8% integrated today and so that will go basically to 0. So we consume about 2.5 million tons of pulp, so that's just under 200,000 tons of pulp production at those two facilities.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions.
Paul Alexander: Thanks, we'll turn it over to Tom for closing comments.
Thomas Falk: Okay, once again we're on track with executing our plan in 2011 to deliver on our earnings growth expectations. So we're deploying cash in shareholder-friendly ways. And as usual, we appreciate your support of Kimberly-Clark. Thank you.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Masseth - Vice President of Investor Relations Thomas Falk - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee Mark Buthman - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Paul Alexander - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Constance Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets Corporation Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Linda Weiser - Caris & Company Karen Lamark - Federated Investors Chip Dillon - Crdit Suisse AG Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience in holding. We now have your speakers and conference. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Paul Alexander. Mr. Alexander, you may begin, sir.
Paul Alexander: Thanks, David, and good morning. Welcome to our Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO; and Mike Azbell, Vice President and Controller. Here's the agenda for the call. Mark will begin with a review of our third quarter results, then Tom will provide his perspective on our results and discuss the 2010 outlook and we'll finish with Q&A. For those wishing to follow along, we do have a presentation of today's materials in the Investors section of our website, which is www.kimberly-clark.com. Before we begin, let me remind you we'll be making forward-looking statements during the call. There can be no assurance that future events will occur as anticipated or that our results will be as estimated. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a description of factors that could cause our future results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. I'd also like to point out that we will be referring to our adjusted 2010 outlook. That excludes a one-time loss in the first quarter with a re-measurement of the local currency balance sheet in Venezuela as a result of the move to highly inflationary accounting. Management believes that reporting in this manner enables investors to better understand and analyze our ongoing results of operations. For further information and reconciliations to comparable financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP, please see today's news release and additional information on our website. Now I'll turn it over to Mark.
Mark Buthman: Thanks, Paul and, good morning. I hope you had a chance to review this morning's news release with the details of our results for the quarter. Lets start with a few headlines. First, organic sales volumes were up 1%. We generated strong growth in Personal Care and a number of our targeted growth initiatives. Debt performance was mostly offset by softness elsewhere in a weak economic environment. Second, we had another strong quarter of cost savings that helped us to partially offset significant input cost inflation in the quarter. And third, our cash flow remained strong that's allowed us to continue to invest appropriately in the business and return cash to shareholders. Now, let's cover the details of the quarter starting with the top line. Overall sales increased about 1% to $5 billion. Organic sales also rose 1% driven by higher sales volumes. Similar to last quarter, lower volumes in Venezuela were a one point drag on our overall company sales in the third quarter. Now let me turn to the top line for each of our segments. In Personal Care, organic sales rose 3% driven by strong volume growth of 5% at selling prices and product mix were each off 1%. In North America, organic sales increased 3%. Sales volumes were up 5% with broad-based growth in most areas, while product mix and net selling prices were each down one point. Feminine Care volumes increased double digits for the third consecutive quarter as a result of the U by Kotex innovation. Adult Care volumes also grew double digits with excellent performance in both Poise and Depend. Child Care volumes were up 6% in conjunction with market share gains, and Huggies diaper volumes advanced 1%. Moving to Europe. Personal Care organic sales were up 4%. It was driven by mid- single-digit volume growth in diapers and strong performances in Child Care and Baby Wipes. K-C International Personal Care organic sales rose more than 4%. Sales volumes were up nearly 6% with double-digit growth in China and most of Latin America. Net selling prices were down 1%, as increases in Venezuela were more than offset by modest declines elsewhere in response to competitive activity. Now turning to Consumer Tissue. Organic sales increased about 3%. Net selling prices were up 2% and product mix improved 1%, reflecting our actions to increase revenue realization. Sales volumes were even with last year. In North America, organic sales were up more than 1% with product mix up two points and sales volumes higher by 1%. Net selling prices were down 1% as planned increases in promotional activity were mostly offset by sheet count reductions that we took earlier in the year. Volume performance included a 4% increase in bathroom tissue led by COTTONELLE and the benefits from new Kleenex Hand Towels. Paper towel volumes were down and continue to be impacted by consumer trade-down. Facial tissue Kleenex volumes were even with year ago in a soft overall category. Like I said, I was pleased to see market shares advance more than one point behind our best ever base sheet and a strong back-to-school marketing campaign. In Europe, Consumer Tissue organic sales were up about 3% driven by higher net selling prices. For K-C International, Consumer Tissue organic sales increased about 5%. Strategies to increase revenue realization delivered a six-point increase in net selling prices and one point of growth from product mix. Sales volumes fell 2% due to declines in Venezuela. Moving to K-C Professional & Other. Organic sales were down 1%. Net selling prices and product mix each increased 1% as we continue to focus on net realized revenue. However, sales volumes fell 3% in a challenging economic environment. High unemployment and office vacancy levels continue to impact the North American washroom category, where our volumes fell at a double-digit rate. Volume performance also reflects our disciplined pricing strategies in this high-cost environment. On the other hand, volumes advanced nicely in the high-margin Safety and Wiper businesses, although KCP volumes in Europe were down 4% in the quarter. Lastly, Health Care organic sales were down 6% as volumes were off 4% and net selling prices fell two points. Last year's increased demand for face masks because of the H1N1 flu virus had a negative effect on volume comparisons of about 6%. In addition, volumes in our North American Supplies business were impacted by a slowdown on market demand. Meanwhile, organic volumes of high-margin medical devices were up 9%. Now moving to profit margin and cost savings. The third quarter operating profit fell 20% with margins of 14%. Benefits from top line growth, cost savings and lower pension expense partially offset cost inflation of $265 million. That's the highest quarterly cost inflation amount that we've ever faced. Nonetheless, we continue to invest in our brands to support future growth, as strategic marketing and research and development spending each increased about $10 million in the quarter. Additionally, we took production downtime that reduced operating profit by about $20 million as we continue to closely manage our inventory levels. Turning to cost savings. Our strong momentum with FORCE [Focused On Reducing Costs Everywhere] programs continued in the third quarter. With savings of $95 million, we continue to deliver broad-based results across the organization. Given our momentum, we now expect core savings to easily exceed $300 million this year. Now looking at margins by segment. And given the significantly higher input costs and the comparison to our record earnings last year, it's not surprising that margins were down in all segments compared to prior year. Having said that, Personal Care margins continued to be healthy at nearly 20%. Consumer Tissue margins of about 10% were similar to last quarter. They remain pressured by high pulp prices. KCP margins are nearly 15%, remains solid despite the weak economic environment. And lastly, Health Care margins of about 13% were up sequentially as we expected. Now moving to cash flow. Cash provided by operations was $745 million compared to $791 million last year. Decline was driven by lower cash earnings and a smaller improvement in working capital, mostly offset by a lower level of pension plan contributions. Nonetheless, I'm encouraged that our cash generation remains strong, continues to build sequentially as the year progresses. In terms of capital spending, third quarter spending was $248 million. We now expect that full year spending will be between $900 million and $1 billion, that's down slightly from our previous plan. Regarding share repurchases, we bought 3.1 million shares of KMB stock in the quarter at a cost of about $200 million. We've repurchased $700 million of our stock through the first nine months of the year. And given our continued strong cash flow, we now expect to repurchase $800 million of stock for the year. That's at the high end of our previous target. So that wraps up the financial review. To recap the quarter, we delivered healthy volume growth at Personal Care and a number of targeted growth areas, although the soft economic environment weighted on overall demand. We achieve significant cost savings, while we faced all time high cost inflation. We continue to invest to support our brands and future growth opportunities, and we generated strong cash flow. Now I'll turn it over to Tom.
Thomas Falk: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll comment on our results and outlook. And then as usual, we'll get to your questions. In summary, we're executing our Global Business Plan in an environment that's more difficult than we thought just three months ago. And while this has dampened our bottom line growth expectations for 2010, we continue to manage the fact as we control in the short term while we do what's right for the long term of our business. Let me begin with our third quarter results, and I'll start with some of the progress that we're making. First, as you heard from Mark, our increased emphasis on innovation and marketing is delivering solid results for many of our brands. And importantly, our market positions are improving. Our third quarter U.S. market shares were ahead of, or even with, the year-ago period in the majority of our consumer businesses. In fact, shares were up between one and three share points for Kotex, Poise, Depend, Kleenex and Pull-Ups. And shares were essentially even for our Huggies Diapers business and our Bathroom Tissue business in a very competitive market. So overall, I'm encouraged with the strength of our brands and our innovation. Second, our targeted growth initiatives continue to take hold. We're growing nicely in the higher-margin portions of both K-C Professional and Health Care, and we're generating strong growth in most of K-C International. In fact, setting aside Venezuela, our Personal Care business in K-C International grew sales volumes nearly 10% in the third quarter. But even though we fine tune pricing strategies in some markets in response to a modest pick-up in competitive activity, I'm very optimistic about the long-run prospects for our K-C International business. And then third, our teams continue to execute with financial discipline. We're delivering strong cost savings, closely managing working capital and allocating our cash flow in shareholder-friendly ways. We continue to be disciplined in these areas going forward. So now let me talk about the challenges that we face. The first is the overall economic environment. With persistently high unemployment, weak consumer spending in a competitive marketplace, overall market demand in many of our categories in North America has been relatively soft and weaker than we expected back in July. This is probably most evident in our K-C Professional Washroom business, Health Care supplies and in portions of our consumer categories, including diapers, training pants and facial tissue. As a result, while organic sales volumes rose 1% in the third quarter, slightly better than the second quarter, this was still below what we'd anticipated. The other major headwind in the quarter was high commodity cost. The $265 million of cost inflation that Mark just mentioned and we experienced was the primary reason that our margins and bottom line earnings were down. And while pulp prices have fallen some from peak levels in July, the overall market has been more resilient than we previously estimated. So all in all, the challenging environment weighed more heavily on our bottom line results in the third quarter than we previously estimated. With that said, our business fundamentals are in good shape overall. So now let me turn to the outlook. We will continue to invest in our brands, pursue our targeted growth initiatives and invest for our future growth. Same time, we'll continue to pursue incremental cost savings opportunities and control our discretionary spending. We remain focused on generating cash and allocating it in shareholder-friendly ways. This is the right strategy to protect and strengthen our company even in the current difficult and economic environment. Key changes to our full year 2010 planning assumptions are included in this morning's news release, but here are the highlights. On the top line, we now expect organic sales growth of about 2% compared to our previous target range of 2% to 4%. That's mostly due to the weaker underlying demand in North America that I just mentioned. The secondary factor is a slightly higher competitive spending level in K-C International. In terms of commodity costs, raw material inflation is expected to be toward the high end of our previously estimated range of $700 million to $800 million, mostly because pulp hasn't fallen as fast as we thought it would. To put that cost inflation in perspective, it represents a full year drag on earnings of about 30%. As a result of our updated assumptions, we're now targeting adjusted earnings per share in the range of $4.60 to $4.70, which represents growth of 2% to 4% compared to 2009 earnings of $4.52 a share. Compared to our previous guidance of $4.80 to $5 a share, about 2/3 of this change is due to the lower sales outlook and about 1/3 is due to the higher cost. Given the significant increase in cost inflation since the beginning of the year, we were unable to overcome the further downsides that have materialized over the last three months despite delivering excellent cost savings. Regardless of the factors that I've just described, all of us at Kimberly-Clark are accountable for our results and are very disappointed with not delivering on our expectations this year, and rest assured we will do what it takes to get back on track with our Global Business Plan. Looking ahead, we expect the fourth quarter earnings per share will be similar to or potentially somewhat higher than third quarter performance. And relative to the third quarter, we expect improved net pricing, mostly because of modestly lower promotional activity. Cost savings should build as we implement additional FORCE programs. And third, pulp costs should be slightly lower, taking into account already announced declines for October. We continue to closely monitor the overall economic environment, particularly market demand in North America. So to summarize, we're executing our plans, we're investing for the future, we got good financial and cost discipline, and we're returning cash to our shareholders. We'll continue to work to improve our performance over time, even though our near-term growth has been impacted by the economic and competitive environment. That wraps up our prepared remarks, and now we'll be happy to open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bill Schmitz with the Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG: I look at the second quarter versus the third quarter, and a lot of these kind of one-off savings that came through. And it seems like almost across the board, they all came down pretty dramatically. So like FORCE was 105, then went to 95. Pension was a 40 benefit, now it's 20. And then the big change in curtailment. So is this third quarter kind of like the new run rate for these savings? Or was it sort of like a soft anomaly as we kind of model the business going forward?
Thomas Falk: If you look at our earnings per share second quarter to third quarter, $1.20 to $1.14, about $0.04 was actually effective tax rate. Effective rate in the second quarter, I think, was 27.5 and we were 30.3 in Q3. And then with the  there is about $0.02 of operating earnings drag. And in terms of FORCE, I think between 95 and 105, I would say it's pretty similar. Curtailment is probably reflective a little bit of the weaker categories, where we're just taking it as we need it. And I wouldn't interpret it as more than that. So again, I wouldn't say any big seismic change. Second quarter was probably a little above normal. Third quarter is probably closer to normal.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG: And then just on the Scott Towel business, I know it's a relatively small business, but it seems that there was a lot of lost distribution. I mean, is this going to be like a going concern over the next two or three years?
Thomas Falk: Actually, Scott Towel's volume was up 4% in the quarter. And all of our towel volume loss was in Viva, which was down double digits. And Viva, a good chunk of that was lost distribution, and we're working hard to get that back. And we've got some good innovation plans coming for Viva in 2011.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Ferrara with the Bank of America.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch: Pricing, it sounds like you're saying, I think, that most of the incremental price pressure you felt is emerging markets. And it's a market issue, it's a market growth issue in North America. In other words, the pricing in North America is okay relative to what you felt about pricing in emerging markets. Is that right? And can you talk a little bit about where that's coming from?
Thomas Falk: I guess I'd say the pricing issue was pretty widespread, so we saw it in North America. And this isnt list price changes, its more trade spending activities, so we had more promotional events in the third quarter than the second quarter. And so that's part of it. We'd also said the competitive activity is increased. So as category volumes are a little weaker, all the competitors are fighting over that little bit of volume growth. Or in the case of diapers, the category is actually down 1%. And so you did some more competitive activity chasing the consumers that are out there. In international markets, it was spotty. You'd see in a market like Russia, where our primary competitor has taken down Personal Care pricing a couple of times in the first six months. And we've now matched up to that, so we're probably lagging that a bit and took more of the hit in the third quarter. But there are other markets where they have taken price increases. So again, I'd say it's sort of market by market in the fundamentals there, but it was pretty widespread.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch: In North America Consumer Tissue, pricing went back negative again, if I got that right. I understand volume definitely bounced. But just taking a step back in a broader context of where pulp prices are. I understand that they're coming down. But I mean, you basically have pulp near $900, that you're paying at least through the COGS anyway, and you have pricing that's negative. And I think you said Q4 is getting better. But it sounds like it's maybe even incrementally tougher to price than you would thought, is that right?
Thomas Falk: So I'd say if you look at percent promoted across most of our tissue categories, you see that slowly creep up. And so that's what's showing up in the pricing numbers. We also had more events with some of the back-to-school activity on facial tissue that was a heavy promotional quarter for us. And we saw facial tissue share pop up four points sequentially, which it typically does second quarter to third quarter because second quarter is usually our weakest facial tissue quarter of the year, and you start to head in to back-to-school and then cold and flu. We'll see that pick up in the back half.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Going back to the paper towel question. Does that mean you're double-digit growth is more of a Kimberly-Clark issue than a category issue at this point? Or is the category overall still deteriorating at pretty steep rates?
Thomas Falk: No, I mean, basically, we're up slightly on Scott Towels. We were down double digits on Viva. In paper towels, that's probably the one category, where we've seen private label shares grow, so you've seen more or consumer trade-down there in particular. You also have some retailers that have really taken quite a few SKUs out of that overall category. Some of that's starting to come back as they have probably gone a little deeper than they should have. And so that's probably one where the consumer has been willing to take a little bit more risk and trade-down, and the private label has probably been the big beneficiary.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: And looking at the K-C Professional weakness, can you give a sense of, I guess, what demand did moving through the quarter? And what is it doing moving into the fourth quarter? And is there any sign of improvement given that macrosentiments [ph] there improved a little bit?
Thomas Falk: Part of this is also the comparisons to last year were, as you recall, in the first half of last year, you saw major distributor inventory destocking. So our comps were easier. So in markets like KCP in Europe last quarter, we had double-digit volume growth. While, when you look at third quarter, we actually had a volume drag. In part, it was distributor inventory moves. But I also tell you that categories are relatively weak. You're seeing office building, and some of those areas are -- unemployment levels haven't really come back up very much. So you got fewer people in the workforce, and you're not seeing a healthy category growth. We probably also lost a little bit of share in our Washroom business as for some of the really low margin pieces of the business we are willing to walk rather than take further price erosion there. And so we've been disciplined on pricing and took a little bit of a volume hit in the third quarter as a result.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: And just last question, can you talk a little bit more about Venezuela? I guess they just expropriated the U.S. companies' operations today. Can you just give us, remind us, I guess, the invested capital there. And what the contribution's been running lately?
Thomas Falk: Yes, we got a very good business in Venezuela, and we're working hard to try to make sure we can take care of as many of our Venezuelan consumers as we can. So we are, we locally manufacture there. We're trying to manage our exposure to bring in some imported materials as well as look for local materials, where we can, to run those operations. We are getting some small amounts of foreign exchange. The business overall is profitable, and it's one that we're really managing kind of day-to-day down there to make sure we're satisfying as many consumers as we can while managing our overall exposures. And I think the balance sheet exposure from a total corporate standpoint isn't material.
Operator: The next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research: Just a few questions. One is, I see a lot discussion about pricing. Kind of in full candor, how bad is it out there from a pricing perspective, promotional prospective?
Thomas Falk: I think part of it is expectations, we were expecting it to get better. And in some cases, it's been about the same. In some cases, it's slightly worse. And so you're seeing promotion price points that are sticky. They're not really going down significantly but are not coming up as much as we would've hoped. And so that means you wind up spending a bit more trade to get the same promotion or same volume. You are seeing some selected retailers, even in other categories with some deep discounts. I know in Dallas, Aldi was selling a gallon of milk for any $0.99. So you saw some really hot feature prices out there. You're seeing some of that in some of our categories, but most of that is retailers investing their own funds, not other competitors.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research: And how does that change your expectations going forward then?
Thomas Falk: Well, we were expecting to get a bit more price this year. We said we thought we'd get one to two points of price this year. We now say we're going to get about a point of price this year and so.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research: It's more like next year and kind of from a forward-looking perspective. We're not looking for guidance, just how you see dynamics playing out.
Thomas Falk: Typically, Ali, as you know, we don't assume we're going to get a lot of price. So we try to drive mix with our innovation. But other than that, we'd expect to recover broad shifts in commodity costs over time. But we're expecting, we'll give you more guidance in January. But based on our -- as we call pulp today, we'd say pulp's probably going to look pretty similar to where we expect to end 2010 in 2011.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research: And my other question which was on the one hand, you have competitive dynamics and pricing. Other hand, you have commodities. And I guess I just don't get something and was looking from some clarification which is, you guys and many of the other companies out there seem to be surprised by inflation, even though on the same hand, by the same token, we hear that there's a three to six months lag between spot prices and the impact on your P&L. So three months ago, you knew what you're going to have to deal with. So I don't get what the element of surprise is.
Thomas Falk: Yes, I mean, I think we're talking about our outlook. So if you look forward-looking for the rest of the year, pulp's going to be roughly $20 a ton, higher than we thought it would be. So it's probably more like a three-month change where you've got FIFO-based inventories, where you got LIFO inventories that flows through a little quicker. It's probably more like a month on those so...
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research: But I guess three months ago, you knew what price would flow through your P&L because of the three months lag. So when you give us the last guidance for this quarter that we you just reported, you kind of knew what the spot price was than, i.e. what you're going to feel in your P&L.
Thomas Falk: Ali, as you know, we don't give quarterly earnings guidance. We'll give you full year earnings guidance. So we had a call for what we thought pulp was going to average for the year, and this is actually the only quarter that we'll give you guidance for one quarter.
Mark Buthman: And Ali, I would say that it's fair that most of the higher than expected inflation for the year will hit us in the fourth quarter compared to what we told you in July.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research: The commodities for this quarter were not in line with what you expected three months ago, were they?
Mark Buthman: They were modestly higher than expected.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research: So commodity was not the big issue?
Thomas Falk: I say this quarter, more of the miss versus our expectations was top line. Volume was weaker generally across the board, and price recovery was a little weaker. [indiscernible] were better, and material costs were a little higher.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research: And just a last question about inventory days still being up obviously impacted by top line, and you're doing some curtailment on production. It sounds like continuing. How should we think about what type of curtailment you're going to have to do and what the impact is on margin as you go forward given the environment? And I guess to get this aggregate what the inventory is coming from, how much of it is from outsourced production and how much was insource or different categories, that'd be helpful.
Thomas Falk: Yes, if you look at working capital on a local currency basis, it's not as big of an issue as you'd think because the foreign currency strengthened right at the end of the quarter, that had more to do with the mathematical days of inventory calculation. And so if you look that on a constant currency basis, actually working capital improved slightly during the quarter. So we're trying to place a curtailment as we need it, and we wouldn't see that we built up a big pile of inventory anywhere that we're that worried about.
Operator: Next question comes from Chip Dillon with Credit Suisse.
Chip Dillon - Crdit Suisse AG: In terms of looking at the private-label tissue situation, it seems like a couple of the private-label guys are building through air dry technology plants. And do you know whether they are aiming more for the towel space or would through air dry be basically just for bathroom tissue?
Thomas Falk: TAD is a technology that builds bulk and would work well for bath or towels, and it's a little easier to build a through air dried poly machine. It's still tougher to make through air dried bath and get it soft enough to really make a premium type claim. And so, obviously, both Procter and us have some substantial intellectual property in those areas. But we were aware of some of what's going on, some of them are in construction, some of them are announced but haven't started yet.
Chip Dillon - Crdit Suisse AG: And then I guess looking more near term, now that this -- it's looking like pulp is holding up higher than, I think, was believed earlier. Do you see any window for getting some pricing here? It seems like list prices or at least maybe a bit aggressive short sheeting, but you are getting some of that outside of the U.S. Certainly, it seems like that was the case in Europe from what we've heard from others. Do you think there's a window to get pricing here in tissue over the next, I know it takes several months to implement it, but as you look out the next few quarters?
Thomas Falk: Yes, I mean, it's tough to speculate what might happen there, Chip. And it really probably depends on what the relatively modest moves that we've seen where pulp is trending down. It's a total tougher to go into a customer and say pulp's down, we're going to take a price increase. So I think what you'll see is a continued innovation. And with innovation and some product change, you may have some opportunity for sheet count change at that point. But at this stage, from what we're seeing, I think stability in price for a while would be an improvement.
Chip Dillon - Crdit Suisse AG: And then lastly, just again not to stay too focused on tissue, but I was just noticing how this year's operating income will probably be in both tissue-related segments below where it was even in, say, 2000. And seeing that level of decline, is there anything as you look out maybe more longer-term that you think you guys can do to maybe arrest that and not approach the growth that you see in Personal Care but certainly arrest that decline?
Thomas Falk: Sure. That's certainly our strategy, and we've got some good innovation programs coming for most of our tissue businesses in key markets where weve got a margin structure. But in other markets, we are trying to manage that business for margin more aggressively. And so we're being careful with where we're going to put assets down on the ground, and you'll expect to see us continue to be aggressive in areas where we've got good opportunities to grow.
Chip Dillon - Crdit Suisse AG: And after this one, in the Dry Max product that you're competitor has in the diaper arena. It seems like this is one innovation that you don't feel strongly about having to come out and respond to directly. Is that still a fair statement?
Thomas Falk: Well, I think we feel very good about our overall diaper performance, and we are excited about our product innovation plans that we've been executing and that we'll continue to execute. I mean, in the face of the Dry Max launch in the second quarter, to do our jeans-type renovation and really pick up a share point, I would say has been a big hit. And I think the good news for mom is that both of the major branded players, both Huggies and Pampers are innovating, and that's just making it tougher for private label in that space.
Chip Dillon - Crdit Suisse AG: Right, but you don't see the need to get that thin?
Thomas Falk: If you look at the history of diapers, they've continued to get thinner, better fitting. It's to what end, to make it fit better and leak less. We're all working on all those types of objectives so...
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Sawyer with Goldman Sachs.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just a quick one, just following up on that last question. You said, Tom, that you look to manage profitability outside the U.S. in tissue. I was wondering if you could talk us through the thinking on the bit more aggressive promotional activity we saw from you guys this quarter in the U.S. on the bath tissue front and how you guys are balancing the need to kind of drive volume and avoid curtailment and depending share versus maximizing price and margin in that business?
Thomas Falk: As Mark mentioned, we had about $20 million of curtailment cost in the third quarter versus prior year, and most of that was in our Consumer Tissue business broadly around the world with a fair amount of that in North America. And so we're taking it as we need it. And I think we had an aggressive promotional plan put together with a lot of our key retailers tied into other events, that they want us to be a part of. And so that's been a part of our plan for the year. We'd expected to have a heavier third quarter with some of the back-to-school events that we are running. And so I'd say that that was basically executing the plan as opposed to out chasing incremental volume to keep your machines full.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So that's just how the calendar will sell this year.
Thomas Falk: Yes read relatively less in the first half because of some other things that we are working on and had a relatively heavier calendar in the second half.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So it would have been wrong to interpret it as pulp coming down and you got more promotion? Or is it just something that was always there?
Thomas Falk: We had expected to have a heavier third quarter, and that we also said we don't think the fourth quarter at this point will be as heavy from a promotional calendar standpoint as the third quarter was.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And on the tissue front, I mean, how are your returns on promotional spending as volume supposedly with the promotion versus normal?
Thomas Falk: Well, I mean, with more promoted dollars in the category, everybody's ROI is probably not what it was. But we've got terrific activity around COTTONELLE and had some success with facial tissue. Both of those are very high margin of return products. Scott tissue is really more of a base volume story, where it fulfills a very high percentage of the households that are loyal Scott users. So the need to promote as deep and as frequent isn't as great there. And so it's balancing that portfolio with what our retailers want to accomplish, to make sure we're the kind of partner that they want in the tissue category.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Then just a quick one on the diaper side. Is this category weakness you think reflective of the lower birthrate starting to flow through the category? Is there something else going on?
Thomas Falk: Absolutely, and we've got live births this year, they're going to be lower in the U.S. by 1% to 2%. I was having dinner with the CEO of a private hospital chain a couple of weeks ago and he said their live births are actually down double digits this year. Now he's got a little higher end consumer base, so that's not reflective of the overall national number. We think the 1% to 2% is probably right, but that flows directly into a lower category volume.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then just a kind of back end yet [ph] Pull-Ups strength in this quarter, so you're not seeing the down trading out of Pull-Ups into large diapers anymore, but the category's weak case of birthrate, is that the way to think about it?
Thomas Falk: I think there still is an economic factor here because -- so we'd say the Pull-Ups category was a little weaker than the overall diaper category, so it's a combination of by the time to get the Pull-Ups, those kids were born before the downturn probably. So it's more a function of economics than the birthrate affecting that at this stage.
Operator: The next question comes from Laura Lieberman with Barclays Capital.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: I just wanted to focus a little bit again on K-C Professional and the Health Care business because actually when I look across retail, I looked at the quarter. That really seems to be the two businesses where the shortfall was in sales growth. Tissue, you stabilize volumes and pricing was still positive. And you plan on promotion kind of stepping up by your own doing sequentially. Personal Care, little bit more negative on pricing, but you clearly got the payback in volume. So it really feels like Health Care and K-C Professional were the two big surprises in the quarter. K-C Professional, what I'm not understanding is it doesn't really feel like -- unemployment didn't spike this quarter. The business had seemingly stabilized for two quarters, and now volumes are down and there's less pricing. So did you lose contract? I mean, separate from the walking away from business, I just don't understand what suddenly happened there.
Thomas Falk: Yes, I'd say a part of it, as we talked about, was the year-over-year comps. There was such a big inventory draw down in the first half of last year. And those inventories got built back up in the second half of last year, and we had easier comps in the first half than we're going to have in the second half, particularly for KCP. I also think at the end of the quarter, we saw both businesses really have a weak finish. So I think distributors are getting much more aggressive about managing cash near end of the quarter. So orders that we thought were going to go out in the last week of the month got pushed back and shift back into the early part of October. So again, as we look at the higher margin segments, Medical Devices and Health Care were up 9%. Our Safety and Work Place business and KCP was up nicely, but Washroom is down double digits. Part of that is the category is down, part of this distributor inventory pullback and part of it as we walked away from some business.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: But still, I mean, last year, volumes were still down pretty significantly in the second half, so you think distributors were actually building inventory last year even with the volumes down 7% in the third quarter of '09?
Thomas Falk: Yes, I mean, just looking at -- we've gotten more visibility in some of our suppliers inventories, probably more so in the Health Care front to really understand what's going on with the H1N1. And we're actually seeing them take days out of what their normal long-term target would be in trying to operate even leaner in this kind of an environment. And I think everybody's doing that. Most of our customers are very focused on cash management and still treating this very much like a soft economic situation.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: But have they become optimistic in the way that they were purchasing in the first six months?
Thomas Falk: Well, I think it was that the first six months of last year, when we are in the heart of the crisis, was even a worse situation. So the comp in the first six months of this year was much easier.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: And then in terms of your Personal Care, so this quarter was great. Great, great volume performance in European Personal Care. But volume is really quite volatile when you look at the results over several quarters. I rarely feel like I have any understanding of the connection between one quarter and the next. It doesn't really feel like it's either positive or negative momentum, it's sort of choppy. So can you really talk a little bit about that business and what's really driving your shipments in Europe in any given quarter because, again, this sort of lumpiness that I feel like is there.
Thomas Falk: A big part of it is you got much more concentrated retail trade in Europe, where in every market, your top three or four customers are about 70% of your business. And so if you're on deal with that customer more than normal in the quarter, you're going to drive it. And so it does tend to be a little lumpier. And you tend to find more deep discount promotions in Europe generally than you do in other markets, so in Andrex, you will find more 12 for 9 or you've even seen in diapers some buy one, get one free or Baby Wipes we've seen some even recently by one competitor, a buy one, get two free. And so when you have that kind of deep discount, you're going to drive a much choppier volume performance. As we look at share overall, our shares have been generally trending in the 14 to 15 range, which is more consistent. And we're just trying to make sure we're competitive in the market. But obviously, having less volatility is better for everybody, but that's not necessarily the way the customer wants to drive their business in the short term.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: So as we look forward to not in just 2011, but let's call it '11 and '12. A lot of the things that you guys have done, revenue realization emphasizing mix, the great innovation with Kotex and the marketing around adult incontinence, how does the good stuff that you guys have been doing the successes, how does that add up to being the real driver of your business versus cost inflation versus deep discounting in Europe? The negative seem to consistently outweigh the positive even when you're doing a lot of great stuff. So when you look at 2011, when you look at 2012, how do you get that balance to shift?
Thomas Falk: Well, I mean, we're trying to manage the portfolio, Lauren, as best we can. We got some great innovation coming. We want to make sure we're fully investing in that, were investing behind our brands. I mean, if you look year to date, we've invested about $110 million in strategic marketing despite $800 million in cost inflation. So we believe we're doing the right thing for the long-term health of the franchise and that over time, the commodity cycle will at least normalize to the point where we can take enough cost out and deliver on the key goals of our overall [ph] business plan. So we know we got to prove that to you and we're up for that challenge.
Operator: Our next question comes from Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital Markets.
Constance Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I was hoping you could also give a little bit more perspective on the trend in inventories. As I look back in the quarters of 2009, your inventories declined every quarter 19% or 20%. And then in the first quarter, they also declined about 4% and then they were up 9% and 19% in the last two quarters. I guess I'm wondering if you could just explain what changed so much this year and also how your inventories could be rising if you have so much production downtime.
Thomas Falk: Yes, sure. I'll give you a quick answer. I may ask Mark to give a little more color. But basically, we took inventories down aggressively last year, as you know, and we generated about $1 billion for working capital reduction in 2009 and probably, in some cases, took them down a little lower than we should have to be able to really maintain customer service until we build up some of our supply chain capabilities a little bit more. And so in the first half of this year, we returned some inventory in a couple of areas to make sure we had adequate customer service capability. In the third quarter, what you saw was broadly more of a currency effect on inventory than a physical quantity effect on inventory, as we discussed earlier. So the fact that the foreign currency strengthened right of the end of the quarter had more of an impact on those inventories. If you looked at it on an absolute currency basis, inventory was actually down slightly in the third quarter. Mark, is there anything you want to add to that or?
Mark Buthman: Yes, and I would say there's no lack of emphasis of inventory across the businesses, and we're trying to balance in a relatively weak demand environment managing our stock. So you see a commitment to take machines down rather than producing product that we don't have good outlook to sell. So actually think our inventory performance in a weak demand environment, has been very good this year. And we've done a great job managing payables where overall cash conversion cycle is going to end up the year well ahead of our original plan for the year.
Thomas Falk: I think from a curtailment front, overall, we're still positive because we took so much downtime in the first half of 2009. For the third quarter, it was $20 million negative, but we'll still be broadly positive for the year.
Constance Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Could you tell us what your capacity utilization is and if you think your manufacturing footprint is the right size for what you believe demand to be not only now but over the next few years?
Thomas Falk: Well, as you know, as we're growing in emerging markets, we're still expanding so we've opened our first plant in Russia, we've expanded in China, we're adding capacity in Latin America, so I would say we're operating at near full capacity and don't have any big areas where we've got excess capacity that we're concerned about at this point in time.
Thomas Falk: In fact, as we bring on capacity, some of our supply-chains have gotten stretched pretty far as it seems to have done a really good job managing capital. But as we put assets on the ground closer to the consumer, we're actually going to see, we could see some benefit over the next couple of years of lower inventories just by having production in a more favorable place.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wendy Nicholson with Citi Investment Research.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc: I have just a handful of kind of follow-ups, and the first one is back on Lauren's question on the K-C Professional business. That business has been trending well below the peak margins of several years ago. And I'm just wondering, first of all, can you tell how much of that business is in the U.S.? And on the capacity question, maybe the U.S. business is never going to be the growth economy it once was and maybe there's incremental capacity that ought to come there so we can get those margins back again higher. Is that a long way to think about that business?
Mark Buthman: Yes, and I guess a couple of things I'd say. First of all in the overall margins for that business overtime, given the secondary fiber has been at least as severe a swing as pulp, have been actually held up better than our Consumer Tissue margins. We've been consistently in 13% of 15% range throughout the cycle. So you saw a little bit more downward pressure. This time, we'd expect to see some improvement and they're aiming at those kind of mid-teens margins long-term. I don't see a big capacity issues that we're worried about there. And in some areas, both our Scott tissue business and the consumer side and our KCP business, can share assets so we've got some opportunity to manager overall footprint there and get some benefit from that. But I know, Paul, you got the data about what percentage in the USC.
Paul Alexander: Yes, it's roughly 50% on the global business.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc: And then second question, Venezuela, are you growing the Venezuelan business in local currency both on the top line and on the bottom line?
Mark Buthman: I don't know in local currency because -- I mean, basically, if you look in volume, it's down substantially in both tissue and Personal Care in Venezuela, pricing is up substantially in both tissue and Personal Care. And basically, we're running it more like a cash drawer business where as we get foreign exchange, we bring materials then, keep the machines running, try to keep shelves stocked with as much as we can.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc: But isn't it fair to say that come whatever, January, when we anniversary a big devaluation, that the drag, the overall drag on your business going forward into 2011 ought to be mitigated?
Thomas Falk: Well, we won't have a onetime hit. But I mean, about every month, basically the process is more of a question of, can we enough get foreign exchange to pay our bills. And so obviously, there's lots of it. Every CPG company we talk to is in the same situation. We're trying to do as much local manufacturing as we can. We're trying to find as many as local material sources as we can, so we can use the bolivars that are generated in the country to pay our bills. And then where we have to bring in dollar base materials, we're trying to get foreign exchange available to continue to operate there and then ultimately make money.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc: And then just one last question. As you look towards 2011. You know you're talking about big innovations and plans to spend more money but. And I know you talk about being committed to investing in the business, but the incremental investment in the business, the extra $10 million on strategic marketing like it doesn't sound like that much. And I guess if there are big innovations to come and I don't we know what they are, how big are they and is there a chance that you come out in January the next time you report and say, "Oh, 2011, we've got these innovations. We're going to see strategic marketing up, whatever 2x, 3x," And so therefore, we're not going to be in that Target 6% to 9% EPS growth for 2011. Is there anything at this point that you see such a drain from an investment perspective that we shouldn't expect that kind earnings growth next year?
Thomas Falk: I think the short answer is, no. But I'd say we're up $110 million in strategic marketing so far this year, as we would describe a healthy business going forward where we're driving innovation. We're able to the increase gross margin with that. We're able to increase our strategic marketing a bit. And so you're making the portfolio healthier over time with good innovation and higher margin segments of categories with a bit more brand investments. So I don't see a seismic shift in strategic marketing. But if you look at this year and say "Wow, U by Kotex was a major A launch." We spent a significant amount of money that a good chunk of the increased marketing. Our Kleenex Hand Towel was a solid launch, and we've made some investments there. We didn't cut those short. We spend what we said we'd spent in the plan, and we're delivering in the marketplace what we expected to be get out of those. And so I think you'd be looking from us consistently hitting lost of singles and maybe very once in a while we get a double or triple or even at a homerun every once in a while. But lots of singles is a good way to win baseball games.
Operator: The next question comes from John Faucher with the JPMorgan Chase.
John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So I think you said the curtailment piece was in tissue towel and you talked a little bit about distributor inventories being too high on the professional side. Were the retail inventories too high on the tissue towel coming out of the second quarter as well?-
Thomas Falk: No, I mean, I think in the K-C Professional Health Care side, we're just seeing distributors being more aggressive on managing inventory levels generally. And in the Consumer business, because those are pretty high velocity categories, I wouldn't say there was this inventory swing there other than every customer is much more focused on cash flow and managing inventory type as best they can.
John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So that would be sort of a modest, just a modest impact, then, if there was any sort of deloading on the tissue towel business.
Thomas Falk: And so the curtailment was broadly across our total tissue machine system to make sure that we were managing our inventories to target overall.
John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So I guess maybe going back, so that volume number again, and I know you discussed this a little bit, which is sort of slightly lower than what you were thinking, in terms of not just related to the impact there coming from the promotional spending?
Thomas Falk: The facial tissue category, we picked up four share points sequentially. We had a very successful back-to-school, but it was still -- the category is still pretty weak. You're actually seeing in towels private label growing, the overall category as flat to down slightly. And so just the categories themselves were a little weaker than we thought. You get a little bit less lift from the promotional activity as a result. And so while you had very successful events, it didn't produce as much as we thought it would.
John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then quickly on the Viva side, a couple of years ago, there was a lot of upside from expanding the distribution of Viva. And now you're saying losing from distribution here and I guess how do you feel about sort of the temporary nature of that? Is that just related to the price points? Or do you think there is something where maybe the brand didn't have as much of an ability to increase distribution longer-term versus what you previously thought.
Thomas Falk: Well, Viva's kind of a niche product. I mean, it's a super premium towel. It's a fantastic product. It's got a very loyal consumer following, but if you're a retailer in making tough category decisions. There are some where we lost certain SKUs of Viva. We didn't lose the whole brand in those places. And so its just trying to make sure we build that back and can have the right SKUs on the shelf. We've got to do a better job of driving innovation there as well, and so we've got more plans coming for that in 2011.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason Gere from RBC Capital Markets.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: My big question here goes back to the fourth quarter, the implied organic sales. It just seems a little bit aggressive. As we look at the year, the sales have come down. I guess can you just really talk through the comfort level that your volumes can accelerate, that the organic sales can accelerate when there's still a lot of headwind that you've kind of pointed out there?
Thomas Falk: Yes, I mean, we feel pretty comfortable with the plan at this point in time. We're not calling for a huge amount of acceleration. I mean, essentially, it's more or less tracking about where we were in the third quarter, perhaps slightly better than that. We should be past most of the Health Care H1N1 inventory destocking, so Health Care should be a little bit more positive. We've actually got some plans in place to try to stabilize our KCP business so we'd expect that a little better volume quarter in the fourth quarter. And K-C International continues to do well. We've had good consistent growth in China and expect to see good progress in Latin America. So there's a lot of things that are working well and on track that we'd expect to continue.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: And then just on Venezuela, the second quarter impact on volumes versus the third, what was the change there if you haven't discussed that?
Thomas Falk: We haven't. But I'd say it's pretty similar as it's pretty significant category pullback versus prior year in both periods. So it's a very difficult economic environment as I'm sure you're aware.
Thomas Falk: Jason, it was a little bit worse in the third quarter than on the second quarter comparison.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: So within your guidance, how are you looking at that fourth quarter? Are you expecting that to lessen? Usually with pricing, it takes a little time for the volumes to come. But obviously, this is going to be a unique situation.
Mark Buthman: No, I think it will continue with us for the foreseeable future.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: And then just turning to the low -- you guys talked about a little bit lower promotional activity. Just wondering what you're seeing from your competition out there who are pretty hell-bent on taking some market share. Just, I guess, I was a little surprised that it would come down. I dont know if that was sequentially from the third quarter where I know you stepped it up versus the second. But just can you maybe talk about the shifts between gross to net and kind of the marketing that's in the SG&A line and how we see that shift from the third quarter to the fourth quarter?
Thomas Falk: Yes, and I guess I'd say first of all, we're not planning on losing share. And so it's more around scheduled events. We have a little heavier promotional calendar in the third quarter, so it was trial generation around some innovation. We'd still expect to have a competitive program. In the fourth quarter, we'd expect to see continued stable shares to slightly improving shares in most places. I mean,I'd say broadly the competitive environment isn't getting easier and there are places where it's still tough, but we're not expecting it to significantly worse in the fourth quarter either so.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: And then just a last question on the cost savings. The near hundred million and again that's the assumption there were really kind of no bring forward, from the 2011 to '13 plan?
Thomas Falk: That's correct.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: And any updates there? Are there more opportunities to come through than what you've kind of laid out?
Thomas Falk: We're really just getting started in many of our lean activities. And also as we talked about earlier, we've just launched the global procurement office, and we're setting aggressive savings goals in both those areas and would expect to have that be a major part of our FORCE program going forward. So we've got good activity, and we're very early in the start up curve on both those initiatives.
Operator: Our next question comes from Karen Lamark with Federated Investors.
Karen Lamark - Federated Investors: On the K-C Professional. How seasonal or lumpy is that business from quarter to quarter? And maybe if you can share sort of what percentage of your annual contracts come up each quarter?
Thomas Falk: Yes, it's a little seasonal and that attends to typically have -- historically has had a stronger third quarter and fourth quarter, and then have a slower start to the year. And part of that has to do historically with how distributor incentives are structured so that they're often volume based. And the distributors, if they hit their volume number, they get a rebate at the end of the year and we're trying to over time stabilize more of that to have it be flatter. But I think the behavior's pretty well engrained in the distributor community. And what was the second question?
Karen Lamark - Federated Investors: What percentage in your annual contracts might come up each quarter?
Thomas Falk: Yes, I mean, we've got, as you can imagine, thousands and thousands of contracts. And so they are pretty well-balanced. There isn't any that I would say skewed to a particular time of year.
Karen Lamark - Federated Investors: And when you talk about Q4, you had some plans to stabilize the business. Does it really come back to the incentives that you just referenced? Or is there something else that you're planning on?
Thomas Falk: I think the team's saying where have we got business in the pipeline that we need to close and get those contracts in place and where have we lost business that we want to go, make a pitch to get that business back. And so obviously, we'll do that within our pricing guidelines, but weve got some great innovation in our business and a great story to tell our customers and we're out selling the heck out of it.
Karen Lamark - Federated Investors: And then separately, on the cost cutting, are all of your plans, including what you just suggested, is incremental. Are they all sort of back office and manufacturing related as it -- instead of a top line or sales have an impact on sales?
Thomas Falk: I'd say broadly, what we talked about in FORCE are the things that we measure that flow-through cost of sales. So we'd measure our productivity in terms of waste and efficiency of our production assets. We would measure our cost of purchased materials, so where we get savings in those areas, we will measure our overhead absorption and we'll talk about that separately if where we've taken downtime. But a lot of the lean work that we're doing, getting at more efficient selling processes are some great examples of where that actually increases the effectiveness of your sales team by giving them more efficient tools to use. That's tougher to measure. It shows up in the results, but it's hard to tell what the value of taking an hour administration off the sales rep and giving you more time to sell marketplace. But we think there are clearly benefits there.
Karen Lamark - Federated Investors: And on gross margins, can you remind us how much outside buying or outsourcing you were doing say last year and then this year in Q3?
Thomas Falk: It really varies significantly by business. In our Health Care business, we do a fair amount of outside purchasing. We also make a good bit of the medical devices in-house, so there's a blend there that's probably got the biggest percentage of outside purchase of any of our businesses. Typically, in our Consumer Tissue business in the U.S., we'll have some outside purchases of tissue, and I would say the broad level is pretty similar year-over-year. We haven't seen any big changes. We did bring that down a bit last year and haven't increased the outsourcing this year at all.
Karen Lamark - Federated Investors: And then lastly, I think you mentioned that competitive pressures were pretty broad-based and implied I think that you needed to catch up a bit at least in some business units. Do you feel like you're competitive on price now?
Thomas Falk: Yes, I think broadly, in many cases, we're the industry leader. And so if there was price going up, we are going to lead it. And so we did that and obviously some competitors followed, some didn't. And so that's a normal market reaction, where everybody meets in the marketplace and you get to decide the price at that point in time. So the customers let us know if we're not competitive, then we have a discussion on price at that stage. But we typically hung out there a bit to try to make sure the pricing gets established. And in most cases, competitors follow, but in some, they haven't.
Operator: The next question comes from Linda Bolton Weiser. [Caris & Company]
Linda Weiser - Caris & Company: I was just wondering if you could comment on the M&A environment. You've done a couple of deals in the last year or so. Do you foresee that there is more possible opportunities over the next year?
Thomas Falk: I'd like to think so, and I would say some of the private equity guys seem to have found bankers again. So there is more deals being done with some of that group than maybe we've seen. So nothing big on the radar screen at this point in time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Ferrara with Bank of America.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch: So currency, how did it go -- so I see the top line effect obviously. Can you talk about what the bottom line effect was of currency this quarter and in the context of I guess how miserable it was in a year ago quarter. And then as you've seen the euro turn around, can you just talk about as you look forward what we can expect with respect to the transaction effect, the local currency cost of raw materials on the ground. I mean, it should be pretty favorable as you move forward, I would think. Does that make sense?
Thomas Falk: I mean, actually for the quarter, currency was about a push, so there really wasn't that much impact on net earnings because where we had positives in some areas, we have negatives in Venezuela. And so overall, it wasn't much of a factor in the earnings for the quarter.
Mark Buthman: Yes, that's right. And you're right, though, Chris, sequentially, the transaction effect should start to look better for us assuming current spot rates hold.
Operator: Our next question comes from Connie Maneaty with the BMO Capital Markets.
Constance Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I also just had a follow-up question on currency. What rate are you getting in Venezuela? Are you at the nonessential rate or are you having to access the central bank floating rate and what is that rate?
Mark Buthman: I think the only exchange that's out there is for us at this point is the nonessential rate, which is the 5.4%. And so we're not getting anything at the essentials rate. They do periodic bond offerings and those are -- there was just one recently, and that rate's going to be in the six something, 6.3, 6.4. But there is no other parallel market. So you can only get what you get through the official government exchange sources.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions.
Michael Masseth: All right. Thanks, David. we'll wrap up with a closing comment from Tom.
Thomas Falk: Once again, obviously, we've adjusted our outlook for the year, but we're on the right track of getting this business in shape with our global business plan. And we really appreciate your support at Kimberly-Clark. Thank you very much.
Mark Buthman: Thank you.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Paul Alexander - IR Mark Buthman - SVP and CFO Tom Falk - Chairman and CEO
Analysts: Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Chris Ferrara - Bank of America Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital Gail Glazerman - UBS  Alice Longley - Buckingham Research. Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse  Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets Linda Bolton Weiser - Caris & Co. Andy Feinman - Iridian Asset Management 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for your patience in holding. We now have your speakers in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of the presentation, the floor will be open for your questions. At that time instructions will be given as the procedure to follow if youd like to ask a question. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Paul Alexander. Mr. Alexander you may begin sir.
Paul Alexander: Thanks David and good morning everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Tom Falk Chairman and CEO, Mark Buthman Senior VP and CFO, and Mike Azbell, Vice President and Controller. Heres the agenda for this morning's call. Mark will begin with a review of our second quarter results, and then Tom will provide his perspective on the results and discuss our 2010 outlook. Then we'll finish with Q&A. For those wishing to follow along, we have a presentation of today's materials in the investor section of our website, which is www.kimberly-clark.com. Before we begin let me remind you, well be making forward-looking statements during the call today. There can be no assurance that future events will occur as anticipated or that the companys results will be as estimated. Please refer to the risk factor section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for description of factors that could cause our future results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Id also like to point out that we will be referring to our adjusted 2010 outlook that excludes the one time loss in the first quarter for the re-measurement of the local currency balance sheet in Venezuela as a result of the move to highly inflationary accounting. Management believes that reporting in this manner enables investors to better understand and analyze our ongoing results of operations. For further information and reconciliations to comparable financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP, please see today's news release and additional information on our website. Now, Ill turn it over to Mark. 
Mark Buthman : Thanks Paul and good morning. I hope you had a chance to review our news release the details of our results for the quarter. Let's start with few headlines. First, organic sales growth was 2% including continued strong results for K-C International. Second, operating margin improved to 170 basis points, leading to a 24% increase in earnings per share and third, we continue to be focused on driving those factors we control, delivering strong cost savings holding down working capital and increasing investments behind our brands. Now, let's cover the details of the quarter starting with the top line. Overall, sales increased to about 3% to $4.9 billion including one point of growth from acquisitions. Organic sales rose 2% driven by higher net selling prices or sales volumes were essentially even with prior year. Before I get into further details on the top line, Id like to briefly touch on Venezuela.  Given recent limitations on the availability of foreign exchange, we are closely managing finished product imports and net realized revenue. Well this has an impacted bottom line results in a material way, it is influencing the components of our top line. In the second quarter, the overall impact from Venezuela and our total sales was roughly a point negative on sales volumes and one point positive on net selling prices. These impacts were more significant than our previous expectations. Going forward, in the near term we are assuming a continued challenging environment and so Venezuela is a factor thats contributing to our updated organic growth assumptions which are included in our news release. Now, let me turn to the top line for each of our segments. Ill focus my comments on organic sales, setting aside the impacts of currency and acquisitions. Personal care, organic sales increased approximately 4%. Sales volumes were up more than 2% and higher net selling prices contributed an additional point of growth. North America organic sales increased about 6%, sales volumes were up 3% and higher net selling prices driven by a lower level of promotional activity on Huggies diapers contributed two points of growth.  Improved product mix generated an additional point of growth. Feminine care volumes increased double digits for the second consecutive quarter as a result of the U by Kotex innovation. Adult care volumes were also up double digits with benefits from recent innovations and supporting marketing campaigns. Huggies diaper volumes were down slightly in the quarter. In the Europe personal care organic sales were down 3%, sales volumes were down 1% compared to a double digit increase last year, while product mix and net selling prices were each down slightly.  For K-C International personal cares organic sales rose about 6%. Sales volumes were up 5%, with strong volume growth in a number of markets including Australia, China and throughout most of Latin America. Overall net selling prices advance 1% has increases in Venezuela were mostly offset by modest declines elsewhere. Turning to consumer tissue, organic sales were down about 2%, higher net selling prices of 2% and one point of improved product mix were more than offset by lower volumes of 5%. North America organic sales were off approximately 5% and selling prices increased 2%, mostly from sheet count reductions and Cottonelle bath tissue in the first quarter to improve net realized revenue. Product mix was also up two points in the quarter. Sales volumes declined 9% were impacted by the sheet count reductions at Cottonelle, consumer trade down in paper towels and competitive promotional activity.  Expect better volume performance in the back half of the year, taking into account the timing of marketing and promotional activity and the fact that the volume impact of count reduction should fade over time. Switching to Europe, consumer tissue organic sales were down about 3% in a continued difficult environment. Sales volumes were down 2% and product mix was off an additional point. For K-C International, consumer tissue organic sales have increased more than 4%, driven by higher net selling prices.  Shifting to K-C Professional and other, organic sales were up nearly 5% and selling prices rose 4% mostly in North America in K-C International and mix was up slightly. Organic sales volumes were similar to year ago. High end employment and office vacancy rates continue to impact the North American washroom category. On the other hand, volumes continue to advance in high margin wipers and throughout K-C International.  Lastly, healthcare organic sales were down 9%, as volumes fell 6% and net selling prices declined 3%. Increased demand for face masks in 2009 as you might recall as a result of the H1N1 flu virus adversely affected volume comparisons by about 5%.  On a related note, we experienced some inventory reductions in our distributors and end users that we hadn't anticipated. We believe that dynamic is mostly behind us. Meanwhile, organic sales volumes of high margin medical devices were up 9%.  Now, moving to profit margin and cost savings. Gross margins was 33.8%, that's up 50 basis points compared to a year ago and that's the seventh consecutive quarter of year-on-year improvement. Second quarter operating profit rose 17% with margin of 14.6%, up a 170 basis points compared to the prior year. The positives affecting comparisons included organic sales growth, ongoing cost savings, last year severance charge to streamline the organization and a related current year savings from that initiative. In addition, we benefited from the lower pension expense, increased manufacturing volumes and a lower level of other expense. These factors allowed us to overcome $235 million of input cost inflation and a $40 million increase in strategic marketing investment in the quarter. Turning to cost saving our momentum with FORCE programs continues to build, second quarter savings were in all time record $105 million with strong broad based results across the organization. I am really pleased with the efforts of our global sourcing and supply chain teams and our European business has done a terrific job eliminating waste and reducing cost. In fact for our European business in total, margins and profits are up nicely year-on-year even setting aside the impact of last years severance charge.  So, given our strong performance, we are now raising our full year FORCE target to at least $300 million that compares to our previous estimate of $200 to $250 million for the year.  Now taking a look at second quarter segment operating margins, personal care margins remains strong at over 20%, consumer tissue margins of about 10% were down from last year driven by all time high pulp cost KCP margins of nearly 17% continued to improve versus 2009, driven by higher selling prices and cost savings. And last the healthcare margins at about 12% were below last year driven by lower organic sales, the I-Flow acquisition and cost inflation.  Now moving to cash flow, cash provided by operations was $587 million that compares to $997 million a year ago which was an all time record for the second quarter, decline was driven by a significant improvement in working capital last year partially offset by a lower level of pension plan contributions of 2010. Our businesses continue to aggressively manage primary working capital. Year-to-date our cash conversion cycle is about 50 days, down eight days compared to the full year average for 2009. We now expect to exceed our original plan to reduce cash conversion cycle by 3 to 5 days this year. I am encouraged that cash provided by operations improved from the first quarter and I expect cash generation to build further in the second half of the year. In terms of capital spending, second quarter spending was $179 million, as mentioned in our news release we now expect that full year spending will be at the low end or potentially slightly less than our target range of $1 to $1.1 billion for the year. Regarding share repurchases, we bought 5.7 million shares of KMB stock in the quarter at a cost of about $350 million. We have repurchased $500 million worth of our stock in the first half of the year, with expectations for continued strong cash flow. We are raising our full year repurchase target to $700 million to $800 million, thats up $200 million from our April plan. So, that wraps up the financial review, to recap the quarter. We achieved strong organic sales growth in K-C International. We generated significant cost savings. We invested to support our brands and innovation, and we delivered strong improvements in margins and earnings per share. Now, Ill turn it over to Tom.
Tom Falk: Thanks Mark and good morning everyone. Ill give you my prospective of our results and then Ill cover the outlook for the rest of the year, and then as usual well move on and get to your questions. So in short, we are delivering solid results from the near term, while we maintain our strong focus on the long term. So let me begin with our second quarter results. Looking at the overall numbers, our organic sales were up about 2%, that was driven all by higher net selling prices and our sales volumes were about even with year ago. So, based on the plans that we have in place, and taking into account some of the factors that Mark talked about, we now expect organic sales volumes in the back half of the year to pick up some what from second quarter levels.  On the bottom line, we delivered a 24% increase in earnings per share, and that obviously delivered a very strong margin improvement. Well, comparisons were aided by last year's severance charge, Id also point out that the headwind we faced this quarter from cost inflation, was more than double the impact of the charge that we took for severance last year. So, cost savings and revenue realization strategies have been very important to our bottom line results. I am also pleased that despite the high commodity costs our gross margins are tracking ahead of our full year 2009 levels, and thats true for the second quarter and its also true for the first half of this year.  We also made progress in a number of other important areas in the quarter. First, we continue to further strengthen our brands. Several innovations we brought to market in 2010 including U by Kotex, some new independent products and the Huggies jeans diaper in North America performed very well in the quarter. Our second quarter market shares improved sequentially from the first quarter and several of our categories in North America including diapers and half way through the year I am encouraged by the results I am seeing from our innovation activities. Second, we continue to pursue our targeted growth initiatives. In K-C International volume growth has been healthy in those markets, and we are taking additional steps to further enhance our position. For example, in China our personal care sales volumes are up more than 25% this year. Weve introduced an improved premium tier Huggies diaper and we are just now launching the value to your Huggies diaper to reach more consumers and drive our growth in this important category. In Russia, towards the end of the quarter we officially opened our first manufacturing facility there and started shipping an improved Huggies diaper. Then Mark and I, and several other K-C executives were there for the grand opening and it was a very important milestone for us in this market. We celebrated it by having a young Russian mom for us to start (inaudible) on the first diaper machines. So it was a terrific event, but we are really excited about this being able to help us further improve our ability to drive top and bottom line growth in this important market. And in Latin America, our personal care volumes outside of Venezuela are growing double digits or introducing a number of improvements to our diaper in feminine care line up. Elsewhere our higher margin K-C Professional, wiper volumes were up high single digits in North America in the quarter. We are launching a new Kimtech anti-microbial wiper and our best ever WypAll wiper in the KCP space. And in healthcare I am very pleased to see the continued growth of our higher margin medical devices. In addition the integration of I-Flow was on track and I-Flow sales in the first half of the year were nicely above pre-acquisition levels as you would expect in the kind of high growth of business they are in. And third, we continue to focus on generating cash flow and deploying in shareholder friendly ways. As Mark mentioned, we are aggressively managing capital spending on working capital and weve raised our share repurchased plan for the year.  So, all in all we have made progress on a number of fronts, in our difficult and challenging environment. And through the first six months of 2010, we are generally on track with our full year plan. So, now let me turn to the outlook. We remained committed to the long term success at Kimberly-Clark in delivering solid results in the short term as well, despite the near term headwinds we are facing. Well continue to further strengthen our brands, pursue our targeted growth initiatives and invest for future growth. Well bring more innovation in the market in the back half of the year, including improved Huggies Little Snugglers Diapers, independent products in North America, new wipers in K-C Professional and several innovations in many markets in K-C International. Well support our brands, innovations and growth initiatives with strong marketing programs, and we continue to expect that strategic marketing spending will rise at a faster rate than sales this year.  Key changes to our full year 2010 planning assumptions were included in this mornings new release. So here are the highlights. First, we have widened our organic sales growth range to a range of 2% to 4% that compares to our previous range of 3% to 4%. On an average, we expect to generate more price and mix benefits in our previous plans, while we reduced our volume assumptions slightly. Second, cost inflation is projected to be $700 million to $800 million this year, thats up $100 million from our April estimate. That said, we continue to expect the pulp cost will start to fall sequentially in the second half of the year, which should start to benefit our results primarily in the fourth quarter. And third, as Mark mentioned, weve raised our forced cost savings target to be at least $300 million this year. Putting it all together, we are continuing to target adjusted earnings per share in a range of $4.80 to $5 per share for 2010. And consistent with our previous guidance with what we know now, is more likely the adjusted earnings per share will be toward the low end of that range. So all in all, we are managing well those factors we control in the near term, while focusing on doing whats right for the long term health of our business. So to summarize, we are essentially on track with our plan for the year. Were continuing to invest for future growth and were confident that successful execution of our global business plan will drive sustainable growth and shareholder value for many years to come. That wraps up our prepared remarks. And now well be happy to begin to take your questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen at this time the floor is now open for your questions. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Ali Dibadj from Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Tom I just got a few things, one is, you clearly over the past several quarters made a decision towards price over volume and I guess I can certainly understand why you do that to keep your pricing level that you have fought for such a long time, still where they are longer term. But if I am trying to get underneath that a little bit, why have you assumed that strategically kind of misguide or silly to go after volume but surely in this environment especially as your competitors have decided differently on that strategic matter?
Tom Falk:  Id say if you look at the volume missing the quarter Ali, actually more of it has to do with Venezuela than versus what you are expecting. So, Venezuela by itself was a one point drag on volume in the quarter. It was a one point positive on price, but as we really stopped or slowed down our import level that you are starting to see carry or contraction. On the consumers issue front a lot of this is carry over price. So a lot of the (inaudible) Cottonelle, its really a trade off between sheet count and price. And if you look at, we are also told you wouldnt see much swing there. I think if you looked at our sequential shares, back our shares down three times, towels its up three times, facial is always sequentially soft in the second quarter and really most of our personal care area you are seeing shares are positive in the second quarter. So, I wouldnt expect that we are trading off volume for price probably at all. 
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein:  Okay. Lets talk about your volume shares and I think those numbers are probably driving our value shares. You are not I think gaining volume share, is that the case? Those numbers I think were value share, correct?
Tom Falk: Yes, those are all dollar shares; I don't think youd see a big swing because we line up pretty competitively what everybody else has done in the market place. So I don't think youd see a big divergence in trend there from what we are seeing. If you look at it broadly internationally, I think as Mark said in the personal care front, you generally saw a negative price constant personal care in those markets. It was kind of dwarfed by the impact of price increases in Venezuela. So we are spending competitively. We talked about the 25% volume growth so far this year in China, so I think we are driving the business in strategic ways where it makes sense to do that, and we are not generally trading off volume for price in most cases.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Okay I guess it's tough for me to drive given that your working capital, particularly your inventories are up so much, so it sounds, unless its all Venezuela right to your point a moment ago.
Tom Falk: Id say inventories; we probably had a cyclical low last year. We rebuilt them just a little bit this year, but I would say broadly our cash conversion cycle is better than we had expected year-over-year. So I think inventories, they arent out of line with where we would expect them to be at this point.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Just as you look at your EPS guidance, looks like a much faster deceleration at the back half of this year, and clearly commodities is in there, it sounds like competitive actions don't bother you or pricing doesn't bother you, but want to get underneath the deceleration that we should expect certainly year-over-year and at the back half of the year. Is it all commodities or are there other stuff going on?
Tom Falk: Certainly commodity costs will be in our guidance, will be higher in the second half of the year than they were in the first half, and because of the strong third quarter we had last year where you really had the low point of the commodity swing. We are always been have tough second half comparisons. So I dont think anything has changed from that standpoint. I would say you really expect to have a slightly better earnings second half and the first half, that's implied in our guidance despite the fact that commodity costs will be a little higher in the second half than the first half. So wed expect volume to be a little bit better in the second half than the first half. Wed expect our cost savings to be a little bit better second half to first half and the combination of that will deliver the guidance that we have given you today. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank. 
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Can you just talk about US diaper category trends broadly and also in all other terms. I dont think we are going back to split (inaudible) here in this country but it seems like some of the trends are pretty awful. Especially if we look at the Wal-Mart panel data, which may or may not be right. But some of these numbers are down 10% to 15% in the quarter. So it's clearly a share shift. So is there anything driving that and when do you think it starts to accelerate again?
Tom Falk: In our business we had a pretty solid second quarter. We saw good healthy growth in the super premium segment with the Jeans Diaper launch as well as in our Little Walkers areas. So, we actually saw decent improvements in terms of a mixed standpoint in diapers. We are seeing those with the recession, the decline in the birth rate, thats still affecting the overall category in the first half. We are seeing signs that birth rates should pick up and you should start to see a little healthier category from a volume standpoint in the second half. I would say if you looked at P&G share numbers and you all have a chance to add some more questions about it, they actually probably had a little bit more of their share shift from their top performing products into their mid-performing product.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Some of these declines in the sales are lot more than just talk at least in recent trends. Are people changing their usage habits also, so are they using less diapers.
Tom Falk: We looked at the overall category, it was down like a percent for something like that, it wasn't huge. Sometimes panel data on diapers in particular is difficult to interpret because they dont have enough diapering households in the panel to make it really be relevant.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay, got you and this might be knitpicking, but wasnt the big step change innovation at Kleenex was supposed to drive volume. I know its a soft quarter but it was a soft quarter last year also. So, you surprised that Kleenex didnt get a bigger lift from the innovation change?
Tom Falk: Well it's the softest Kleenex ever and we are driving that. Youre seeing more promotional activity generally in audit, but the second quarter is typically the seasonal low point. We have had the big cold and flu season in the first quarter. We got back-to-school plans coming in the third quarter. So you tend to see private label share pick up, both Kleenex and Puffs were down year-over-year in the second quarter. The category was a little bit soft in the second quarter as well Bill and thats probably carry-over from that a pretty light cold and flu season.
Mark Buthman: I would also add, this is a pretty big technology change. So the transition at bay sheet continues to roll out over the line up. So it continues, were not quite fully national yet, but further along as that gets fully national, I think you will see some benefit.
Operator: Next question comes from Chris Ferrara with Bank of America
Chris Ferrara - Bank of America: I just wanted to understand a little bit better the increase in marketing and research and general administrative, I guess it was up $90 million year-on-year, extra severance charge in the year ago. Im just having a hard time getting to why that increase is so big. I know I-Flow is running at a loss when you got it, I know marketing was up $40 million but even excluding those, it still seems like you have some more to bump up in there. Can you give a little bit of color on that?
Tom Falk: The acquisitions, both I-Flow and Jackson are a part of that and I-Flow has got a pretty big SG&A load because theyve got a very significant sales organization, but those are probably the two bigger factors. I dont know, Paul, if there is anything else to speak to in there.
Tom Falk:  Those are definitely the two biggest factors, Chris, and then on top of that we did have higher R&D spending in the quarter, and then also continue to increases to support K-C International growth, which I think we talked about last quarter also. 
Mark Buthman: Underlying G&A management, Chris, continues to be very tight given the environment we are in. 
Chris Ferrara - Bank of America: And the just on CapEx, I guess at Analyst Day you lowered the CapEx assumption by 50 basis points and now youre taking the 2010 target down. Did you not lower the long-term target enough that Analyst Day?
Tom Falk: Well, I think this continues to trend below our expectations honestly. So, we felt like sitting here in the beginning of the year and were spending about $750 million rate and we had $1 billion to $1.1 billion guidance out there. I think we have enough projects in the pipeline that we will accelerate in the second half of the year, but we still wont get to the upper limits. So, we are just trying to be transparent on that. 
Mark Buthman: And volume growth in K-C International has been strong enough for, were starting to have to. Its been a few years since weve added incremental capacity, particularly in personal books. Our CapEx is going to follow the trends of the business which are pretty good. 
Tom Falk: And even in North America, if you looked at our adult care and feminine care business, those things grew double-digit again in the quarter. So were actually looking at some capacity expansions there as well. 
Chris Ferrara - Bank of America: So you think its more timing than anything that the 2010 number is lower than you thought?
Tom Falk: Yes
Chris Ferrara - Bank of America: And then finally, just on FORCE, I mean, look obviously, thats a great result right in raising the number by a third is pretty impressive, but where do you find that? I mean, over a course of three months, you raised that target by a third. Should we think of that as pulling some of that forward or maybe youre being a little bit conservative originally, like how do I think about that big an increase?
Tom Falk: Yeah, I think a part of it was easier comps, we talked a lot about this, we had a lot of downtime in the first half of last year and while we strip downtime out separately, but when your machines are down you also tend to do more maintenance spending which we count against our FORCE. So, the fact that we had less downtime in the first half helps us a bit there, so on the other cost of sales area was positive. We put a global procurement team in, so we are pushing more aggressively on that front. We are also driving a lean continuous improvement process. We are at the very front end of that. And so, weve got programs running in North America and in our international markets. And those are delivering quiet frankly more faster than we would have expected and weve still got a long way to got to really built that into our culture, but the combination of all those things have delivered that. We still think there is a huge opportunity to continue to deliver going forward, but we are pleased we are ahead in this tough commodity cost environment. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays Capital.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: I just wondered if you could talk a little bit about the role of volume growth in your tissue margins and profitability, obviously, pulp is an enormous challenge, but when you contract youve been able to deal with margins in K-C Professional. I know there is a lot of stuff that would stop your tissue. There seems that the revenue realization strategy has worked is working, and in tissue, it feels a little bit like we are going in circles. So can you talk a little bit about that and how you are thinking about that over next year or two exclusive of what happens with pulp?
Tom Falk: So, Lauren was there some kind of tissue joke in there with bathroom tissue and polythene on a roll that we are going in circles.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: I dont mean it but it just keeps happening, I keep doing that.
Tom Falk: No, I think, as you compare it to K-C Professional, we have done a better job actually of diversifying the K-C Professional portfolio in getting more of our business into the high-margin wipers and safety products that are less pulp price dependent. In tissue, consumer tissue is still, bathroom tissue, towels and facial tissue, and those are still heavily affected by the price of pulp. So, Id say we arent happy with shares being down or in those categories we want to at least hold share and grow with the category. Some of it was affected by desheeting, some of it was affected by sequential weakness, but other cases its private label and towels in particular has been growing at everybodys expense. And so, we got to make sure we are still on the right value equation in that market and so obviously we continue to focus on earning the cost to capital in our tissue business and believe we have seen the worst of it, as pulp price start to ease particularly in the fourth quarter. We will start to see a little bit better volume trends and see a little bit better margins as pulp prices come down.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Are you anywhere near being able to think about taking out capacity incurred volumes and consumer tissue has now been down for nine quarters now?
Tom Falk: We still really forecast review with our tissue team and we talked about that exact subject and we would expect to be pretty fully loaded. Now in some cases we had actually been outside buying in tissue to supplement our manufacturing base and weve used that over a number of years as a way to make sure that we ran full. So weve been able to pull back a little bit on some of those outside commitments which actually helps us from a cost standpoint and allows us to continue to run our assets full. 
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Okay and then just one other thing which is on personal care in the DNE markets. You read a volume growth, is it your sense that today you are growing inline with the market as 5% or 7% volume I guess its the last two quarters numbers there. Is that enough to begin share or is it sort of inline with the market?
Tom Falk: I think its a very diverse pool of markets as you look at China, Id say with the 25% growth we are seeing, we are probably still growing ahead of the market because we are building distribution in those markets. Latin America, weve seen solid personal care growth care, there Id say we are probably picking up a little bit of share particularly in Fem Care and diapers. Russia is a more competitive battles, so there Id say we are battling it out with Procter and its a share battle everyday there and so, it is mix bag, but I would say in most markets, we are holding shares and in some of them we are picking up a bit. 
Operator: The next question comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman - UBS : Can you give a little more color on what's going on with U by Kotex, If I remember correctly the stronger last quarter was really kind of volume ahead of the rollout is what you saw in the second quarter something more sustainable or is that still related to the rollout?
Tom Falk: Yeah. I mean the launch has gone very, very well. It exceeded our expectations and we had pretty high expectations for it. It really seems to resonate very well with young women. Quarter average picked up about four share points and U buy Kotex, our overall Kotex or fem care business in total was up about 2.5 share points, so most of it has been incremental. We continue to see strong interest and have gotten aggressive plan to continue to drive it and bring innovation to that brand in that consumer space. So, we are pretty enthusiastic about what we are seeing so far. So, obviously our competitors had a lot of activity ahead of our launch and we assume that they are going to continue to be competitive, so we are not expecting its going to be easy going forward either.
Gail Glazerman - UBS : Okay. And on the paper front, is there anything you can say about, I guess the trend in the competitive activity moving forward given the issues that P&G has had with the Dry Max rollout. Is that getting more intent less intent?
Tom Falk :  Id say broadly P&G has executed a lot of their plan on Dry Max and they have gotten with distribution they wanted. They have gotten the promotion space that they wanted. They are going to stick with it and continue to drive, but I think they are through most of the PR issues they were facing and so I think obviously we feel pretty good about our innovation plan in diapers. So we had a very good quarter with jeans diapers, weve got more improvements on Huggies coming in the back half of the year. So I think the great news for mom is that both the premium brands Huggies and Pampers are driving a lot of innovation and thats good for moms and for branded diapers generally.
Gail Glazerman - UBS : Okay and can you give us some color on looking at your away-from-home business, I guess you are kind of saying both of this flat underlying trend, the economy has started to turn off at the low base. Have you been holding share or do you think that maybe the markets been recovering at your end or and is giving up new share and just broadly speaking when do you think theyll be more economically sensitive businesses as what are you seeing?
Tom Falk: Yes, its really an interesting math as you look around the world, K-C Professional. In the US Id say certain segments like lodging, are still kind of depressed you are not seeing those come back office building, there is another, weve got particular strength, put the vacancy rates you can see those kind of numbers not coming back, manufacturing starting to come back. We are seeing that in our safety business and some of our wiper business. So you have talked about the volume growth there. But you are not seeing a lot of net employment increase. So, we dont see it as much in our washroom side of our business. So, broadly thats kind of the US market, particularly Europe on the other hand. We had double digit volume growth in Europe and good improvements in markets like Germany where you are actually starting to see pretty good pick up in industrial output. And so, that was a positive for us in the quarter and then internationally we had solid double digit volume growth in the international markets for K-C Professional. Mostly in Asia, there was about five points of volume and about 13 points of price roughly in that price and mix and so. So again, pretty good volume growth starting to show up in those markets as well.
Gail Glazerman - UBS :  Okay, just last question. Are you seeing any changes in consumer buying patterns, is it still kind of hand to mouth by the end of the month or is there any census strength there?
Tom Falk:  All the consumer survey information weve seen would say, consumer confidence is not getting better at this point in time. Its kind of going sideways. And so, you are still seeing some up ticks in some categories in private label shares, not as much as you saw at the beginning of last year. And then some categories, its actually starting to trend down a little bit, but things like paper towels and facial tissues still see consumers time private label and if you talk to key accounts, they would say that moms are still pretty squeezed. Percentage of consumers that are end using food stamps continues to increase. And so, the consumer generally is feeling pressure out there in the US in particular. 
Operator: Our next question from Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research.: Could you tell us you how much in the US Huggies were up in dollar terms both for diapers and then separately for childcare?
Tom Falk: In dollar shares were up sequentially or year-over-year you are looking for?
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research.: Year-over-year?
Tom Falk: Year-over-year our Huggies shares was down slightly versus Q2 last year. I think we were about almost 38 shares which was a recent high watermark. And in this quarter, we are right around 37, so we were up from 35 and change in the first quarter. So we are up about nearly a point or a little over a point sequentially and down about a point year-over-year. PULL-UPS would be up both sequentially and over prior year, up about almost three points over prior year.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research.: Really what I was asking but I wanted hear that too, is your shipments, so were your Huggies diaper shipments down and your childcare shipments up in dollar terms?
Tom Falk: Yes, Huggies was down slightly in volume for the quarter year-over-year and PULL-UPS was up 2% year-over-year, so pretty much tracking share trends. 
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: So just to repeat your childcare volume shipments were up 2% and your Huggies diaper shipments were maybe down 2% volume?
Tom Falk: That's Ballpark, yes.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research.: Okay, but then pricing was positive I guess for both?
Tom Falk: Yes. For pricing it had more to do with levels of coupon drops that were spent against it in prior year versus this year as well.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research.: How much did that add, so Huggies diapers sales in dollars were up?
Mark Buthman:  Well they are up, we dont get to that level of detail, but for the total North American personal care business price was up about 2%, and that was primarily coming from Huggies. So overall you should think about Huggies diaper sales being up and the same would be true for childcare.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research.: And up in the mid single digits, putting them both together?
Mark Buthman: Yes low to mid singles would be fair.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research.: Okay and then looking at your emerging market, organic sales of 6%, can you break that down into volume and price?
Mark Buthman: Yes, it was split evenly between volume and price.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research.: Okay and then obviously if I take out Venezuela, it was more volume, right?
Mark Buthman: Correct, yes
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research.: How much was emerging markets up if you take Venezuela out?
Mark Buthman: Well you should think about is that Venezuela had a point impact on volume for the company, negative in a point, positive on price and emerging markets is about a third of the company.
Tom Falk: So you could roughly multiply those by three.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research.: So since Venezuela had one point negative on volume and one point positive on price I guess emerging markets excluding Venezuela were also up six?
Tom Falk: Thats right
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research.: Okay and then the last piece is on US sales overall, once I throw in healthcare, I am going to assume your shipments were flattish in the quarter?
Tom Falk: We really look at geographic lens at this point, so I would be guessing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wendy Nicholson with Citigroup
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup: First question on the diaper category, I was actually surprised that the press release said that your promotional spending was down year-over-year. I would have thought been up with the Jeans Diaper, but is that just a function of timing and maybe more advertising. So overall investment spending, I assume is still strong in diapers?
Tom Falk:  Yes, absolutely. We were launching Pure & Natural last year in the second quarter, and so its part of the comp to that and Jeans Diaper were really in and out. So it was one that you didnt need to spend quite as much on. It also has such obvious appeal and with such great support from our retailers that actually it was a good vehicle to build and drive that in a very efficient way. 
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup:  And to your point about being in and out, it goes off the shelves in September or whatever, is that right?
Tom Falk:  Yes. It actually, its probably little earlier than that. I mean some customers blew through it very quickly. So it will probably give us a little bit of boost still in the third quarter but I guess late July or early August, most retailers are going to have work through the inventory. 
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup:  But you are just replacing that spot on the shelf with regular PULL-UPS. Right, if not like a shift in the number of facings you have or anything like that?
Tom Falk:  And this is a Huggies diaper promotion, but yes it will absolutely be tied in with our regular Huggies business. So a lot of the stuff, its promoted off either end cap displays or other in-store floor displays, so that it wasnt all cut into the shelf either.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup:  Okay and then my second question on the healthcare business, due to a sharp decline in the profits and the 12% operating margin, how much of that do you think is associated with just the sort of negative operating leverage from the weak top line? In other words, if the top line was kind of a one-time event, I mean is a 12% operating margin on one-time event, are we confident thats going to back up?
Tom Falk:  Id say if you look at our first half average margin in that business which is even more in the 13% to 14% range. That is probably a good average to look at for the year at this point, given that weve got some of the one-time cost from I-Flow coming through. And then we would expect to see a nice sequential pickup in 2011 as you work through some of that stuff.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup: And then last question, just guidance on tax rate for the year, could you say?
Tom Falk: It hasnt really changed, so Mark will give you a little bit more color on it.
Mark Buthman: 29 to 31 at this point. It looks like we might be in the upper half of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Sawyer with Goldman Sachs.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: I just had a quick one on this lower tier diaper launch you talked about in China and I was wondering if you could kind of scoop that out strategically and we havent seen you guys as aggressive in the low price tiers across there in the US and Europe. And I was wondering if this is something that we are more likely to see more of an emerging market, is there something youd consider in the developed market as well?
Tom Falk: Well, actually in costs, in many of the emerging markets we participate in, in tier 3 very broadly which is kind of the mid segment of the category. And in some markets we actually compete in tier 2 and down even into our very lowest tiers depending on the market make-up, and it depends on the competitive side obviously, in what you are trying to accomplish there and what your scale is. So in China, we just felt that as we have had success with Huggies and the super premium that adding the value tier was a logical next step, and so as we continue to build our portfolio there, thats the place to go. Again, I look at it more country-by-country, whats the category structure, whats the competitive set and where are you going to make your mark.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: This is a tier 3 offering then?
Tom Falk: Yes.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: And then just quickly follow-up on the
Tom Falk: Thats probably not a tier 1 or anything like that.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: On Wendys question on the promo spending, I was explaining it differently. I would have thought you would have been a little more aggressive with promo spending to counter what Procter was doing this quarter. Is that just not something that was ever in the planning?
Tom Falk: Well, I mean, we felt that all this strategy is part of how good do you feel about your innovation and what you need to do to deliver on your volume objectives. And we felt strongly enough with what we had planned that we were spending as an appropriate level. Weve got some great advertising, spending behind our Huggies brand. And if I look at our share trends sequentially, it looked like it worked reasonably well. So, I think wed rather do it with innovation and great marketing and continue to drive it that way than doing it with price off coupons if you can avoid that. 
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: If I can ask one last quick one. Thinking about the pulp curve potentially going down, what is your assumption for the pulp price exiting the year and then secondarily, how should we think about industry pricing and promotional activity as that happens?
Tom Falk: I think our forecast is pulp gets down around $900 a ton, something like that, it exits the year and which is dipped down a little from I guess our previous expectation but it also got a little higher than our previous expectation in the second quarter. So the average for the year is probably going to be a little bit a higher than we were overall. I think the other thing to remember, if you look at price realization in our consumer tissue business overall, just this quarter, weve only recovered about a third of the fiber price increase in the form of net realized revenue. So, pulp could fall by a lot and you wouldnt really feel the need to do something from a price promotion standpoint. And if you even look back to the last price increase that was taken at the end of 2008, a fair amount of that has been spent back already in terms of higher promotion spending. So, I guess our expectation is that you won't see as much softness in promoted prices in the back half of the year, but we will have to wait and see what happens.
Operator: Our next question from Chip Dillon with Credit Suisse 
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse : Just one quick clarification on the tax rate. It would seem like and its just to make some of the rate page mark, about 28 to 28.5% is what we should use in the back half to get to that upper end of the 29 to 31?
Mark Buthman:   Thats about right, 
Tom Falk: Yeah, thats about right. We had expected it to be a little bit favorable in the back half of the year relative to the first half.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse: And then one thing that I was interested in is, you mentioned in the K-C International area that the tissue volumes overall were flat, and as you think about that part of the business consumer tissue versus personal care, it would seem to me that, that maybe a sign of things to come where youre basically going to get the lion share of your growth in Personal Care, just given some of the dynamics in some of those countries. Could you talk about that?
Tom Falk: Yeah, I think thats probably right, you know we are in personal care in a lot more countries in a bigger way. And so, in many cases there is a big opportunity to drive category penetration to a greater extent in personal care, because the categories are much less penetrated than for example bathroom tissue which should be pretty highly penetrated everywhere. So, youll tend to see more innovation and growth opportunities, but I would also tell you there are things like facial tissue, which there maybe category growth opportunities. Weve got something we are launching in Australia around some household cleaning wipes, that is the way to expand our tissue brand into some new spaces. We are doing some of the same things in markets like Israel. So, there will be some selected growth opportunities with our tissue brands and our international markets that well take advantage of well.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse: And then I guess lastly, just sticking on tissue, SCA said the other day that they were getting 4 or 5 percentage type price increases in the back half in European consumer tissue. And it seems like just about everywhere youre seeing pricing except here. You just basically saw some sheet count help in the first quarter, as you mentioned. And I just wonder to what extent is some of the aggressive behavior on the part of the private label producers, especially some new ones to try to add Clean-Dry Technology. To what extent do you think thats holding down pricing in the marketplace here?
Tom Falk:  I think that there is a lot of other levers that you pull on tissue besides list price. So list price is one of them but promotional depth and frequency is another. And sheet size, sheet count is another. Package count and how you bundle it, is it 24 rolls or 20 rolls. So theres a lot of different ways to get that price realization in tissue, and were using all of those tools. And I think were far more sophisticated in our outlook and approach to pricing around the world than maybe we would have been even several years ago. And so, understanding the consumer dynamics and how they buy their category and how they react to strategic price points, all plays into it. And so, our challenge is to optimize net realizable revenue and still be competitive in the local market.
Chip Dillion - Credit Suisse:  I think its almost unbelievable how well youve done in this pulp environment. Congratulations. Thats basically a thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Jason Gere with RBC Capital Markets.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets:  I guess just a couple of questions. One, thinking about the volume acceleration in the back half, can you kind of just summarize? They are leaning a little bit more on the emerging markets as youll see a little bit more of an acceleration there, because obviously it sounds like youre doing a lot of great things there. And thats more macro-driven. Or two, is it more the innovation that youve launched, the spending behind it that you do think. And I know you had some comments that the consumer is going to sideways right now. So I guess Im just thinking about the back half of the year. Is it the former or the latter, or is it just really a mix of the two that you think will kind of accelerate the back half?
Tom Falk:  Yeah, I think its in a lots of spots. Certainly, innovation is working fairly. Well have a full six months of U by Kotex in some of the incontinence products where we only had really a quarter or so of those in the first half. So wed expect to see continued volume growth there. Thats very solid. Weve got some great innovation coming with our Huggies brands, and wed expect to see continued strong share results. We had Pull-Ups and GoodNites, so that will be positive. Our tissue, we should be past some of the big sheeting impact and start to annualize some of that in the second half. And so, we would expect to see stronger volume comparisons on tissue. Weve also got more promotional activity, which was our plan, behind some of the innovation thats coming in tissue. Wed expect to see that help our tissue volumes, particularly in North America in the second half. But Id also say, in healthcare, we think were past all the inventory adjustments by our distributors and end-use customers related to H1N1, so we should be back with more of a normal growth trajectory there. So Id say lots of those areas that would add up to our stronger second half than first half.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets: And then, I think in the press release you talked about and, hopefully, you didnt answer this already. But there were some issues that were kind of one quarter with KCP that affected volumes. How much was that and how do we put, I know you kind of quantified Venezuela as kind of 1% hit to volume. I was wondering if the KCP, how that materialized? What the impact was there?
Tom Falk:  As for KCP, the Venezuela impact was across the whole corporation. KCP actually broadly had pretty decent volume results in the quarter from a volume standpoint. I think weve got the number here. It was roughly, I guess it was flat for the second quarter but it was up double-digit in Europe. It was up about mid single-digits in the rest of international, including Asia, US was down just a little bit but we still saw decent growth in our wiper business and safety products.
Mark Buthman:  Healthcare was yeah
Tom Falk: Healthcare was the biggest drag from H1N1.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets: And then, it seems like the biggest pushback on the stock has been on pulp. And I know in your talking about, hopefully, these pulp prices just dont go any higher. But can you just give a little bit of context to what youre seeing in terms of supply sign out there? Where around the world are you seeing actually capacity being expanded? Time put into shape, the demand has been a little bit softer globally but the supply seems to be picking up. Can you talk about like what youre seeing in China, what happened in Chile, Canada? Some of that context that can actually put a little more context around that, yes, pulp seems to be kind of peaking and it should start to come down?
Unidentified Company Speaker : I think there are a lot of factors in the first half that led to a tight supply situation. So there were some strikes in Scandinavia that wound up with either closed ports or closed mills that constrained supply. The Chilean earthquake took kind of a good chunk of the world pulp capacity offline for a period of time, while really all of Chile was idle for six weeks or so. And then, Chinese buying was at a pretty high level in the first half. So, as we head into the second half Chinese buying, at least, in the last couple of months seems to have slowed down quite a bit. The Chilean capacity is now back online. The Scandinavian capacity is back online. The US dollar is a little bit stronger than it was in the first half, which helped some of the European and Canadian producers a little bit. So I would say those factors would tend to point to a little bit weaker health market in the back half but well have to wait and see how that plays out. 
Unidentified Company Speaker :  And there is early signs that prices are indeed going down in China in July. Nothing in the US market at this point but it would seem that, it wouldnt be surprising if it would follow into North America as early as August. 
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets:  And then just last question, more I think for Mark. If you could just think about or talk about the back half of the year and then how should we think about the gross margin outlook for the year? I think initially at the first quarter maybe it was, gross margins would be up about 50 basis points, would still grow a little bit faster than operating margins. Can you just give us a little bit more color on that? Thanks guys.
Mark Buthman:  I think the cost savings are going to continue to ramp up through the back half. Price realization will continue to grow. At this point, we our expectations, we're pretty pleased with the gross margin performance in the second quarter, and continuous to be. It will grow faster than operating margin. Operating margin, we are kind of maintaining our 10 to 70 basis points guidance, its likely year-on-year. Were going to end up at the lower end of that range. So we feel good about the results in the quarter and sort of support for our expectations for the balance of the year. 
Tom Falk:  Yes, we've had seven consecutive quarters of gross margin improvement and we like to deliver an improved gross margin overall for the full year. 
Operator:  Next question comes from Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital Markets. 
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets:  Just to follow up on that last question. Looking at last years third quarter gross margin which it stands at about 590 basis points, is it reasonable to expect that the third quarter 2010 margins should decline while peak prices are as high as they are or did the FORCE saving offset that?
Tom Falk:  I am not going to give you a quarterly gross margin forecast. All I would tell you is last year's third quarter gross margin was 35.2, a pretty tough comp from where we are going be averaging in the first half. So I think it would be better to look at the full year average and we would expect to see improved gross margin on that basis.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. You gave us some indication of what business is like in Venezuela, what pricing up but you are reducing imports and the cost of company, a point on volume, could you just frame that a little bit and describe what business conditions are like, what the demand, what local currency demand is like, and how you see the situation there unfolding over the next six to 12 months?
Tom Falk:   Yes, I wish I had a better crystal ball on that one. I think obviously, everyone that we talk to that does business down there has got some of the same issues. If you import any kind of a product or a raw material, and it's difficult to get foreign exchange. We are getting some foreign exchange, so you are able to pay some of your bills for imported materials.  My sense is that the more local production that you have, the easier it tends to be to get foreign exchange, but thats just anecdotal from our view. And so, there will start to be shortages and there already are big empty spots on shelves on the stores down there, and so, I think how the government and policy makers work through that is yet to be seen. And there isn't a lot of clear guidance coming out of Venezuela as to how its going to resolve itself. But obviously, if they continue to have shortages on key items like diapers and fem care, where there really isnt a lot of local production that will be a challenge for that country. And so, our goal is to do the best job we can to take care of moms and families in Venezuela and make sure they have the bathroom tissue and diapers and feminine care products that they need, and we will do the best job of that we can in the environment that we are operating in.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: Are you accessing the government, the federal bank floating rate or have you had to go to the new parallel market? And whats the rate on that market?
Tom Falk: There is no new parallel market at this point in time. The government has decided that any transactions that were to occur on market like that are illegal, so there is no parallel market that we are aware of. And yes, we have gotten some exchange at the government official rate but it's not enough to be able to fund all of the needs that we would have to bring in imported products.  We make a lot of tissue in Venezuela so we've got good manufacturing capability. We have also got some capacity to make personal care products like fem care and diapers, so there, we are buying raw materials in dollars then we're also using some local materials, and then we also bring in finished products like diapers and fem care from countries like Peru, like Costa Rica, some from Columbia, and so making sure we can pay those bills with a currency other than the bolivar is the challenge
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. When would you expect consumer to, volumes to increase? Do your comments today suggest a volume increase in the second half or declines that are not as severe as they have been?
Tom Falk : Id expect to see some positive comparisons in the second half and some positive volume results from consumer tissue, so that would be based on our planning, thats what wed be looking for in the second half.
Operator: Our next question comes from Linda Bolton Weiser with Caris & Co.
Linda Bolton Weiser - Caris & Co.: I just was wondering if in the same way you talked about pulp, just you could comment on polymer or plastic resins and that seems to have come up at its peak as well. Do you have a forecast for that and will then help the fourth quarter as well?
Tom Falk: Well its still a lot higher than it was a year ago and so that was another part of our uptake in the inflation assumption for the year. I dont know Paul if you got any other color on that?
Paul Alexander: It did move up pretty rapidly in the second quarter. We would expect it to be a bit lower in the back half of the year so that would start to help sequentially later in the year
Linda Bolton Weiser - Caris & Co.: Can you just comment, I know a lot of companies have talked about sort of cutbacks they need or freezing in salaries and compensation and other measures when things were pretty bad a year ago. Is there anything that you did like that, that might comeback that you have to start increasing compensation or are there any cost like that that can creep back upon you that would offset some of the FORCE savings?
Tom Falk: I mean in 2010 we had more of a normal comp year where we have benchmarked what other companies are doing, but having said that, I mean its still a pretty low inflation environment. So its a fairly low percentage increases everywhere. We continue to encourage all of our teams to be disciplined about how they spend money, so whether thats still in vacant positions, we are using a lot of our lean approach to avoid hiring where we can and continue to be disciplined about that. We are staying focused on controlling our travel costs and our other discretionary G&A to make sure that we don't go back and increase our spending at a higher rate. We are budgeting our G&A to be flat in most of our business areas or to grow at a slower rates than sales and so we don't want take our foot off the brake on cost and make sure we got the money to invest in our innovation and strategic brand building. So it's been working so far and our teams are doing a great job of delivering that as you saw with our FORCE cost savings. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillion with Credit Suisse
Chip Dillion - Credit Suisse: I just had a quick follow-up actually just as a tag along to that FORCE question, you are getting the big number this year, would it be however reasonable to expect it to be more of a normal type FORCE goal for 2011, down in the 200 range.
Tom Falk: Well give you more guidance until 11 probably early next year, but Ill probably tell you in some way we had some favorable comps on FORCE to last year, because we had so much downtime we probably did a little bit more on the maintenance front last year so that could be a part of why this year is a little better than we would have expected .But I also think weve got good momentum going with our lean and continuous improvement activity and we should see continued momentum from that into 2011.
Chip Dillion - Credit Suisse: I don't know if you all saw but two of the big pulp players Ken Ford and West Fraser did officially lower in North America $30 dollars for August in pulp so that should help you.
Tom Falk: We've heard, we weren't sure what was public and what wasn't at this point but thanks for sharing that.
Operator: The next question from Andrew Feinman with Iridian Asset Management
Andy Feinman - Iridian Asset Management : Yes, that's right. I just wanted to ask you if, I think one of your preferred issues is coming through or you have the once in seven year opportunity to pay it. So I was wondering if you could tell us what your plans are there. And then, I also wanted to ask, you probably wont answer it, but this year you said the pension expense was 160 and the funding was 240, so I was wondering if you could give us any guidance for those two numbers for next year.
Tom Falk: I'll let Mark probably take both of those. I think on the preferred issue, we really treat that as debt and I would expect that to stay in place at this point even though it does have a maturity date of mark. I dont know if you got anything else to add to that.
Mark Buthman: Andy, thats been on the horizon, its part of our normal funding plan. We are going to go to the market at the end of this month, in fact, next week, with the debt issue. Its not related to that particular item, but I would guess my expectations will be back in the market, well fund that in the normal course. Its not an outsized amount, so we should be fully able to fund that either with a long term debt issue or commercial paper. 
Andy Feinman - Iridian Asset Management : Pension funding?
Mark Buthman: Yes, pension funding, again, it's too early to predict. I think you said, over time, youre going to have I guess funding of $200 million to $250 million. Lets see how the equity markets and our returns play out what the discount rate looks like. 
Tom Falk: And the biggest single variable is whats the AA Corporate bond rate going to be on December 31st, that sort of triggers what youre funding requirement will be. I will tell you this though, we have now frozen our defined benefit plan in the US and so we hadnt let any new entrants into the plan since 1997, and then we froze all remaining participants' balances as of the end of 2009 and have shifted them all into defined contribution plan. So were doing everything that we can to try to manage that liability and yet still provide a competitive benefit program to our employees.
Mark Buthman:   And I think its fair to say, if you think about the next five years, you should see less volatility, get eliminated, but you will see less volatility than you might have experienced in the past.
Operator:  At this time we have no further questions.
Paul Alexander:  All right, thanks David, well finish with our closing comments by Tom.
Tom Falk: So once again, we feel good about the innovation that weve delivered this quarter and we're pleased to be able to deliver on our global business plan objectives. And thank you again for your support at Kimberly-Clark.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that conclude todays conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-22 10:00:00) =====
Kimberly-Clark Corporation (NYSE:KMB):
Executives: Paul Alexander  Head, IR Mark Buthman  SVP and CFO Tom Falk  Chairman and CEO
Analysts: Jason Gere  RBC William Schmitz  Deutsche Bank Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein Chris Ferrara  Banc of America Gail Glazerman  UBS Wendy Nicholson  Citi Investment Research Alice Longley  Buckingham Research Andrew Sawyer  Goldman Sachs Linda Bolton Weiser  Caris & Co. Karen Lamark  Federated Investors John Faucher  JP Morgan Lauren Lieberman  Barclays Connie Maneaty  BMO
Operator: We now have your speakers and conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of the presentation, the floor will be open for your questions. Instructions for asking the questions will be given at that time. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Paul Alexander. Mr. Alexander, you may begin, sir.
Paul Alexander: Thanks, David and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter earnings conference call. With us today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO, Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO, and Mike Asbell, Vice President and Controller. Here is the agenda for the call. Mark will begin with a review of our first quarter results, Tom will then provide his perspective on the results, and discuss our 2010 outlook and well finish with Q&A. For those wishing to follow along, we have a presentation of todays materials in the Investor section of our Web site, which is www.kimberly-clark.com. Now, before we begin, let me remind you that well be making forward-looking statements during the call. There can be no assurance that future events will occur as anticipated, or that our results will be as estimated. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of factors that could cause our future results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Id also like to point out that that we will be referring to adjusted 2010 results and outlook, both of which exclude a one-time loss in the first quarter of 2010 for the remeasurement of the local currency balance sheet in Venezuela as a result of the move to highly inflationary accounting. Management believes that reporting in this manner enables investors to better understand and analyze our ongoing results of operations. For information on these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP, please see todays news release and additional information on our Web site. Now, Ill turn it over to Mark.
Mark Buthman: Thanks, Paul, and good morning. I hope you had a chance to review our news release this morning with the details of our results. Im going to briefly review the quarter and Id like to start with a few headlines. First, organic sales growth was 2%, including continued strong results for K-C International in our healthcare business. Second, adjusted growth and operating margins each improved about 200 basis points leading to a 16% increase in adjusted earnings per share. And third, we continue to be focused on managing those factors we control. Delivering strong cost savings, holding down working capital, and increasing investment behind our brands. Now, lets cover the details of the quarter starting with top-line. Overall, sales increased about 8% to $4.8 billion, including a five point benefit from currency and a one point growth from acquisitions. Organic sales rose 2% as higher net selling prices and improved sales volumes each contributed one point of growth. Now, we turn to the top-line for each of our segments and for this purpose I am going to focus my comments on organic sales setting aside the impacts of currency and acquisitions which are included in our news release. In Personal Care, organic sales increased approximately 3%. Sales volumes were up 3% and higher net selling prices contributed one point of growth, while product mix was off 1%. In North America, organic sales increased nearly 3%. Sales volumes were up about 2% and higher net selling prices driven by the timing of promotional activity, contributed an additional point of growth. Feminine Care volumes increased double-digits due to the strong initial shipments of our U by Kotex innovation. In addition, baby wipes and child care volumes rose mid single-digit and adult care volumes advanced 3%. Huggies diaper volumes were down about 5% including the impact of a lower level of promotional activity compared to last year. Now moving to Europe, personal care organic sales were down about 3%. Net selling prices fell approximately 2% while product mix and sales volumes were down slightly. For K-C International, Personal Care organic sales rose about 6%. Sales volumes were up 7% while product mix lowered sales by about a percentage point. We delivered broad-based volume growth in these markets highlighted by strong performance in China, Turkey, South Asia, and Latin America. Turning to consumer tissue, organic sales were down about 3%, driven by lower sales volumes. In North America, organic sales were down about 4%. Net selling prices increased more than 2%, mostly from the sheet count reductions we took on Cottonelle in the first quarter to improve net realized revenue, while volumes declined nearly 6%. Volumes were impacted by sheet count reductions, a mild cold and flu season for Kleenex and consumer trade down of paper towels. Switching to Europe, consumer tissue organic sales were down more than 5% in a continued competitive environment. Net selling prices fell approximately 3% and sales volumes were down about 2%. For K-C International, consumer tissue organic sales increased 2%, driven by higher sales volumes. Moving to K-C Professional and other, organic sales were up 4%. Net selling prices rose 2%, mostly in North America, Latin America and South Asia. And product mix improved 1% as our global KCP team continued to execute strategies to improve revenue realization. In addition, organic sales volumes were up one point in the quarter reflecting a mostly stable environment in KCPs category. Lastly, Health Care organic sales were up 8%, coming entirely from higher sales volumes. Health Care organic volumes were up in several product categories, including double-digit growth in medical devices and exam gloves. In addition, approximately four points of volume growth came from increased global demand for face masks as a result of the H1N1 flu virus. Now, lets shift to profit, margin, and cost savings. Our adjusted gross margin was 34.5%, thats up 210 basis points compared to a year ago as the sixth consecutive quarter of year-on-year improvement. The benefits from top-line growth, cost savings, less production curtailment in the last year and lower pension expense allowed us to overcome about $70 million of input cost inflation in the quarter. First quarter adjusted operating profit rose 21% and adjusted margin increased to 180 basis points to 15.8%. This is achieved despite a $60 million increase in strategic marketing investment. In addition, selling, research and administrative expenses were up in the first quarter, driven by increases to support future growth in K-C International and the I-Flow acquisition. Results also included a lower level of currency translation loss of transaction losses in other income and expense. Now, turning to cost savings; were off to a great start for the year with total FORCE savings of approximately $80 million. We continue to deliver improvements in sourcing and supply chain activities. And our European business is doing a terrific job and they had a great quarter in terms of cost reduction. Given first quarter performance and the need to reduce costs further as a result of the input costs environment we now expect to deliver savings of $200 million to $250 million for the year, thats an increase of $50 million compared to our previous targets. We also realized benefits of about $35 million from the organization optimization initiative we completed last year. Now, lets take a quick look at first quarter segment operating margins. Personal Care margins remain very strong and just over 22%. Consumer tissue margins were back up into the double-digit range although down from last year mostly from cost inflation. KCP margins of nearly 15% improved nicely year-on-year, driven by higher selling prices and cost savings. Lastly, Health Care margins remain healthy in the mid-teens. Now, switching to taxes. The adjusted effective tax rate in the first quarter was 34.4%, above our full year target range of 29% to 31%. That was driven by a one-time non-cash charge equivalent to $0.05 per share for the change in the Medicare Part D subsidy in conjunction with recent U.S. Health Care reform. As a result, our full year 2010 adjusted tax rate is now more likely to be in the upper half of our guidance range. Now, moving to cash flow; cash provided by operations was $464 million compared to $692 million in the year ago period. The decline was driven by a lower level of improvement in working capital, higher pension plan contributions, partially offset by higher cash earnings. Our primary working capital position remains strong. Our cash conversion cycle is about 51 days in the first quarter, thats down more than seven days compared to 2009s full year average of 58 days. Contributions to our defined benefit pension plans in the first quarter totaled about $175 million compared to $90 million last year. We continue to target full year contributions of about $240 million. Looking forward, I expect our cash generation to build as the year progresses. Regarding share repurchases we bought 2.5 million shares of our stock in the quarter at a cost of about $150 million, thats in line with our plan to repurchase $500 million to $600 million of stock this year. So that wraps up the financial review. To recap the quarter, we achieved strong organic sales growth in K-C International and Health Care. We are off to a strong start with our cost savings, we invested to support our brands in innovation and we delivered strong improvements in adjusted margins and adjusted earnings per share. Now, Ill turn it over to Tom.
Tom Falk: Thanks, Mark and good morning, everyone. I will give you my perspective on our first quarter results and then I will review the outlook for the rest of the year. And then as usual we move on to get to a Q&A. So in short, we had a solid start to the year in the first quarter and we are maintaining the right focus on our long-term success. So let me begin and cover our first quarter results. Looking at the headline numbers, our organic sales were up about 2%, volume growth was a little below our full year target, we still expect that performance to improve later in the year as our innovation and growth initiatives get further traction and the economic environment continues to slowly improve. On the bottom line, we delivered a 16% increase in adjusted earnings per share and that was spurred by 210 basis point improvement in adjusted gross margin. As Mark just mentioned our focus on cost savings and the benefits from last years organization initiative, were important contributors to our improved bottom-line results. We also made progress in a number of other important areas in the quarter. So we are off to a very good start with our plans to continue to strengthen our brands. We have won some great new innovation, including U by Kotex, Kleenex Hand Towels, some new Depend Undergarments and poise thin comfort liners and pads. And so its early for all of these. The launches are going well and we are encouraged by what we are seeing so far. We also supported our brands in our product initiatives with a very healthy $60 million increase in strategic marketing spending. And that puts us right on track with our plan to raise strategic marketing spending at a faster than sales growth. Secondly, we continue to deliver on our targeted growth initiatives. Our Health Care organic volume growth was very good and that included double-digit growth in medical devices. As many of you know thats a very high margin, high growth space that our team continues to focus on expanding. In addition, volumes increased 5% in Kimberly-Clark International and thats our best volume growth performance in nearly two years. We also had excellent growth in key areas like Personal Care in China and in Latin America. And then third, we continue to deploy our cash flow in shareholder friendly ways. In February, we raised our dividend by 10%, which helped us maintain our top tier payout, and we repurchased the meaningful amount of Kimberly-Clarks stock in the first quarter. So all in all, we made progress in a number of fronts and were encouraged by our execution in the quarter. So, now let me turn to the outlook for the year. Overall, although input costs are increasing we are committed to the long-term success of Kimberly-Clark and to delivering solid results in the short-term as well. And while some of our key planning assumptions for 2010 have changed in the last three months we are maintaining our previous guidance for adjusted earnings per share for the year. As we said at our investor day last month we will continue to further strengthen our brands, pursue our targeted growth initiatives and reinvest for future growth. We have got a number of near-term innovations coming, including the Huggies jeans diapers, improved GoodNites Underwear, a new Wypall wiper and K-C Professional and several innovations in K-C International, including an upgrade to our Huggies diapers in China. We will support our brands innovations and growth initiatives with strong marketing programs. And we continue to expect a strategic marketing spending will rise at a significantly faster rate than sales this year. We also invest to further improve our research and customer development capabilities, both of which are key to delivering sustainable growth. Now, in terms of the external environment, given input costs changes in the first quarter our expectations for additional near term increases, particularly, with pulp, we are now expecting significantly higher cost inflation in 2010 that we previously estimated. As we mentioned in this mornings news release we are now planning for a cost inflation to be $600 million to $700 million this year. Thats about $300 million higher that our assumption that we made in January. So as a result we are aggressively looking for ways to improve our revenue realization. Mark mentioned that we have already implemented sheet count reductions on our tissue business in North American consumer. K-C Professional will be initiating a price increase in the second quarter in North America and in the third quarter in Europe. And then finally, we are raising prices in consumer tissue in most major geographies around the world. So all told, we now expect a higher net selling prices and improved mix will benefit sales by about 1% and operating profit by about $100 million. In addition, as Mark shared with you, we raised our fourth cost savings target by 50 million for the year and we will continue to tightly control our discretionary spending. So these actions combined with a flexibility we built into our original 2010 plan will help offset the higher than expected input costs. So putting it altogether we continue to target adjusted earnings per share in 2010 in a range of $4.80 to $5.0 a share with what we know now is more likely that adjusted earnings per share will be toward the low end of that range. So all in all we are managing well those factors. We control them near-term while focusing on doing whats right for the long-term. So to summarize, we are off to a solid start to the year, we are continuing to invest for our future growth, we are confident that successful execution of our global business plan strategies will drive sustainable growth and shareholder value for many years to come. That wraps up our prepared remarks. And well be happy to begin to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from Jason Gere with RBC.
Jason Gere  RBC: Hi, good morning.
Tom Falk: Good morning, Jason.
Jason Gere  RBC: Can you talk a little bit about some of the pricing that you have taken a consumer tissues that around the world can you talk about what pertains to domestic markets right now? And then just the bigger context I guess is you guys are still talking about volume growth 2% to 3% for the year and in the past taking pricing or desheeting the focus on revenue realization are actually led some more volume decline so I guess maybe talk in context about the consumer with some of the new initiatives coming out now, and when do you see that kind of playing growth? Thanks.
Tom Falk: On the tissue front, Id say broadly, everyone of our tissue business is both consumer and professional, are looking at different ways to improve revenue realizations. So whether its through changing promotional price points, whether its through list price changes in the KCP world, its contract price increases, so all of those levers are being looked at in each individual markets to determine how they get the best revenue realization. And so, list prices one option, but were looking at the full range of the pricing menu to decide whats the most effective way to hit a strategic price point and minimize the volume loss that you have in that kind of a scenario. And then on the volume going forward, Id say in the first quarter we have a lot of innovation loss, theres a lot more yet to come, much of it was launched late in the year, so things like Kleenex Hand Towels, really just started to be on shelf in March, U by Kotex shipped at the end of the quarter. And so Id feel like were just kind of getting started and so far early days, that seems pretty good and wed expect to see the momentum build-in on the volume front as we get into the year a little further.
Jason Gere  RBC: Okay. And then just talking about the emerging markets I think on your analyst day you were talking about exceeding the market growth 5% and I know there are some tough comps. I think they do continue as year progresses. So I was just wondering how should we look at that going forward, are you seeing acceleration of market share, improving category growth, market sentiment, etc., can you put some color around that?
Tom Falk: The volume growth in the first quarter of 5%, we say thats at least as far as the markets growing. So wed say we at least held share, maybe we even picked up a little bit of share in some markets, continuing to see pretty strong growth in China and Russia was a little slower this quarter as the competitive environment picked up a little bit, Latin America had another solid quarter for us, so markets like Brazil, the Indian region continue to do well. So Id say broadly China and Latin America were real strong points for us this quarter.
Jason Gere  RBC: Okay. And then last question and Ill jump off. Can you just talk about the consumer reactions to you by Kotex, obviously the selling was good. Whats going on in the competitive front as some of your competitors are looking to restage one of their brands? I was just wondering about the category, in particular, what youre seeing?
Tom Falk: Yes, I was in some stores a couple of weeks ago and the products looks great on shelf, and so, we are getting the distribution, that were looking for and so, a lot of the marketing support just now is getting turned on, I will tell you though walking down the aisle I think everyone else in the category was running a buy one, get one free to try to make sure that they hang on to their loyal consumer, so we dont expect that were going to walk in and just take huge chunks of share, but its great innovation, its great product and packaging and were going to do a fantastic job of marketing it. But again, this is a category thats get very loyal consumers and we know were going to have to earn every share point that we get here.
Jason Gere  RBC: Okay, great. Good luck, guys.
Tom Falk: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from William Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
Tom Falk: Hi, Bill.
William Schmitz  Deutsche Bank: Hi, guys, good morning. Couple of things. The first is, are you on allocation on diapers because weve heard some rumblings that super absorbent polymers are pretty much unavailable now.
Tom Falk: Were not on allocation. Super absorbent is tight. So we sent a letter to customers that have said super absorbent is tight, we expect to be able to support our business plan for the year, its really a acrylic acid, there is an explosion at an acrylic acid plant late last year and then unplanned outage at another supplier. So thats the base monomer that goes into the production of super absorbent. Its global and to be with us for most of the year. But at this point weve got what we need contract to be able to support our business plan for the year.
William Schmitz  Deutsche Bank: Have you quantified how much of the sort of softness in the U.S. Huggies businesses related to that, because I am imagining youve pulled the promotion because (inaudible) on the product so.
Tom Falk: No, really anything to do with super absorbent tissue in the first quarter. Weve more to do with timing of innovation and launches. We have more stuff that happened in the first quarter last year and we got more with the jeans diaper, other things rolling. In second quarter we got more activity coming. And also, lines up a little bit better with where we expect competitive activity to be occurring.
William Schmitz  Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. And then just on Venezuela, are you translating at the parallel rate or the official rate now?
Tom Falk: We are translating at the parallel rate now.
William Schmitz  Deutsche Bank: Okay. And that was an option right. You could have done it at the official rate. Why did you choose the parallel rate?
Tom Falk: I think we look at where we think were actually processing transactions and there hasnt been any exchange at the official rate for at least the quarter or two and so we think basically businesses being run at the parallel rate.
William Schmitz  Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. And then just one last if I could. How are you looking at sort of the difference between sort of working capital and maximizing capacity utilization because obviously the working capital a little bit worse than we thought this year? And I guess a lot of it had to do with kind of building up inventory to run the factory, so how does that going to play out as the year progresses?
Tom Falk: As we look versus our target for the year we are actually on track or even slightly ahead. Weve done a better job on payables as we progress through the quarter. Receivables are basically in control. And inventories are just a touch higher but some of that related to the some inventory builds for some innovation launches and so, at this point I would say were broadly on track for our working capital plans. I dont know Mark, if you want to give any additional color.
Mark Buthman: Id agree with that. Were off to a good start for the year on track for the balance.
William Schmitz  Deutsche Bank: Okay, thanks, guys
Tom Falk: Thanks, Bill.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Dibadj from Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein: Hey, guys.
Mark Buthman: Good morning, Ali.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein: I want to push a little bit on pricing broadly if I could. And kind of a strategic decision you are making it sounds like on really prioritizing price realization versus maybe more volume growth and potentially some share growth. And I guess I am trying to get a sense of how you are thinking about when price realization is being pushed too hard, kind of beyond that, kind of that efficiency frontier or some sort of marginal return, given the operational leverage you get by getting more volume to the system kind of the balancing act?
Mark Buthman: Ali, when you think about pricing, were starting with the consumer to see how they buy the category, how they shop the category, what they are shopping, roll price, package price, do they do the sheet count math and looking at that by category across the spectrum, and then assessing whats the right way to structure the category, to get the revenue that youre looking for. And clearly, in the case of Cottenelle, with our ability to build bulk with our technology we got more flexibility to do things with desheeting and generate revenue that way and still hold the strategic price points in the category. That doesnt mean that we wont take list but its one that you really start with the consumer to see how they shop the category.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein: So you say that shopping the category kind of across but I guess Im trying to get a sense as well in that context of where youre actually expecting deliver a lot of price realization because you mentioned consumer tissue a moment ago, you mentioned K-C Professional, but if you look at some of the U.S. consumer business suggest, you didnt have Huggies promo and volumes were down 5%, and you mentioned theres some innovation drag on the comparison to last quarter but it doesnt feel like you will be able to take pricing in Huggies. Consumer tissue remains under pressure. I dont know if youre going to be able to take pricing lift, particularly, or reduce promotions, you may be able to desheet. So it feels like its a lot of non-U.S. perhaps, non-consumer and a lot of desheeting which is where youre getting your pricing, I dont know if thats the right conclusion, but thats where Im ending up.
Tom Falk: Im not sure that youre in the wrong spot there. Id say certainly where you get strong shares, youre going to be more aggressive on price and can be more aggressive on price, markets like Mexico, for example, theyve done a great job of driving revenue realization, markets like Korea where get strong market shares across the board, you could be a little bit more aggressive on price. And so I think tissue be the area where you will see more price because thats where Im quite frankly, most of the costs impact is occurring. From a Personal Care standpoint, even though the inflation is higher, its not probably yet to the point that youd see industry wide price increases, youd see it probably happening more, were trimming up promotional activity in some markets, so Id say tissue is probably the place were going to look closest from a list price standpoint, really across both consumer and professional this year.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein: And so does this assume that competitors follow and maybe in that context some update on competitive environment would be helpful?
Tom Falk: Yes, Id say that you generally seen K-C Professional will be a good example. I think all of the major competitors in K-C Professional have led or followed price increases this year. And did the same thing last year. And so, its not clear who is leading, who is following, but its happening pretty broadly across the marketplace, there was a January price increase or February price increase, now there is one were going into effect in May in K-C Professional. So the markets been pretty overly about as secondary fibers gone up, youre seeing list price taken in the marketplace at the contract level, in addition to at the list level. And consumer tissue youre seeing some desheeting thats happened both on the premium brands and I think everybody is participated in that to pretty similar percentage extent. And theres recent news in the marketplace of list price increase by one of the competitors and thats obviously information that were analyzing and well decide what our responses in the near-term.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein: It doesnt sound like Personal Care as the hot priority?
Tom Falk: Yes, weve not seen a lot of Personal Care price increases at this point. And I think, again, most of the costs paid is focused on the tissue side of the equation.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein: Okay, thanks very much.
Tom Falk: Thanks, Ali
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Ferrara with Banc of America.
Chris Ferrara  Banc of America: Hey, guys, just wanted to ask about the 60 million in increase strategic marketing and I guess a lot of the media probably hasnt yet started that many of your innovations in, I guess if thats right, where is the incremental 60 million going, especially, since Huggies seems like it had a pull back, so could you give a little more detail on that?
Tom Falk: About a third of it is in the international markets, which is roughly what our percent of sales. So its being spent kind of proportionately there. And then in the U.S youd see more is being spent on personal care and part preparing for the U by Kotex as well as some of Depend employees activity. And tissue, we shifted the mix a little bit, a little bit more advertising and a little bit less couponing in the first quarter.
Chris Ferrara  Banc of America: So how does that play out as the year goes on, I mean, I guess the media end of it will probably pick up as your initiatives I guess as we get further into them and I guess do you think the run rate of how fast you are pushing strategic marketing relative to shelf, does that accelerate as we move further to these launches?
Tom Falk: If you compare the last year actually, our total media spend in the first quarter was pretty similar to what it was in the third and fourth quarters last year. So there was a step up that occurred thats continuing. So I think for the year we will still invest in strategic A&P at a faster rate than sales but probably the rate of increase will be a little slower as the year progresses.
Chris Ferrara  Banc of America: Okay, thats helpful. And I guess is the other one you guys cited higher selling research and admin to increase and support future growth in K-C International and I think you talked about the research and customer development and capabilities, can you give a little more detail there as far maybe what specific countries, regions, businesses, you guys are looking at where youre making specific growth investments?
Tom Falk: In China, certainly the one, where were adding sales capabilities, were going to more cities, so, Russia would be the same kind of a thing. Another impact on our SG&A would be I-Flow acquisition as well; we brought in heavier SG&A load which we knew that, very high gross margins, but a very high selling expense effort that caused some of the comparisons to be a little different as well.
Chris Ferrara  Banc of America: Thanks a lot.
Tom Falk: Thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman  UBS: Hi, its Gail Glazerman.
Tom Falk: Hi, Gail.
Gail Glazerman  UBS: Can you talk a little bit about what you are seeing in terms of consumer behavior over the past few quarters you talked about things about buying big multi packs the beginning in the month and then smaller packs in later month, are you seeing any sort of normalization or has that trend continued?
Tom Falk: We look at consumer surveys every month and Id say CEO mom is pretty stable at this point. She hasnt gotten a lot more confidence, but its not getting worse. So if you compare to the first quarter last year people were a lot more worried about their jobs, they are a lot more worried about losing their house, so that got sequentially better as the year progressed. But Id say its pretty stable at this point in time. So if you look at private label share, theres a proxy, for example, there. They are flat to down from where they had been in most categories sequentially, but they are still higher versus a year ago. So again, were not seeing further shifting but were seeing the consumer is still pretty cautious out there.
Gail Glazerman  UBS: Okay. How does it translate into outlook for the paper towel market, I guess thats been one area thats been hit pretty hard.
Tom Falk: Yes, towels are probably the category where were seeing the biggest shift in private label, I think private label shares are up about 3.5 points year-over-year, and so, thats one. Obviously, we got a focus on showing the value to the consumer and why buying a better paper towel will actually cause you to use less over time and so weve got some activity around that for both our Viva brand as well as our Scott towel brand.
Gail Glazerman  UBS: Okay. Can you talk a little bit about what your outlook is for birth rates? I guess you see maybe some changes given the recession and you see that playing out of the next few years?
Tom Falk: In the U.S. the birth rate has dipped a bit last year. Were seeing some early signs that maybe improving a bit. So were always happy to celebrate new babies with our Huggies team and we hope that thats a trend that continues.
Gail Glazerman  UBS: Okay. Looking at diapers the U by Kotex is looking at trying to kind of get in early and capture new users, is there anything that you could do or change in your behavior on marketing Huggies that that might help you get in earlier with some of the new mom?
Tom Falk: Actually, its a great point. Were spending a lot more time and attention focusing on capturing mom, prenatally and really strengthening our new born program so we can capture that consumer right at the start and then hold her all the way through her child raising experience. So were doing a lot more work around the world that the point of market entry with Huggies to make sure we got a very good new born products that weve got good marketing programs and were able to get access to mom so that the nursery is stocked with Huggies right from the start.
Gail Glazerman  UBS: Okay and just one last question. Anything you can say about P&G's diaper roll-out and how much they might have played in the Huggies volumes in the quarter?
Tom Falk: They really get to start to shipping that until late in the quarter so I dont know it had much of an impact. The impact was probably more promotional timing year-over-year and wed expect that to normalize as the year progresses.
Gail Glazerman  UBS: Okay. (inaudible) in the second quarter?
Tom Falk: Pretty early days yet, so Im confident Procter will execute it well and well spend aggressively, we got a very good innovation plan out there as well, we feel good about our relative product performance. And I think the good news for moms is that youll have both major brands driving lots of innovation and that will make it tougher on the private label guys.
Gail Glazerman  UBS: Okay and I guess this is more of a question for them and you but the new product is much more depend non-SAPs and then Huggies at this point, correct?
Tom Falk: My guess is that it would be but youre probably right that they would know more about what their suppliers are telling them than I would so.
Gail Glazerman  UBS: Okay, thank you very much.
Tom Falk: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wendy Nicholson with Citi Investment Research.
Wendy Nicholson  Citi Investment Research: Hi.
Tom Falk: Hi, Wendy.
Wendy Nicholson  Citi Investment Research: My first question has to do with the quarterly flow of earnings this year. I guess I am a little worried that the second quarter could be particularly light given that you did a bunch of the pipeline sale in the first quarter on Kotex launch and I assume some of the pricings that you are doing isnt going show up until a little bit later in the year. So is it right to think that the second quarter both from a top and bottom line perspective its probably going to be the weakest of the year?
Tom Falk: Were not going to give quarterly guidance; were really just going to give annual guidance for that. I think youre focusing on the right factors. So Id say that youre directionally headed in the right place.
Wendy Nicholson  Citi Investment Research: Okay, got it, thanks.
Mark Buthman: Wendy, this is Paul. The one thing Id add there is remember we did have a $0.05 hit on the tax rate in the first quarter, we wouldnt expect that to continue.
Wendy Nicholson  Citi Investment Research: Good point. Totally fair. Thats fine. That my second question has to do, looking at the tissue business, we talked a lot about this, but I guess the good news is the tissue business as a percentage of your operating profits has gone down a lot over the last few years and just by virtue of the fact that less of an emerging market business than personal care and you got all this good stuff on an health care I guess just by very nature of that will continue to decline as a percentage of your operating profits. But given just how tough that category is and seems to be increasingly difficult from an innovation perspective and private label seems to sort of structurally changed its position in the U.S., I know you made the decision in the U.S. to sort of exit the lower end segment of paper towel a while back but would you think about doing anything bigger when it comes to the tissue business, i.e. looks like P&G made a good decision in getting out of western Europe. Do you think about that as a ghost tissue which just an increasingly difficult business to add value to and make money in, is that going too far or being too hopeful maybe?
Paul Alexander: Id say in the near-term our challenge is to make sure our tissue business earns the cost of capital and that were driving innovation, that enhances the gross margins in that segment versus where were at today. Id say broadly, were doing that, were shifting the mix of tissue to higher margins options. But it is a challenging category particularly with pulp at a $1,000 a ton, but its also one that there is a core for a lot of our business in other markets. So as we go into a customer in Brazil, the fact that we got a strong tissue business and a strong personal care business helps us in a lot of other ways from an efficiency standpoint. So at this point were comfortable with consumer tissue in the portfolio and were focused on how do we get even more value out of it than were getting today.
Wendy Nicholson  Citi Investment Research: But is it fair to say even the newer markets like China, correct me if Im wrong, but China is basically exclusively a diaper and a fem care market that tissue is not something that you're going to promote there and thats not as much of a priority for the truly emerging markets?
Tom Falk: Thats fair. If you look at tissue has got more of a local competitive structure where you got local players in them, China is a player like APP and Hang On [ph] that really are already there and have got strong positions, and so, were actually there with a profitable facial tissue business that actually provides some cash and margin to help fund growth in our personal care businesses. So it is playing a role in many of the markets where were there to provide cash and margin to support growth in some of our other categories.
Wendy Nicholson  Citi Investment Research: Got it, fair enough. Thank you very much.
Tom Falk: Thanks, Wendy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Tom Falk: Good morning, Alice.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Hi, good morning. One of my questions is a follow-up to Wendys about the different quarters of the year and again I know you dont give quarterly guidance much. Wouldn't the raw material cost pressure be worse in the second half than the first half including the second quarter?
Tom Falk: We are expecting pulp to peak in the second quarter and ease a little bit into the balance of the year. So I think thats probably the biggest driver of the cost sequencing.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: And thats true even for what you pay as opposed to what the spot prices are?
Tom Falk: Thats correct.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Okay. So the costs are worse for the year in the second quarter? Okay. And then on volume expectations for the year are you still holding to 2% to 3%?
Tom Falk: Yes, I think thats a very reasonable expectation. Were seeing the uptick in K-C International in the 5% range in the quarter. Wed expect K-C Professional to get a little better as the economy improves a bit in later in the year. Health Care continues to be doing well. And obviously, diaper volumes were a little light in the first quarter. Wed expect that to turn around later in the year. So I think theres a lot of factors that wed see that would say achieving the 2% to 3% volume growth for the full year is a reasonable objective for us.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Okay. So in health care, you dont see any fall off in volume in the tough comp with concerns about swine flu left?
Tom Falk: Id say we had some good volume growth last year from H1N1 that likely is not going to repeat but we are also seeing very solid growth in our medical devices business and we would expect that to continue. So certainly, wont be probably as strong as the first quarter but I think some of the other positives will help offset that.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Okay. And the Huggies down 5% here and 4% in Europe, so your idea is those numbers will look better for the year just like what Procter is doing?
Tom Falk: Yes.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Okay. And the same for North American tissue down 6%, do you think that number will look better for the year?
Tom Falk: Yes, clearly, we had a bigger impact of desheeting in the first quarter. And so, some of that with the comparison will be with us for a year, but we have also got some innovation, launching and wed expect to see some of those things kick in and help volumes improve a bit as the year progresses.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Okay. And then my last question on K-C International where your volume overall was up 5%, what was your price mix for international overall in a quarter?
Tom Falk: Paul, you got that ?
Paul Alexander: The price was up about 1% and mix was flat.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: For international?
Paul Alexander: Yep.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Okay, thanks.
Tom Falk: Thanks, Alice.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Sawyer with Goldman Sachs.
Andrew Sawyer  Goldman Sachs: Hey, guys. I was wondering, Tom, you alluded to evaluating the mid-single-digit price increase that Georgia Pacific flowed out there midyear. Is the evaluation process geared more around getting more visibility around what pulp were doing in the second half or is that relate to what private label or Procter & Gamble does from a pricing perspective or how do you guys thinking about the various factors in evaluating that?
Tom Falk: First of all, try to give clarity as to whats actually happening almost by code level and whats going to happen to promoted price points in the category. And so part of that is really understanding whats going on in the marketplace and then develop thing from that, whats our strategy going to be, what do we have coming from innovation standpoint, what strategic price points do we look at from our consumer research and then taking all those factors and deciding whats the right course of action to take it.
Andrew Sawyer  Goldman Sachs: And then on the pulp side, you guys were expecting a retreat across the second half of the year. Whats the kind of thinking in terms of where could be year end and heading into 2011?
Tom Falk: Our forecast is ending the year around $900 a ton, it peaks at a little lower 1,000 in the second quarter. Obviously, when pulp moves it often doesnt move in small amounts, so there is a lots of reasons to believe if more capacity comes online and Chinese buying slows down and it could go down faster than that, but at this point, we take the outside forecast and look at three or four different external views of the pulp market and basically more or less average those in our thinking and try not to outsmart the market.
Andrew Sawyer  Goldman Sachs: Okay. that makes sense. And then just switching gears on the rest of world growth rates, kind of being in the mid single-digit organically, a bit of a slowdown from the double-digit I know you talk about China and certainly being stronger where their markets where things are bit weaker or is there something going on in Korea or Australia that impacted that number?
Tom Falk: I think the encouraging thing is that theres a lot more volume and a lot less price. So I think thats the big shift thats been that we spent last year really driving a lot of price in those markets and seeing 5% volume growth I think is a pretty healthy sign. The one hot spot we said was probably Russia was a little softer than wed seen, but there are some reasons for that and so were focused on getting those on track, but overall, I was pretty happy with the volume performance in the first quarter.
Andrew Sawyer  Goldman Sachs: Its a more function just having relatively low in price elasticities?
Tom Falk: Yes.
Andrew Sawyer  Goldman Sachs: Well, thanks a lot for time, guys.
Tom Falk: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Linda Bolton Weiser with Caris & Co.
Linda Bolton Weiser  Caris & Co.: Hi, I was wondering if you could comment on the mix element in personal care and tissue. Personal care, its been negative slightly negative mix for about three quarters now and had been running pretty positive, is that just a high growth of international? And then also why would tissue have actually a little bit better mix performance than personal care?
Tom Falk: In some cases the mix can be shift to larger format packs, So as you see the shift to the math and club youre going to see a mix drag which would be probably what youre seeing showing up in the personal care numbers. And the tissue mix, its really more, were continuing to focus on driving some of our premium price variance but I think I dont know Paul if you got any more color on that?
Paul Alexander: No, thats right, especially in international, Linda, which I think is what youre getting, and mix was up about 1% and tissue in the first quarter. I think if you look over the long-term its generally been running at least at a point positive, maybe even two points positive, so thats the strategy.
Tom Falk: In markets like Latin America weve been trying to shift from one ply to two ply where you can charge a much higher premium and so you are seeing that drive a lot of our margin improvement in tissue international markets.
Linda Bolton Weiser  Caris & Co.: Great, thats helpful. And then just on the desheeting, clearly, I mean the consumer isnt fooled by this desheeting because your volume still gets pretty impacted when you do it. So why do you do it, because its more costly to desheet and to just take list price increases?
Tom Falk: Truly try to understand how the consumer buys the category. And actually consumers they do focus more on absolute cash outlay and less on price per sheet in many categories. And they are also buying on perception of volume as to how is the real field and how big is it. And so I think thats the way the categories run for many, many years and its really no different today.
Linda Bolton Weiser  Caris & Co.: Okay. And then just on the corporate expense I guess excluding the Venezuela charge it was down about I dont know 20 million, 30 million year-over-year, is that due to the lower pension expense or is there something else in there?
Paul Alexander: No thats just general corporate items that happen to be lower than last year. Actually, we ran fairly heavy last year in corporate expense, but its not the pension piece.
Linda Bolton Weiser  Caris & Co.: Where would the pension piece show up?
Paul Alexander: Pension during the segments.
Linda Bolton Weiser  Caris & Co.: Okay, thanks very much.
Mark Buthman: 70% cost of sales 30% G&A, Paul.
Linda Bolton Weiser  Caris & Co.: Okay, thanks a lot.
Tom Falk: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Karen Lamark with Federated Investors.
Karen Lamark  Federated Investors: Hi, I want to go back to strategic marketing and I think you said in response to Chris that you had shifted the marketing mix in the quarter, a little bit more advertising and less couponing. And just to start with why did you do that is there any way to sort of quantify the relative benefit of each?
Tom Falk: Yes, that was in the consumer tissue category, North America, there was more of a shift from couponing to two other advertising type vehicles. And each of our brand teams follows with, they would call integrated marketing approach, so they have a brand idea then they try to decide what the best way to communicate that to the consumer and is it through sampling, is it through television advertising, is it through internet-based activity. And so they really kind of start out media agnostic and then look to see which are those channels going to drive the idea the fastest and so. You are seeing based on what they are trying to do. There might be more shifts in the future as they continue to drive that. And so I think in this quarter they were seeing more responsiveness in some of the advertising and sampling activity they were doing, and a little bit less to couponing and so they shifted the mix to that direction.
Karen Lamark  Federated Investors: Is it fair to say then that youre flexible as we go through the rest of the year in the marketing mix, especially, in the consumer businesses in light of your expectations for still the continued volume increase, but heightened price action?
Tom Falk: Yes, we also think you shouldnt expect them to see them using coupons to drive short-term volume pops, I mean, they are really trying to build strategic relationships with the consumers, you drop a coupon, its going to be to get trial and some innovation and thats what you are trying to build your franchise over time.
Karen Lamark  Federated Investors: Okay, thank you.
Tom Falk: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Faucher with JP Morgan.
John Faucher  JP Morgan: Yes, good morning. Quick question, so you are talking a lot about theres obviously been a lot of discussion on the call about pricing and a little bit about mix would have you and sort of sequentially youre taking up the price mix forecast I get that. And I understand your confidence in a volume rebound but I guess why no change in sort of the outlook from a volume standpoint given the elasticities that youve seen over the past couple of years. So I guess the question, what is sequential improvement and price mix with no change in the volume, why not be a little more cautious on the volume outlook?
Tom Falk: Yes, I think that we will see how it plays out, I mean overall we think these are relatively modest shifts so I think the consumers already kind of taken the economic adjustment into effect and were seeing that consumer confidence relatively stable. So I think given the range of price change that were talking about were not going to see big further shifts in category consumption rate and the fact that its happening broadly across most of the competitors in an industry, we dont see a huge risk from a volume standpoint at this stage.
John Faucher  JP Morgan: Okay, so its basically just the order of magnitude of the changes on the price mix side?
Tom Falk: Yes.
Tom Falk: Is what you are saying?
John Faucher  JP Morgan: Okay, thank you.
Tom Falk: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays
Lauren Lieberman  Barclays: Thanks. First I wanted to know is on Venezuela, there is going to be any further inventory charge in the second quarter or if we saw at all this quarter?
Tom Falk: Well, the way that works, Lauren, is that basically you mark your monetary assets to market at a parallel rate every month. So if there is further slings in the parallel rate there will be further charges that will flow through other income and expenses, as you re-measure your local currency cash, your local currency receivables and your local currency payables, net of that whatever the parallel rate is every month. So I think by far weve taken the big hit as you saw the parallel rate go from 2 to 6 in the first quarter and so we will just have to watch and see what happens, we will be transparent with you on what that impact is.
Lauren Lieberman  Barclays: Sorry, I mean specifically on the inventory, so non-monetary asset rate because this quarter there was a piece of flowing through inventory which is at a different value, where you cant revalue the inventory, what I am trying to ask is if you have now works through the existing inventory in Venezuela that was their treaty valuation or not?
Tom Falk: Yes, we took a lower cost for market charge on the inventory in the first quarter and again, I think that we have got that at the right level and we shouldnt see a big change going forward.
Paul Alexander: You said, maybe the way to think about it, Lauren, is were going to manage the business at the parallel rate and inventories is a part of that.
Lauren Lieberman  Barclays: Okay. Another question on sheet count reductions. So I was wondering I know the sheet count reduction shows up in the way you report numbers both as a reduction to volume and an increase in price mix. Does it tend to be sort of one for one, so if it was minus one on volume, its plus one on price, its sort of net neutral?
Tom Falk: Yes, I mean in theory, yes.
Paul Alexander: I think, yes, I would say, Lauren, for a while thats probably a reasonable way to think about it and then eventually the consumer is at the end of the day buying sheets, but it takes a while for that to work through.
Lauren Lieberman  Barclays: And then the final thing which is I know there has been a number of questions already about sort of the outlook for volume, but wondering thing really specifically it didnt have is it, in emerging markets I guess that there has been a bit of a shift between price back to volume, but the personal care numbers, there was a significant deceleration in organic growth, some sort of high teen to high single digit or mid to high single digit, and in healthcare while yes, 80% very strong, four points of it was still H1N1, so you got tougher comps coming up in healthcare even with the strength in medical devices continuing. If feels like in both of those businesses which were point of strength this quarter you need to be assuming a pretty significant acceleration in those businesses for them to continue to matter enough or is it a matter of they kind of slow from here and then its the innovation everywhere else picks up and that sort of takes over?
Tom Falk: I think its a latter case; were just getting to start with a lot of innovation and expect that to continue to flow through. Obviously, I still think personal care had a solid volume quarter broadly and even with relatively weak type of volumes in the US and Europe as that turns around. I think you see that continuing healthcare again had a great start to the year, we got a lot of good activity going, we are picking up additional business in that marketplace. And yes, the comps will get tougher, but I feel like our momentum is pretty good in that space. And then KCP actually had a weaker volume start and then you think its because last years first quarter was so weak but wed expect that to pick up as the year progresses assuming the economy comes back a bit.
Lauren Lieberman  Barclays: And the final thing was just and this maybe a better conversation for another forum, but (inaudible) Wendy talk a sort of your long-term strategic view of the tissue business, but I mean should we start thinking about this from an organic growth standpoint thinking about it these volume rise kind of being a minus two to plus two business over time ideally with stable margins once they kind of a cover to whatever as you think the realistic run rate is?
Tom Falk: Yes, I think seeing tissue is a more sale part of the portfolio thats probably not, the categories are more fully penetrated so you are going to see probably 0% to 2% category growth in most of the major markets and that consistently generates cash and earns the cost of capital is a good role to think about for that business.
Lauren Lieberman  Barclays: And then just on margins, do you think this business ends up being or can be a mid teen margin again or its sort of a 12, 13 more of a realistic long-term?
Tom Falk: I think mid teens long-term is certainly our aspiration. So obviously with a $1,000 ton pulp is going to be a challenge to get there this year, but we feel like thats the right direction for us to head.
Lauren Lieberman  Barclays: Okay, great, thank you.
Tom Falk: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Connie Maneaty with BMO.
Connie Maneaty  BMO: Good morning. If we assume that add back stay where it is and plugging your assumptions for pulp, how should we view the gross margin going forward? I would like you to address not only the cost pressure as you see it, but also the impact on translation and transaction which are so hard to figure from the outside on the margin and should we expect the gross margin to be up or down for the next three quarters?
Tom Falk: As we have said ,our goal for the year, if you look back our global business plan is to see operating margins improve by 20 basis points to 40 basis points a year and gross margin to improve more than that to allow us to invest in strategic advertising and promotion. So obviously in the Q1 we are well ahead of that, being up a couple of hundred basis points in both those areas. So I would guess that the rate of margin improvement in the last three quarters will not be as great as it was in the Q1 and also our comparisons are going to get tougher as we saw margin improvement later in the years. So I think again our goal would be to continue to execute the plan and see some growth and operating margin improvement this year and that would allow us to invest in strategic A&P at a faster rate in sales.
Connie Maneaty  BMO: Even with the change in pulp, you think the gross margin; expansion will be higher than operating margins?
Tom Falk: Thats our plan.
Connie Maneaty  BMO: Thats the plan? Okay. Also with the increase in media cost, are you locked in for what you need for this year or as costs go up will your expense still be within budgeted cost go up this year?
Tom Falk: One thing we are really focusing on Tony Palmer and his team had a done great job of identifying cost cutting opportunities in that line of our P&L, just as we have in other line. So we have actually gotten quite a bit of efficiency out of our media buying that is offsetting the media inflation and giving us some real additional exposure and additional value there. So up to this point we are still seeing some leverage from that area that were taking advantage of.
Paul Alexander: I would say just to add more and more of our marketing mix is focused on sort of non-traditional network advertising so a bigger and bigger piece of our marketing mix is going to the internet. For example, if you think about the U by Kotex launch, its a great way to connect with the consumers. So were a little less influenced by media buying rates maybe than we would have been a few years ago.
Connie Maneaty  BMO: Okay, thank you very much.
Tom Falk: Thanks, Connie.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Ferrara with Banc of America
Chris Ferrara  Banc of America: Hi, thanks for taking a follow up. Just back to Huggies, I know obviously we saw a 5% pull back and a decline in spending, I know the jeans type are coming out, but it sounds like you are saying theres more come out of back half and I know at Analyst Day and last quarter you were expressing, you were pretty comfortable with your plans, but Huggies this year, is there a bigger innovation than what weve seen right now coming in that business into back half of the year?
Tom Falk: Yes, we expect to see additional products improvement across both our premium and mainline Huggies variance. So jeans diaper is really a nice innovation, that its going to be fun and moms will enjoy it, but expect to see some meaningful product improvement in both the mainline and premium variance.
Chris Ferrara  Banc of America: But I guess what you just said about the fact that as you would normally expect in a normal year, does that mean that its no different than what we would expect in a normal year or am I misreading that comment?
Tom Falk: Well, I mean if you look back over time were making the diaper better every year and so weve got some exciting things coming and diapers really around the world. And we feel good about the product line that weve got relative to whats happening in the competitive environment.
Chris Ferrara  Banc of America: Got it, thanks.
Tom Falk: Thanks.
Operator: At this time we have no further questions
Paul Alexander: All right, thanks David. We will turn it back to Tom for a quick closing comment
Tom Falk: Well, once again, weve had a solid start to the year and look forward to continue to execute our global business plan and doing the right things to create long-term shareholder value. Thank you again for your support of Kimberly-Clark
Paul Alexander: Thank you.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Falk - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Mark Buthman - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Mike Asbell - Vice President & Controller Paul Alexander - Head of Investor Relations
Analysts: Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Chris Ferrara - Banc of America Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse Gail Glazerman - UBS John Faucher - JP Morgan Lee Furst - Dudack Research Group Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets Linda Bolton Weiser - Caris & Co.
Operator: (Technical Difficulty) Please be aware that each of your lines is a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of the presentation, the floor will be open for your questions. At that time instructions will be given and as to the procedure to follow if youd like to ask a question. I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Paul Alexander. Mr. Alexander, you may begin, sir.
Paul Alexander: Thanks, David and good morning everyone. Welcome to our year end earnings conference call. With us today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO, Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO, and Mike Asbell, Vice President and Controller. Now here is the agenda for the call. Mark will begin with a review of our fourth quarter results. Tom will follow with his perspective on the results, and then discuss our 2010 outlook. Well finish as usual with Q-and-A. For those following along on the website, we have a presentation of todays materials in the Investor section, which is www.kimberly-clark.com. Before we begin, let me remind you that well be making forward-looking statements during the call. There can be no assurance that future events will occur as anticipated, or that the companys results will be as estimated. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of factors that could cause our future results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Id also like to point out that when discussing 2009 results, we will be comparing to adjusted results in 2008, which excluded charges for the strategic cost reduction plan we completed in 2008, and an extraordinary loss. Finally, we will also be referring to adjusted results when discussing our 2010 outlook, which excludes an anticipated loss for the re-measurement of the local currency balance sheet in Venezuela as a result of the recent currency devaluation and moved to hyper inflationary accounting. Management believes that reporting in this manner enables investors to better understand and analyze our ongoing results of operations. For additional information on these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP, please see todays news release and additional information on our website. Now, Ill turn it over to Mark.
Mark Buthman: Thanks, Paul and good morning. I hope you had a chance to review our news release with all of the details of the results. Im going to briefly review the quarter and Id like to start with a few headlines. First, organic sales growth was nearly 3%, including continued double digit growth for both our international business in Asia, Latin America, the Middle East, Eastern Europe and Africa, and for our global healthcare business. Second, earnings per share increased 16% driven by improved margins, and third, cash provided by operations was up 48% to $1 billion. Now, lets cover the details of the quarter starting with top line. Overall, sales increased more than 8% to $5 billion including a five point benefit from currency and one point of growth from acquisitions. Organic growth of nearly 3% was driven by higher net selling prices of about 2% and an approximate two point improvement in sales volumes. Meanwhile, product mix lowered sales by 1%. Now, let me turn to the top line for each of our segments and I may not focus most of my comments on organic sales, setting aside the impact of currency and acquisitions, which you can see in our news release. By the way, when I refer to K-C International, Im referring to our businesses in Asia, Latin America, the Middle East, Eastern Europe, and Africa, which we previously called our developing and emerging markets business. In Personal Care, organic sales increased approximately 6%. Sales volumes were up 5% with improved performance in all regions, as selling prices contributed an additional two points of growth, while product mix was off 1%. In North America, organic sales were even with the prior year as higher volumes of 3% were offset by lower net selling prices due to increased promotional activity. Huggies diapers delivered 6% volume growth and improved market shares by one point compared to a soft year ago performance. Elsewhere, feminine care volumes were up 11% and adult care volumes grew 10%, including benefits from innovation on Depend Underwear. In Europe, personal care organic sales increased nearly 3%. Sales volumes were up about 4% with improved performance in Huggies diapers in Poland and our core markets in Western Europe. Overall product mix was off about a point. For K-C International, Personal Care organic sales rose about 15%. Net selling prices increased 9% and sales volumes were up 7%. We delivered double digit organic sales growth in a number of markets including Brazil, China, Russia, and Latin America overall. Turning to consumer tissue, organic sales were down 3%, as sales volumes fell 2% and net selling prices were down approximately one point. In North America, organic sales were down about 6%. Net selling prices fell 3% reflecting an increase in competitive promotional activity, while sales volumes and product mix each lowered sales by more than one point. Kleenex facial tissue volumes were up 7%. However, paper towel volumes were down double digits and continue to be impacted by consumer trade down.  Switching to Europe, consumer tissue organic sales fell about 5% driven by a four point decline in net selling prices and slightly lower sales volumes. For K-C International, consumer tissue organic sales increased more than 2%. Our strategies to improve net realized revenue generated higher net selling prices of 6% and favorable product mix of 1%. Meanwhile volumes were down about 4%. Moving to K-C Professional and other, organic sales were up about 3%. Higher net selling prices mostly in North America, and North Asia, and Latin America generated nearly seven points of growth. However, organic sales volumes were down about 3% and continued to reflect high unemployment levels and the weak economic environment particularly in North America and Europe. Organic volumes in these geographies were off at a mid single digit rate. Lastly, Health Care organic sales were up 13%, all of which was driven principally by improvements in sales volumes. The I-Flow acquisition, which closed in late November, added another six points of growth in the quarter. Health Care organic volumes were up in several product categories including double digit growth in exam gloves for the 7 consecutive quarter and strong results in our apparel business. In addition, approximately six points of volume growth in the quarter came from increased global demand for face masks as a result of the H1N1 flu virus. Now, moving to operating profit, margin, and cost savings; gross margins improved nicely from 31.9% a year ago to 33.4% as we benefited from price realization, cost savings, and lower input costs of about $145 million, as the fifth consecutive quarter of year-on-year gross margin improvement. Fourth quarter operating profit rose 14% with an operating margin of 14.4%. Results included increased pension expense of approximately $30 million, higher selling and administrative expenses and some net benefit in other income and expense. Meanwhile, we continued to invest behind our brands with strategic marketing up about $45 million in local currency turns in the quarter.  Now, turning to cost savings; we had another strong quarter with total savings of $52 million that brings our full year total cost savings to about $240 million, well ahead of our original target for the year of about $150 million. We also realized benefits from our organization optimization initiative, as severance and related costs of $6 million were more than offset by savings of about $30 million. Now, looking briefly at fourth quarter segment operating margins; margins improved year on year in Personal Care, KCP, and Health Care. Input cost declines benefited all three segments, while higher selling prices also boosted profitability in Personal Care and KCP. Consumer tissue margins were below prior year as a result of investments in strategic marketing, competitive promotional activity in North America and some softness in K-C International.  Now, moving to cash flow; we had another excellent performance this quarter. Cash provided by operations increased 48% to just over $1 billion driven by higher cash earnings and further reductions in working capital, partially offset by increased pension plan contributions. We improved our working capital cash conversion cycle by six days compared to the third quarter. That included benefits from payables, and a two day reduction in inventories. Contributions to our defined benefit pension plans in the fourth quarter totaled $127 million including $100 million contribution in the U.S. that was incremental to our previous plan. During the quarter, we decided to make an additional contribution as a result of our strong cash flow. For the full year, we generated all-time record cash from operations of approximately $3.5 million, thats up 38% or roughly $1 billion compared to 2008s level. Thats a terrific accomplishment by our global organization driven by significant working capital improvements. That wraps up the financial review, so to recap the quarter. We achieved organic sales growth of nearly 3%. We delivered double digit bottom line growth, fueled by healthy gross margin expansion and cash flow performance was outstanding. Now, Ill turn it over to Tom.
Tom Falk: Thanks, Mark and good morning everyone. Since you just heard from Mark about the fourth quarter, Ill give you my perspective on our results for the full year and then Ill review our outlook for 2010. In short, we delivered solid results in 2009 in a very challenging economic environment, and we maintained our focus on doing whats right to generate sustainable long term growth and thats our plan for 2010 as well. So let me start and recap 2009, our overall performance was strong. On the top line, organic sales were up about 3%, and that was driven by higher net selling prices of approximately 4%. Thats a pretty solid achievement particularly considering that we faced the worst economic environment any of us have seen in more than 70 years. On the bottom line, earnings of $4.52 per share were up 9%, compared to adjusted results in 2008. Thats at the high end of our long term global business plan target, and we significantly exceeded our original 2009 plan for earnings of $4 to $4.20 per share. We made excellent progress on the four priorities that we established at the beginning of the year. Those priorities were to improve margins, pursue our targeted growth initiatives, strengthen our brands and maximize cash flow. On the margin front, we increased gross margin by 320 basis points and our operating margin by 140 basis points. Our focus on price realization and cost reduction was essential to delivering these improvements, and while our revenue realization strategies impacted our sales volumes in some cases, that was a short term tradeoff were willing to make to get our profitability moving in the right direction. At the same time, we took additional steps forward with our targeted growth initiatives. Overall, our K-C International business grew organic sales by 11% with very strong performances in the high potential markets of China, Russia, and Latin America. We also invested more than $750 million on acquisitions that will further enable our growth initiatives, particularly in higher margin, higher growth opportunities in K-C Professional and Healthcare. In addition, we continued to strengthen our brands with innovation such as Huggies pure and natural, gender specific Depend products, Scott naturals, Lavender Night Trial exam gloves and a number of K-C Professional safety products. We supported our brands with a significant increase in strategic marketing, and that was up about $140 million in local currency terms. Finally, in terms of cash flow, we had record setting performance as Mark mentioned. Our cash generation has allowed us to fund our growth initiatives and improve our balance sheet, while providing additional flexibility as we move into 2010. So all in all, we executed our business plans very well and we made great progress against our key priorities for the year. Im very proud of what Kimberly-Clarks worldwide team accomplished this past year and our performance gives me confidence that, well continue to execute our global business plan well in the coming year. So, now lets turn to our outlook for 2010. In terms of the environment, were planning for a slow and modest economic recovery overall in 2010, so we expect our organic sales volumes to be up two to 3% in 2010 after being down about 1% in 2009, and our volume growth should be led by our K-C International business as we further expand our presence in these faster growing geographies. Just as we did this past year, in 2010, well strengthen our brands and pursue targeted growth initiatives and reinvest back into our business for our future growth. So we have a healthy pipeline of innovation coming to market in 2010, and there are a number of those launches that will start in the first half of the year. We will support our brands and our growth initiatives around the world with strategic marketing spending, that is planned to rise faster than sales and well invest more to improve our research and customer development capabilities. Well continue to focus on reducing our costs and generating strong cash flow. That should help us overcome the expected significant input cost inflation, which we currently estimate to be about $300 million to $400 million, and enable our strong reinvestment plans. So all in all, we expect adjusted earnings per share in 2010 will be in the range of $4.80 to $5 per share. Thats up 6% to 11%, compared to 2009 earnings per share and thats in line with or slightly above our long range target. Well also deploy our cash and shareholder friendly ways. We would expect a high single digit to low double digit increase in our dividend and that will help us maintain our top tier pay out. Moreover, were resuming our share repurchase plan and well be entering the market right away in the first quarter. More details about our 2010 planning assumptions are included in this mornings news release and our presentation slides. Finally, we recently completed a review of our global business plan and weve got further sharpening of our strategies and plans to facilitate the delivery of our existing top and bottom line growth objectives through 2015. Our annual growth targets remain 3% to 5% for net sales and mid to high single digits for earnings per share. Well continue to pursue targeted growth initiatives and further develop the key capabilities that we need for sustaining our growth. At the same time, financial and cost discipline will be important parts of the plan. Well share more details around our GBP 2015, at our upcoming Investor Day on March 22.  So to summarize, we delivered excellent results in 2009 and we expect another solid year in 2010. We continue to invest for our long term success and were building a leaner, stronger, and faster company and we are confident that we have the right strategies to drive sustainable growth and shareholder value for many years to come. That wraps up our prepared remarks. Now, wed be happy to begin to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Wanted to just understand a little bit more about the consumer tissue margins. It looks like a lot of that has been driven by marketing spend increases and Id love to understand a little bit of the ROI on that spend or does it kind of just not matter, you have to spend it anyway because of the competitive atmosphere out there to defend your share? 
Tom Falk: Theres a couple things going on in the quarter, Ali. So theres some increases in trade funding some of that is getting your price point matching up with the competition, so that your competitive on promotion and that youve got the right velocity to earn those promotional slots and that was part of it. We also stepped up our marketing investment behind Kleenex and so obviously were in the heart of cold and flu season. We saw 7% volume improvement on Kleenex in the quarter and obviously wed expect to see that continue as we go into the first half of the year. Weve got some innovation coming on Kleenex as well. So those were two factors, and the international markets you probably also saw a bit more down time in the quarter as they were a little later in the process of getting their inventory down to target levels. So particularly in places like Australia, where weve got some decent size tissue businesses you saw a bit more down time in the quarter. 
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: I guess to drill down on one of those aspects you mentioned both internal promotions that hit COGS obviously, but above the line as well. It feels like you have a little bit of conundrum going forward in that commodities are increasing and you said it yourself obviously and youre budgeting for it, but you arent taking pricing. So I guess in some sense youre seeing two curves cross, you arent going to be able to offset is one. Two is, if you dont take pricing up, you get hit by commodities. If you dont take pricing down, it feels like this private label and some more like other competitors as well. The increased intensity will hurt volumes. So how do you think about that? Why isnt there more, I guess negative pricing going forward in terms of expectations? 
Tom Falk: I think if you look at 2010 for tissue, holding margins and consumer tissue would be a really good performance in the environment theyre going to be in. So well have to do some things around innovation to drive mix and some of the marketing spend will help on that front and weve got a very aggressive cost savings program for tissue around the world to be focused on that. I think your point is right on. Its going to be a challenging environment for tissue in 2010 with commodity costs up, its a difficult pricing environment and were going to have to be aggressive on cost and drive mix to be able to hold margin going into that environment.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Can you give us a little bit more color on the competition out there both branded and private label in terms of pricing in particular or promotions? 
Tom Falk: If you go back to the last price increases that were taken in late 2008, those really havent been fully implemented. In many cases, theyve been partially spent back or in some categories even significantly spent back. So I think until you get those prices that are in effect and promotion prices starting to move up a bit, youre probably going to see a difficult time, at least in the U.S. market and list price, we may get some pricing in some other international markets, where the dynamics are different, but I think in the U.S. market, it will be a challenging price environment. You may see de-sheeting that happens where youve got innovation that would drive that so youll get price in that form, but I dont think youll see list price to a great extent.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: I guess it feels like theres some sort of asymmetry in terms of people are giving back the pricing particularly branded players and not getting back the volume that one would have anticipated. Is that a fair take in the economic situation out there?
Tom Falk: Well Id say the categories have been a little soft in some cases, facial tissue has been soft. Its a bit more discretionary, paper towels would be the same. The category has generally shifted more to private label than some of the others. So yes, the bath tissue category dynamics have been pretty stable, but youve seen more of a mix shift to the lower price tier. So our Scott tissue business had a fantastic year. Our Cottonelle business had more of a challenge, so I think youre seeing that trade down in tissue probably more than in Personal Care.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alice Longley - Buckingham Research.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: I am having some issues or confusion about guidance as well. Youve got organic volume growing 2% to 3%. What do you think will happen with pricing overall? I understand maybe down in the U.S. up offshore and mix. Are those both neutral maybe as a good starting point?
Tom Falk: We would basically say price and mix are calling to be pretty flat versus 2009.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Then weve got raw material costs going up and weve got marketing going up. So what do you think will happen with operating margins in 2010?
Tom Falk: Wed say, operating margins will be up probably 20 to 30 basis points, in that framework where youd see cost savings and the benefit of the volume growth should help our margin and offset the impact of the higher commodity cost and higher marketing cost.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Gross margins, do you think that they can be up as well, because of cost cutting and volume?
Tom Falk: Yes, well probably see a bit more lift at gross margin, because of the impact of the between the lines marketing spending.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: What do you mean by that?
Tom Falk: So in other words, gross margins will have to be up higher than operating margin, because were going to be spending back more between the lines.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: So gross margins up 50 basis points?
Tom Falk: Thats not an unreasonable assumption.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Then I just had a question about the North American Personal Care. You cited the three parts of the division that were up more than the 3% volume overall, so what was down, Childcare?
Mike Asbell: Childcare was pretty similar year-on-year, Alice.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: So that was flat?
Mike Asbell: Pretty similar, yes.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: I guess one final question. Your 2% to 3% volume growth that youre foreseeing for 2010, how much do you think volume will be up offshore for international?
Tom Falk: It should be up more than that. I mean obviously, we saw a good sequential improvement during the year. The back half of the year had better volume performance than the first half of the year. Weve got aggressive plans to continue to grow in the international markets, but wed also say particularly in Personal Care, wed expect to see some growth in the U.S. behind some of the innovation that we have coming.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: So you think volume can be up in Personal Care in the U.S. some?
Tom Falk: Yes.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Actually as a follow up to that, I think you said organic growth for international in the fourth quarter was 11%. What was it for the year?
Mike Asbell: It was also up 11%, Alice.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: For the year and how much of that was pricing? How much volume?
Tom Falk: In the fourth quarter, I think volume was 2% and price was the balance, price and mix.
Mike Asbell: Yes, and thats pretty similar for the year as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Ferrara - Banc of America.
Chris Ferrara - Banc of America: Tom, I just wanted to just to make sure I understand this, you think pulps going to average 8.50 to 8.75, or that with the big deal which means its youre approaching 900 by the end of the year if not getting there, but you think with pulp getting up to 900 there will be no industry pricing in consumer tissue at all, like private label consisting in that type of pulp prices and survive and just want to get your color on that?
Tom Falk: We would love for that to happen, but I think just based on how tough it has been to get the last price increase established. We probably focus more on getting that established and dialing backs some of the trade spending. You typically see in tissue is that the way it plays out is youll see some of the trade gets pulled out before a list price change and were not seeing that happen at this point in time. I mean promoted price points are still pretty aggressive and its a challenging environment to get price. That isnt to say that we wont try to get it in markets, where we think weve absolutely got the opportunity, but Id just think realistically, its going to be a challenge in 2010. 
Chris Ferrara - Banc of America: I understand that now based on what pulp is today but if youre talking about pulp going up another $70, $80 over the balance of the year. Do you think that would change the dynamic at all? 
Mark Buthman: It might. It could happen, but again, if it happens, the realization this year would probably not be significant because youd protect promoted price points for a period of time. So much of tissue goes on promotion, its not that it doesnt matter what happens to list price, but youve got to get promoted price points to move up to really get significant realization. 
Chris Ferrara - Banc of America: I guess just on a different topic on SG&A, just trying to understand I guess for the quarter. So SG&A was up about 19% year-on-year, right after it had been running flattish to slightly up over the first few quarters. I just want to understand whats driving that increase and how are you thinking about that line going forward? Its like 19 and change as a percentage of sales is one of the bigger numbers weve seen. So I guess, what change and how do you think about it as you move into 2010? 
Tom Falk: About half of the increase in the quarter was higher marketing spend. So part of that was just the timing of how that played out this year and then in the balance, the I-Flow acquisition, which has got a very heavy sales component was about a third of the balance. The rest of it was a variety of things. You had compensation expense was higher particularly in the fourth quarter. We had such a strong third quarter and if you look at our long term comp is driven by ROIC and so the big improvement in ROIC in our outlook for the year actually caused three years worth of awards to get ratcheted up and all of that expense fell in the fourth quarter predominantly. So some of it was just the timing of when the compensation expenses got recorded this year. 
Chris Ferrara - Banc of America: I hate to like be such a pain on this, but I mean the rest, I guess marketing spending and strategic spending didnt really go up much more this quarter than it has in the first three quarters, is that right? Im just trying to understand relative to say last quarter when it was flat, if you have the same level of yea-on-year increase in marketing spending thats an extra 19 points of growth that. It sounds like I guess a piece of it is I-Flow and the comp but theres nothing else thats sizeable in there? 
Tom Falk: Nothing unusual. No. 
Mark Buthman: I would say, Chris, that the third quarter was maybe a little less than we had expected, the fourth quarter was maybe a little more. We always tend to ramp up in the fourth quarter and maybe it was a little bit out sized, but nothing had no particular element stand put. 
Mike Asbell: Chris, if you take a look at the flow as below the line spending in 2008 for example, youll see that the fourth quarter is typically higher than the full year average and thats predominantly driven by G&A. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs. 
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: Im just going to ask a quick question on diapers. Rock announced a decent sized innovation. Im just wondering, what kind of flexibility you guys would have to replicate or match that technically, if you find that necessary and how youre thinking about spending plans as they come out with presumably a decent amount of media behind that? 
Tom Falk: Weve been aware of the March re-launch of Pampers for a while because its been out in the trade for a while and so weve seen the product at other markets around the world and were pretty aware of how it performs. We feel very good about our Huggies plan for 2010. So we know they will spend money and make a lot of noise, but we also feel like weve got a terrific innovation plan and well come through the year with a strong Huggies franchise. 
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: How has that product performed? How has it affected your business in other markets, where its been for a longer period? 
Tom Falk: Yes, I mean, they havent launched it broadly anywhere. Theyve tested it a bunch of different places. The consumer buzz on their blocs is not all positive. In fact theres quite a few consumers that are seeing fit issues, but well see. Im sure theyll get it right. I mean they are a very capable marketing company. Theyve been in this category a long time, but if you think about it relative to their current product, its one millimeter thinner versus our product thats like a millimeter and a half. So its not as radically different than you might think.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: Is there anything coming through from the retailers in terms of shelf resets because one of the pitches theyre making is it takes a little bit less space?
Tom Falk: On the big box package, which is the most common largest volume pack, the pack size is 1% different, so on average across their packing. So its not a huge space differential.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: Then just quick one for Mark, why is the tax rate going up next year, I would have thought with more mix presumably coming profit mix coming from overseas? I would have thought maybe they were versed.
Mark Buthman: I think a couple things. Were also generating more cash overseas. So were going to be bringing more cash back to the U.S., which tends to put a little upward pressure on the tax rate and then theres just a natural upward pressure as we create more income that has more of an upward affect.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: You wind up getting closer to your statutory rate and so you need that much more tax savings opportunities to hold the rate below the statutory rate?
Mark Buthman: Its really just the growth in the shape of our business.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: Just on that front, will you guys continue to raise your dividend payout? I mean youre implying an increase in your dividend payout ratio this year. Is that something youll continue? Is there a target rate youll have?
Tom Falk: I mean certainly, we out performed this year, so our payout for 09 was actually lower than we expected it would be going into the year. So weve said historically, wed try to grow the dividend at least as fast as our earnings growth. So I wouldnt expect to see huge shifts and payout upward overtime, but I think a modest up tick is probably appropriate in this environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Can we just Venezuela, are you done repatriating money from Venezuela cash wise? I mean, will it stop impacting margins next year?
Mike Asbell: Everything has sort of changed now theyre gone to hyperinflationary accounting. So I think that as we generate excess cash in Venezuela and we can pull that cash out to do other things with it, we would look to continue to be able to do that. I think at this stage, given the state where the currency controls are, were not exactly sure what the rules are or how you will even get foreign exchange to pay your bills in foreign currencies at this stage.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Are diapers deemed essential items or do you have to use the 4.3 rate?
Mike Asbell: Theres three rates now. The essential rate, were assuming that none of our products are probably in that category. Its probably more food oriented and so then theres the non-essential rate is 4.3 and then theres a parallel rate of six and so I think the question that everybody has at this point. I dont think anyone knows exactly how its going to work out, its going to be either 4.3 or 6 is where everything will get translated at this year. So when you see a range around some of our numbers, were waiting for clarity on how thats going to play out and so I think its likely the SEC will lay in and tell everybody what rate theyre supposed to use and well see how that happens in the first quarter.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Whats in guidance because if you look at the year-over-year comparison, obviously there was big other expense in the first two quarters. Do you contemplate that continuing or is that going to go away?
Mike Asbell: The big other expense in the first two quarters if you look at last year theres things happening in the sales line and cost of sales line and the one most visible to the street, what was going on in other expense. As you look in the back half of the year most of the stuff that was in other expense wound up in cost of sales because of the way the transactions being done. When you shift to hyperinflationary accounting the more of that is going to flow through cost of sales next year, but youre also going to have a much lower sales number because we were translating sales at the official rate last year of two because that was the rate. This year their sales get translated at either 4.3 or six depending on what the guidance is, so it was 3% of our sales last year and it might be one to 1.5% of our sales in 2010. So there will be a lot of moving parts for Venezuela in the P&L in 2010 and well try and be as transparent about it as we can.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Then on the SG&A line, I think it was 19.5% of sales this quarter. I know you answered Chriss question, but is that the run rate going forward?
Mike Asbell: No, that was higher than wed expect. Obviously, there was more, the fourth quarter accrual effect that Mark talked about and some of the compensation expense catch up, we had some of the cost of the I-Flow, the onetime cost of the I-Flow acquisition were in there. So there was a bunch of things in the fourth quarter. So I think if you look at the full year average thats probably more reflective of what we would be aiming at. 
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Then the 10-K is not out yet, but you usually provide margin by region. Can you just tell me what the European margin was for the year? 
Mike Asbell: I dont know if we got that handy. 
Mark Buthman: Bill, well get back to you with that. I dont think we have that right with us. 
Mike Asbell: The other thing, when you do get it, weve booked all of the organization optimization costs in that line item and in Europe as you know the severance costs are pretty high. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital. 
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital: I have a question on gross margin expansion. In my model, Im having trouble getting it to expand because you have cost inflation that wont be fully offset. You have a mix shift towards less lower priced products. Youve got increased trade promotions. Why will the margin go up next year? 
Mark Buthman: If you look at a couple of things, I mean our achieving organic volume growth of 2% to 3%, thats going to help us from a utilization perspective. Were going to have less down time in 2010 than we had in 2009. Now we wont get all of that back, but well get a portion of that probably half of that will comeback in better absorption. Weve got a couple hundred million dollars in our forced cost savings that we would expect to come through, a lot of the organization optimization costs hit cost of sales and some part of it was in our G&A area, but a good chunk of it was in our manufacturing organization. Well have lower pension expense in 2010 and a good chunk of that goes through cost of sales. Then some of the currency transaction costs that hurt us that were in cost of sales for all of the purchase materials, those should be better with the better FX environment in 2010. So its a lot of other pieces that are hard to find, but we think that on balance, those things should help us offset the cost environment and still deliver on margin improvement. 
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital: There are so many things that go into it?
Mark Buthman: Yes, theres a lot of moving parts and the volatility weve had in a lot of areas these days. 
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital: The Health Care margins went from about 21% in Q2 and Q3 down to 14.5% in Q4. What was that all about? 
Mark Buthman: The onetime costs of the I-Flow acquisition were a big part of that. So as you know, we had the acquisition related costs that you have to expense and then some of the profit step up in their inventory flowed through the cost of sales in the fourth quarter. Well have more of that in the first part of 2010. So youll probably see a little bit of pressure on healthcare margins in 2010 related to that. 
Mike Asbell: Connie, there was also a sequential increase in some input costs like polymer. 
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital: So year-over-year in 2010 the healthcare margins should be down from 2009? 
Mike Asbell: Yes. 
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital: Whats a good assumption for I-Flows normalized margin?
Mark Buthman: From an operating margin standpoint theyve been running around breakeven, very high gross margins historically, but obviously well have to flush that profit aspect of inventory through as we do the purchase accounting and then we obviously believe that it can be accretive to us by 2011. 
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital: Then I have some questions on Venezuela too. Of the non-essential rate, are there restrictions to your access to get money at that rate? 
Mark Buthman: I think the honest answer, Connie, is that we dont really know yet. This is all relatively new. Were still trying to figure out how the Venezuela government is actually going to make exchange available to companies to allow them to pay for the cost of imported raw materials and in some cases imported finished product. So I think if you look at how things played out in 2009, there were some programs that were available to get exchange at the official rate, but most of our business went at the parallel rate, which so I think were not sure exactly how thats going to play out in 2010. If the sufficient funding will be available at the non-essential rate that would be great, that would be one scenario, but its perhaps more likely that well be dealing in the parallel rate as we were this year.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital: I just want to make sure that Im understanding, I want excuse no have an apples-to-apples comparison excluding the one-time stuff with Venezuela, and it seemed to me in last years first quarter, you had two impacts from Venezuela running through. One was the transaction cost, but also didnt you have a loss to reduce your cash balances in the first quarter and shouldnt we exclude that from our adjusted base in 2009? So that its a straight comparison to 2010.
Tom Falk: Well, because well be probably pulling some cash out again in 2010 so Im not sure that Id back that out completely. I mean the loss that were going to be treating as an unusual item is really just the impact of going to hyperinflationary accounting, which happened on January 1. To put it in perspective, if the devaluation that happened in December of 2009, all of that one-time charge would have flowed through UTA and not gone through the income statement at all.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital: Doesnt the cash that you generate, doesnt that also get re-measured and the re-measurement of the balance sheet?
Tom Falk: Yes, the bill of our cash and bill of our receivables will generate exchange losses as the exchange gains or losses as the exchange rate fluctuates in 2010, and then of your Boulevard payable position.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital: Did you record transaction losses in Venezuela in each of the four quarters of 2009?
Tom Falk: Yes, but in some cases, the hit was in cost of sales and others it was in other income expense. It really depended on the type of transaction.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital: So year-over-year, because its already in the 2009 base, it doesnt get precipitously worse in 2010. So the only thing we really need to think about is the translation impact and the one-time balance sheet effect.
Tom Falk: I think thats right. The bottom line based on what we know of the exchange rates, Venezuela should be pretty similar in 2010 versus 2009. Now, that assumes things stay as they are. Sales will be a lot lower, but the operating earnings net income shouldnt be materially different, because the parallel rate is projected to be broadly similar to where it was in 2009. So the one-time transaction cost related to re-measuring the balance sheet is the big hit.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital: Are consumers shopping or as business come to a halt?
Tom Falk: No, I mean we make things that people need everyday, so people need bath tuberculosis use, people need diapers, and so yeah, its an environment to be sure, but no matter whats happening politically people need our products to survive.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital: If I could just ask one last question, Im sorry, how should we think about the first quarter? What are the big influences on the first quarter?
Tom Falk: Again, weve got quite a bit of innovation launching in the early part of the year so youll probably see stepped up marketing spending, commodity costs are moving sequentially higher in some areas, youve seen oil up a bit, so polymer costs and pulp costs will be higher than the fourth quarter. The G&A costs will likely be lower as some of the impact of the accruals that were taken in the fourth quarter reverse. So youll see lower G&A spending. Broadly Id say those are some of the major impacts outlook for on to the market.
Mark Buthman: I think if you think about our business in two halves, our cost savings programs tend to kind of ramp up towards the end of the year, which tends to benefit the second half. The benefits of the innovation that will come in the first half will flow through in the second half. So its likely second first half comps will be better just because our earnings were lower in 09, but progressively well earn more in the back half than the first half.
Operator: Your next question comes from Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup: I just have a couple of follow up questions on the tissue business. First of all I know youve talked a little bit over the last year about maybe some distribution losses for the Scott brand. Has that actually played out or whats your expectation now for that?
Tom Falk: No, I think youre seeing retailers everywhere are more disciplined on the brands that they carry and the SKUs they carry and I think thats true, with every retailer Id talk to they want to have a more impact full efficient line up. Broadly, we would say that we have the distribution. We need to achieve our objectives, the distribution has shifted around and will regain in some areas weve lost in some other areas, but overall we would feel like weve done a pretty good job and brought the retailers what they needed to give them the efficient line up theyre looking for.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup: So in terms of pressure on your business, do you think this is just an ongoing thing or has the last year seen particularly, whatever more of a shift to private label any disproportion at pressure on your business?
Tom Falk: No, I think retailers are continuing to push. I mean they want innovation. They want to make room for innovation and so theyre going to be pushing manufacturers to make sure that their product line up performing. So every one of our brand teams is making sure that weve got the right things on the shelf and the right packings for each retail channel and that were the relevant offering that they want to put on the shelf.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup: Given you sort of continued down trading to private label particularly on the towel side. Does it change your philosophy or your willingness to do more private label manufacturing?
Tom Falk: Not at this point. I mean, I think we are a branded business and thats where we focus, we do have some private label contracts that are important to us with strategic retail partners, but I wouldnt say that it would say were going to go chase private label broadly as a key strategy. Weve got excellent programming behind Viva, which is a super premium differentiated product. We continue to make sure that Scott towels provides the value that consumers are looking for and we think both of those brands have got a role to play in the category going forward.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup: Then my last question and I may have my facts totally wrong here, but isnt it in the Spring of 2010, but the brand that SEA bought from rock tier in Western Europe have to go away as a part of that licensing agreement. So Im wondering if my facts are right if thats still in the cards and whether that affects you at all. In other words is that a unique opportunity to capture branded share against what now looks like just a private label dominated market or is that just an immaterial thing?
Tom Falk: I think the shares were pretty small to begin with and the share growth in Europe is mostly occurring in private label broadly and so we managed to hold share and are down just a tic in a couple categories, but Id say were watching private label more carefully in Europe than we are some of the other branded players.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: First thing was just on strategic marketing. I think it would be really helpful if you guys could give us a ballpark idea of what percent of your general expense you consider to be strategic marketing because in the conversation about how much it increases year-over-year, local currency versus as reported? When I look back at what you said last quarter it was up $50 million, this quarter its up $45 million and thats different than what Mark had just suggested? So Im having trouble figuring out what up faster than sales means for this year?
Tom Falk: Im not sure what question would you like us to answer in that, Lauren?
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Lets start with whats the base, what percentage roughly even is strategic marketing of your general expense?
Paul Alexander: So Lauren, this is Paul. We consider advertising and consumer promotion between the lines as strategic marketing. Advertising, well report in the 10-K, but roughly speaking its about 3% of sales. The consumer promotion piece is a meaningful number, but its less than the advertising number.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Then since its at least year-over-year even adjusting for currency, strategic marketing was up significantly in 09 versus 08. So in your plans for 2010, to increase strategic marketing faster than sales, whats really changing outside of the dollar number? Where is it being allocated or how is it being allocated differently that you think it will have a positive impact on volumes and brand equity versus what you may or may not have seen this year?
Tom Falk: As you look at our global business plan that weve talked about, the categories and countries that are targeted for significant growth are going to be where we invest disproportionately. So if you looked at, our Personal Care businesses pretty much around the world you would expect to see higher A&P spending. If you looked at our Kleenex business and some of the things that were going to do behind that, youd expect to see higher marketing spending. Our Andrex business in the U.K., were going through a major relaunch really as we speak. Look at our VIVA business and Cottonelle business in the U.S., where youve got high margin differentiated products where we would want to spend more behind those, so those would be the focal points, where we see weve got innovation, weve got the strategic growth platform where we would want to spend more behind those.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Specifically to consumer tissue, I know the Nielsen data is less and less useful, especially now with target not included in it, but the numbers and track channels for Scott in both bath and paper towels have been down double digits. So just getting back to Wendys question about distribution, is the performance very, very different in untracked channels for Scott?
Tom Falk: I mean, Scott bath overall had a terrific year so significantly out performed the category from a growth rate standpoint. So, yes, there is no issue on Scott bath. I mean theres really more of making sure we can manage the supply chain and stay in good customer service, because if you look even at the fourth quarter, we significantly out performed our expectations on Scott bath. Scott towels we did lose share, but if you looked at our total towel share versus the prior quarter, I think it was down two-tenths of a point and that was probably pretty evenly split across Scott and VIVA.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Just finally on margins in tissue, I understand that broadly, when you talk about the G&A spending up year-over-year that some of it was accruals and one-time or timing issues, but when I look at the reported operating margins for tissue, as you highlighted theyre down really significantly year-over-year. I just wondering to what degree is that or the down time tied to the fact that volume has now been negative for two years and you sort of focus on revenue realization, improving margins, it got back to a level that Im wondering if maybe youll say okay, mid-teens margins was fine and now well spend again, but were sort of back where we started in terms of margins and top line.
Tom Falk: Yes, Id say Id look at the average margin for the year and say tissue margins for the full year were up probably a couple hundred basis points, 11.5 versus 8.9, and yes, we slid back in the fourth quarter, but Id still say looking at that full year average is really what were aiming at in 2010. There was a lot of things that happen in the fourth quarter and some of that was one-time and some of it was downtime related, which we will have more of, but a good chunk of that was in the international businesses where margins were off quite a bit and part of that was downtime related.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse: My first question is just to clarify on the diaper changes that Proctor has put out there, you mentioned its a pretty minimal shelf space issue, but are there any plans at Kimberly not that you would share the details but to somehow respond to that with innovations of your own?
Tom Falk: As you know, were always improving Huggies and have got a aggressive product plans going into every year. In fact, weve got multiyear product plans and so yes, we feel like we will have a competitive and most cases superior preferred product in Huggies throughout 2010. So were very confident in the innovation plan that we have. We know Proctor is a great marketing company will come in and make a lot of noise about their product improvement, but I think what theyre doing if you really take it all apart is more of a cost savings program than a significant step change in product performance.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse: Im sorry to beat the dead horse on the tissue issue.
Tom Falk: This horse is alive and well Chip. Its a horse we like very much and weve got confidence that our tissue business can perform and earn us cost of capital and play an important role for us.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse: Youll be glad to know we bought a massive package of Scott tissue, 1,000 rolls at Costco Martin Luther King day, so were doing our part. When you at least looking at NBSK price for 09 it was $718 million and supposed to go to $880 million in February, which if it just did. Im not saying it will or wont and stayed there for the rest of the year and not higher or lower that would mean you have about $160 million a ton change and that would add up to be almost your full $400 million cost increase youre building in. I know I believe you buy about a million tons give or take of wastepaper and thats already about $100 million a ton above the 09 average. So that would go through there. Are there offsets to this, where you see raw materials or other costs going down, input costs going down that would keep you in that $3 million to $400 million range or are you expecting pulp to roll down or how can we reconcile those?
Mark Buthman: In some parts of the tissue business in the U.K. for example, energy costs are probably a little lower in 2010 versus 2009. So thats part of it and there are other areas where weve got pretty significant manufacturing cost improvements, its part of which we started out with our organization optimization program that will roll forward into 2010. Obviously, were watching the fiber prices as you are and we look at the currency swings that are going on, thats driving it in part as well as Chinese demand has been extraordinarily high and well see how long that plays out.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse: Then noting the capital spending which you of course are citing within your planned long term range, its still up about 25%, 30% from where it was in 09. Obviously, we all entered 09 with a lot of conservatism, but are there any specific projects you can point to or maybe just segments you can point to as to where the increases are taking place like for example, are there new tissue machines in there or what would account for the increase in spending?
Mark Buthman: I mean, we pulled back 09 from our normal run rate just reflecting challenging environment and we wanted to make sure we conserve cash flow and strengthen our balance sheet going into this tough economic environment. We also felt like if the categories werent going to be growing rapidly, we shouldnt need to spend as much on capital. If you look at the 2010 plan, youd see some capacity expansion and Personal Care around the world particularly type diapers and feminine care, youd see more savings on cost savings programs so supporting a lot of the cost savings plans that we have well spend a bit more of our capital in that vein. Weve got good cost savings projects that well be driving to help make sure we deliver on that front. Theres no major tissue capacity expansions that are in the plan that are significant to talk about at this stage and so we think tissue, through productivity growth weve got the capacity to support our growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gail Glazerman - UBS.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Just a few questions on the way from home tissue business, theres a price increase in the market. Have you announced anything and just in general its one of more economically more sensitive businesses with macro indicators starting to point up are you seeing anything change in that business?
Tom Falk: Id say if you look at the sequential volume comparison in KCP, it looked like it got a little better, but Id say the comparison got easier because last years fourth quarter you saw a pretty big inventory pullback and bigger volume declines and so I would say were going to kind of follow the unemployment rate and youre not really seeing a lot of job creation or seeing unemployment rate decline and until you start to see that, youre going to see the KCP business kind of go sideways Id guess from the comparison get easier in 2010. I dont think youre going to see real volume improvement until you see the economy start to turn more positively. If you look at a lot of industries theres still significant excess capacity and until that starts to get filled up, youre not going to see huge swings in volume improvement in K-C Professional. Theres a general industry price increase thats rolling around. Weve looked for opportunities, where we get the chance to improve our net realized revenue. Whether we do that through list or we do that through increasing contract prices, were still evaluating the response to that.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Just going back to private label, I guess you mentioned that private label is gaining share in Europe and there was I guess some talking around it and some of the other markets, but can you talk about what youre seeing in the key North American markets in terms of private label share?
Tom Falk: Yes, private label is gaining share in Europe for like 50 years and so, if you look at a long trend, its continued to move upward generally and its driven by the European retailers. If you look at private label shares in our major U.S. markets, if you looked at it in just versus the prior quarter, private label shares are actually down in half of our category, and maybe flat in the rest. So its down seven-tenths of a point in infant care, pretty flattish in Childcare, down a couple points in baby wipes, down a tic in Fem care, down seven-tenths of adult care, down a couple points in facial tissue, up six-tenths in bath and up a tenths in paper towels so versus sequentially, youd say private label share has got a little weaker. Now there was more branded spending on marketing money and trade promotion, which probably narrowed some of those price gaps, if you looked full year 09 versus 08, youd say private label was up about a half a point or more in five of our categories and flat in about three. So youd see the biggest moves in adult care private label are up a couple points. It was up a couple points in paper towels and it was up about a point in facial tissue. Most of the other Personal Care categories private label shares were within a half a point of where they were in 08 so not a huge swing.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: I guess just last question, looking at the international volume trend, low single digits in 2009. Was that mainly kind of inventory destocking, price elasticity, and would you envision being able to get that kind of back to a double digit rate over the next year or two?
Tom Falk: We saw double digit organic growth, but probably more price and some of that is going to come as we drive innovation in some of the higher margin segments, but I also think in large parts of the emerging market as their economies start to improve, well see category penetration improve. So we would expect organic volume growth and the energy markets to probably not get back to the double digit range, broadly because we got a lot of markets over there that are pretty well developed like Australia and Korea, that are a big part of our mix, but weve still got aggressive growth plans in China and Russia and were seeing good volume growth in those areas as well as big parts of Latin America.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Faucher - JP Morgan.
John Faucher - JP Morgan: Im going to ask you sort of a different way to look at the number for next year, aside from just margins, which is if I take a look at the reversal of charges, the benefits in the workforce reduction and the incremental benefit from force. To me, that all adds up roughly to where your cost of goods sold inflation number is for the year, that 300-400. Then if I take a look at the lack of curtailments and the lower pension year-over-year if I add that to your 2009 base that gets me to the mid point of your guidance range and then Im looking at this saying okay youve got a billion dollars in revenue growth, that has to be dropping at a relatively lower margin number, because you dont seem to be getting much profit benefit from the growth. So I guess is there something Im missing there? Obviously, you talked about the higher marketing spend, but just a normalized margin on the $1 billion in incremental growth would get you a couple hundred million dollars, so I guess the question there is what am I missing on this?
Tom Falk: Yes, I think a couple things, without seeing the analysis entirely, Id say the overhead absorption Id probably only maybe bring half of that back, because well still have some down time in 2010, so thats part of it. Well have strategic marketing spending that will be faster than sales so that will be a part of it. Well spend a bit more in R&D and customer development so that will be another part of it. Wage rate inflation, we didnt do a lot in salary increases in 09, well likely have a normal wage increase in 2010, so that will be in probably $25 million to $50 million range. Weve some product improvement costs as were improving the product, were going to put some value back in. So thats a chunk thats not in there. I think those are probably the other pieces that maybe werent in the analysis that you laid out that would account for the differences that youre talking about.
John Faucher - JP Morgan: So nothing major, just taking advantage of maybe a little bit of flex to have to work on a bunch of different things is the way to look at it?
Tom Falk: Its more the normal things that happen in the business. You have product improvement costs every year, you have wage increases every year, you have investments in marketing that youre trying to increase at a faster rate than sales and youve got cost savings programs to pay for it all.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Lee Furst] - Dudack Research Group.
Lee Furst - Dudack Research Group: Can you comment on whats going on with retail inventories?
Tom Falk: In our categories, were pretty high turn already. So we take up a lot of space in the warehouse and retailers really want to flow our product to the store as quickly as they can, and so we havent seen huge swings at this point in time. Id say going into 2009, you saw everybody be really lien on inventory. I wouldnt say theyve rebuilt that dramatically and every customer would tell you theyre trying to run with a linear more efficient supply chain and so we play a part in that, but we are already at the top end of their performance from an inventory turns standpoint in most cases.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets: Just a quick question about the 2% to 3% volume, I mean what are you assuming for market category growth maybe consumer tissue, Personal Care? I know you did talk about the slow and modest recovery. So Im trying to figure out what youre implying in terms of market share gains?
Tom Falk: I mean in the U.S., wed expect the categories to be pretty flat. The birth rate has been a little down in the U.S., and so that will play out in our categories for the next couple of years and so wed expect to see the diaper category pretty flat and tissue, bath tissue generally follows population growth, so thats going to be flat to up slightly. Household towels the category was pretty weak this year and so was facial tissue so as the economy recovers you could start to see those categories grow a bit at a faster pace.  Globally, wed still look for probably mid single digit category growth in diapers and some of the Personal Care spaces, fem care maybe a little slower than that as its more penetrated in most markets. So Id say if you look at our 2% to 3% target, not huge share gains here, its really more category penetration, with perhaps some of our innovation in selected Markets we would see modest share improvement.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets: Then just on the next point, just in Personal Care in Europe. Can you just comment about the simply dry rollout from Proctor? Clearly, this quarter, Huggies showed some strength and the price investment actually improved for you guys this period versus the last couple quarters. So just wondering how that competitive landscape is looking?
Tom Falk: So far, the simply dry has mostly cannibalized P&Gs existing share. So weve defended reasonably well and obviously were watching closely as they roll it out to more markets, but so far, were feeling like were doing the right things with the Huggies franchise in Europe.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets: Then just the last question, with the face masks up I guess adding 6% to the growth in the fourth quarter. What assumptions are you making for 2010? Are you assuming theres going to be some reversal as this pushes out from the H1N1? I guess can you put some color around that, thanks.
Tom Falk: I were just with our Health Care team a week or so ago having this exact same discussion and I think were basically assuming that we still have a little bit of H1N1 benefit in the first quarter and then it really winds down and goes back to more of a pre-H1N1 level. So youd actually see some volume decline on face masks in 2010 and thats built into our plan. One of the questions weve been debating is a lot of this was governments and hospitals building a stockpile and its difficult to give visibility as to whether the stockpile was actually used and pulled down and do they need to replenish or where are they in their own inventory levels at the end user level. So thats something were still trying to get better visibility of and I think theres talk of another H1N1 bloom in the Spring. Well see how that transpires at this stage, but our planning assumptions are that weve got a bit left in the first quarter and then we revert more to where we were before the pandemic began.
Operator: Your final question comes from Linda Bolton Weiser - Caris & Co.
Linda Bolton Weiser - Caris & Co.: Can you give us a little bit of an update on the most recent headcount reduction program and tell us how in cost savings there were in the quarter? Then I guess costs related to that were only $6 million in the quarter pretax. I thought it would be more like $12 million. Are you still going to have more costs going forward or the costs over and just the benefit and Im also modeling about $80 million of benefit in the first half of 2010 from that is that about right?
Paul Alexander: Yes, thats all right, Linda. This is Paul. The costs are done. They came in at about $128 million for the year. Its in the news release. The savings in the fourth quarter were $30 million and that brought the full year to about $55 million and that leaves about $80 million for 2010. The headcount, we completed the program, we reduced headcount by about 1600 positions as we said at the beginning that we would do, so on-track and complete.
Linda Bolton Weiser - Caris & Co.: Then can you just touch on the operating margins in K-C Professional and Health Care and why they came down so much sequentially? Is that just a sequential increase in material cost inputs or something else because the pricing in professional was actually pretty good so can you explain that a little bit more?
Tom Falk: Secondary fiber was part of it. They also had some significantly higher distribution expense, which was part of that was related to a new order entry system that we put in. So we should start to see some improvement in that area in 2010 as we get that established. We also took a little bit more down time from an inventory standpoint globally on K-C Professional. So thats sort of that story.  On Health Care, the input costs and polymer was a part of it, but probably a bigger part was the impact of the I-Flow onetime cost and some of the inventory step up that flowed through those numbers.
Linda Bolton Weiser - Caris & Co.: Then can you just tell us how the new natural diaper is doing?
Tom Falk: The Huggies pure and natural, so far so good, its holding steady at about a share point, but were doing well with the newer models with the just entering the category. So that bodes well for the future as they continue through that franchise.
Linda Bolton Weiser - Caris & Co.: Do you have all the distribution youd want to have or is there still gains to be made?
Tom Falk: We always like more distribution, but we think weve got what we need to make that a successful launch for us.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions.
Paul Alexander: All right, thanks, David. Ill turn it over to Tom, for final comments.
Tom Falk: Once again, were very pleased with the performance that we delivered in 2009, but as you also know, were never satisfied and so were looking forward to 2010 to continue to execute our global business plan well. Thank you again for your support of Kimberly-Clark. Thank you.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-22 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for your patience in holding. We now have Mr. Paul Alexander in conference (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Paul Alexander. Mr. Alexander you may begin, sir.
Paul Alexander: Thanks David and good morning everyone. Welcome to our third quarter earnings conference call. With us today are Tom Falk Chairman and CEO, Mark Buthman Senior VP and CFO, and Mike Azbell, Vice President and Controller. Heres the agenda for this mornings call. Mark will begin with a review of our third quarter results, and then Tom will provide his perspective on the results and discuss the 2009 outlook. That will leave us plenty of time for Q&A. For those wishing to follow along, we do have a presentation of todays material in the investor section of our Web site, which is www.kimberly-clark.com. Now, before we begin let me remind you that we will be making forward-looking statements during the call today. There can be no assurance that future events will occur as anticipated or that the companys results will be as estimated. Please refer to the risk factor section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for description of factors that could cause our future results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Id also like to point out that when discussing 2009 results, we will be comparing to adjusted results in 2008, which exclude charges for the strategic cost reduction plan we completed last year, and an extraordinary loss. Management believes that reporting in this manner enables investors to better understand and analyze our ongoing results of operations. For additional information on why we made these adjustments, in reconciliation to comparable financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP please see todays news release and additional information on our website. Now Ill turn it over to Mark.
Mark Buthman: Thanks Paul and good morning. I hope you had a chance to review our news release with the details of our results. Im going to briefly review the quarter and Id like to start with a few headlines. First, organic sales growth was about 3% including double digit growth in the developing and emerging markets, and very strong performance from our healthcare business. Second, gross and operating margins both improved more than 500 basis points that led to record earnings per share of a $1.40, up more than 35% compared to a year ago. Third, cash provided by operations was up 23% to more than $790 million. Now, lets cover the details in the quarter starting with sales. Overall sales decreased about 2% to $4.9 billion. A currency drag of approximately 5% more than offset underlying organic growth of 3%. Our focus on net realized revenue led to an approximate three point gain in net selling prices, while sales volumes were essentially even with the prior year. Turning to the top line for each of our segments: In personal care, sales were down approximately 1% including a six point currency headwind. Organic growth of about 5% was driven by higher net selling prices of 5% and a one point improvement in sales volumes. Meanwhile product mix lowered sales by 1%. In North America, organic sales were even with the prior year, as higher net selling prices of 2% were offset by lower volumes. Sales volumes for Huggies diapers fell about 3% and childcare volumes were down about 7%, reflecting softness in the training pants category. Despite the lower volumes, our market shares in both categories were even with last year. Elsewhere, adult care volumes were up at a double-digit rate including benefits from new gender-specific DEPEND Underwear which we launched earlier in the year. Moving to Europe; personal care organic sales increased approximately 4%. Sales volumes were up nearly 7% with improved performance of Huggies diapers in Poland and our core markets in Western Europe. Meanwhile, net selling prices were down 2% and product mix lowered sales by more than one point. In developing in emerging market, personal care organic sales rose above 13%. Net selling prices increased 10% and sales volumes were up 4% while product mix was off slightly. Volume highlights included double-digit growth in the fast growing BRICIT countries and also in South Africa. Turning to consumer tissue, sales were down 5%, which was equal to the negative impact from currency in the quarter. Higher net selling prices and improved product mix each delivered one point of growth, but were offset by lower volumes of approximately 2%. Our volumes continue to be impacted by the effects of weakness in the economy and our focus on revenue realization. In North America, sales were down about 2%. Higher net selling prices of 2% were more than offset by lower volumes of 4%, mostly in paper towels and facial tissue. Net selling prices reflect the increases we took last year, partially offset by somewhat higher competitive promotional spending. Switching to Europe; consumer tissue organic sales fell nearly 4% in a continued competitive environment. Net selling prices declined 2% while sales volumes were off more than 1%. In a developing and emerging markets consumer tissue organic sales increased 4% driven by higher net selling prices. Now moving K-C Professional and other: Sales decreased about 5%, including a four point drag from currency. Higher net selling prices generated nearly four points of growth. However, sales volumes were down about 4% and thats net of an approximate three point from the acquisition of Jackson Safety earlier in the year. K-C Professionals volumes continue to reflect the challenging economic environment particularly in North America and Europe. Lastly, healthcare segment sales were up approximately 16% with strong organic growth driven by volumes which jumped 18%. One point of improved product mix was offset by lower net selling prices. Healthcare volumes were up in several product categories including double-digit growth in exam gloves for the six consecutive quarters. Segment volumes, particularly in medical supplies were also benefiting from increased industry concerns regarding infection prevention. In addition, approximately 40% of the total volume growth in the quarter came from increased global demand for facemasks as a result of the H1N1 flu virus. Now, moving to profit, margin and cost savings: Gross margins improved significantly up 570 basis points to 35.2%. Its the fourth consecutive quarter of year on year gross margin improvement. Key drivers were price realization, cost savings and lower input cost of about $270 million. Third quarter operating profit was up 39%, with an operating margin of 17.7%. Thats despite negative currency effects of about $75 million and increased pension expense of approximately $25 million. Meanwhile, we continue to invest our brands with strategic marketing up $50 million in local currency terms during the quarter. Now, turning to cost savings; we had another strong quarter, with total savings of $61 million, that brings our year-to-date savings to about a $190 million. In terms of the strategic cost reduction plan, we realized $14 million of benefit from activities completed in 2008. Our ongoing force program generated savings of $47 million in the quarter, including strong benefits from sourcing and supply chain activities. Given our strong cost savings momentum, weve raised our full year target for the second consecutive quarter. We now expect to deliver about $250 million in total savings, up $50 million compared to our previous target. We also started to realize benefits from our organization optimization initiative. A severance in related costs of $12 million was more than offset by related savings of $24 million. Now, looking briefly at third quarter segment operating margins; our margins were up strongly across all four business segments, both year on year and sequentially compared to the second quarter. I am really pleased to see the broad based improvement in our profitability and I am proud of the entire organizations hard work, and focus on reducing cost, improving the way we work in delivering increased cash flow. Speaking of cash flow we had another excellent performance this quarter. Cash provided by operations increased 23% to $791 million. The growth was driven by higher cash earnings and further reductions in working capital, partially offset by increased contributions to our pension plans. In terms of working capital, we improved our cash conversion cycle by a further five days compared to the second quarter. That included benefits from extending payables terms and reducing inventory levels by two days. Third quarter defined benefit pension plan contributions totaled $223 million, including a $200 million to the U.S. plan that was incremental to our previous forecast. During the quarter we decided to take the additional contribution as a result of our strong cash flow. So that wraps up the financial review. To review the quarter, we achieved 3% organic sales growth. We delivered record earnings fueled by strong gross and operating margin improvement, and cash flow performances outstanding. Now, Ill turn it over to Tom.
Tom Falk: Thanks Mark and good morning everyone. Ill give you my perspective on our third quarter results and then Ill review the outlook for the balance of the year and then as usual, well move onto your questions. In short, we are executing very well and we are making excellent progress managing the factors that we can control, and thats led to a significant increase in our outlook for the year while we continue to do whats right to sustain our long-term growth. So let me start with our third quarter results. As you heard from Mark, our performance was very strong in a number of areas in the quarter, including significant margin improvement, all time record earnings per share, and outstanding cash generation. Our focus on revenue realization and cost reduction help deliver gross margin and operating margin expansion of more than 500 basis points each. We continue to manage net realized revenue well, and achieve third quarter selling price benefits of about 3%. In addition, cost saving performance and management overhead spending were excellent and they reflect our company wide focus on driving efficiencies across the organization. On the bottom line, earnings per share was a record $1.40, thats up to 37% compared to adjusted earning last year, and thats despite a 15% headwind from currency and a still relatively week economic environment. In terms of cash flow, Im very pleased to see our continued momentum here. Strong cash flow allows us to fund our growth initiatives and gives us additional flexibility as we maintain our strong balance sheet. Speaking of growth, we made additional progress with our targeted growth initiatives this quarter, and developing in emerging markets organic sales rose 10% primarily due to higher selling prices. Volumes rose 3%, up somewhat from the first half of the year. We continue to execute our growth plans in high potential markets like China, Russia and Latin America. I am very optimistic about our prospects in the DNE markets overall and they currently represent about one third of Kimberly Clarks total sales. In addition, our healthcare team delivered a terrific quarter with strong sales and profit growth. We also recently announced the acquisition of I Flow Corporation and Baylis Medicals pain management business. These transactions are consistent with our strategy to invest in the higher growth, higher margin medical device market. Then finally, the integration of Jackson Safety into our K-C Professional business is progressing well and we are introducing more innovation into our safety business. We also continue to strengthen our brands in the third quarter, several recent innovations delivered solid performance in the quarter including Huggies pure and natural dippers, gender-specific DEPEND products and our Lavender Night Trial exam gloves. We also supported our brands with a significant increase in strategic marketing spending. So all in all it was a terrific third quarter, and those results are spurring a significant improvement in our outlook for the year, and I will turn to that now. In terms of the economic environment, we are assuming that business conditions will remain stable for the balance of the year. As we have all year, well continue to focus on our core prior reason of improving margins, maximizing cash flow, pursuing targeted growth initiatives and then further building our brands. This mornings news release includes several updated planning assumptions for the year, and I wont repeat all the details, but the key changes are as follows. First our organic sales are now expected to grow about 3% and that compares to our previous assumption for the growth in the one to two percent range. The increase is coming from continued strong price realization, some volume growth in healthcare and the modest pick up in volume across the developing and emerging markets that we began to see in the third quarter. Second as Mark already mentioned, weve increased our cost savings targets for the year by $50 million, and third given the continued weakness of the US dollar currency effect should be less negative than we previously estimated. So in short, we are head of our plan for the year, we are raising our earnings guidance for the second consecutive quarter, we now expect earnings per share in 2009 will be in the range of $4.50 to $4.60 per share. We expect the fourth quarter to be a strong finish to the year, even though pulp and polymer costs are expected to increase sequentially from third quarter levels and promotional activity is anticipated to rise modestly. So based on our new outlook, we now expect full year earnings per share to grow from 9% to 11% compared to our adjusted earnings per share last year, and thats at the high end of or even slightly above our long range global business plan objective of mid to high single digit growth. So, longer term its our objective to consistently deliver results that are at least in line with our global business plan, while we continue to invest for future growth. To summarize, although the current environment continues to be difficult our worldwide teams are delivering excellent near term results. At the same time we are investing for our long term success. We are building a leaner, stronger and faster company and we are confident we have the right strategy to drive sustainable growth and shareholder value for many years to come. So that wraps up our prepared remarks, and now we would be happy to begin to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) our first question comes from Ali Dibadj from Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: I want to see if you could give a little bit more granularity on the emerging markets. It looks like, still a lot of pricing driving the growth there. You mentioned, Tom volume coming back a little bit it looks like, but they are still lower than, I guess anticipated at 4% for personal care and slightly down it sounds like in consumer tissue, so a little more granularity maybe breaking it up even by region might be helpful please.
Tom Falk: Yes. If you look at the markets we have been driving like China, Russia, Turkey you saw a consistent solid volume growth going on there. And the tissue front generally you saw more pushing for revenue realization. We got a little bit of volume growth this quarter, but overall continue to drive revenue growth. Some of the bigger markets like Australia and Korea are still relatively slower growing and so didnt see a huge volume up tick in either of those locations.
Ali Dibadj: So you are saying its trying to look a little bit better?
Mark Buthman: Well, Id say sequentially. If you look year over year from the kind of rates we were seeing in emerging markets a little over a year ago. But sequentially it seems like things were picking up. We had a terrific quarter in China for example.
Ali Dibadj: Okay. And it looks like both in the emerging markets, also I have seen in developed world a lot of the growth driven by pricing. I mean I guess I am a little surprised by that, I saw the competitive environment might step up a little bit given all the rhetoric for south and certainly given whats happened to commodities, it doesnt seem like you are seeing that, are you anticipating more of that or am I just reading it wrong?
Mark Buthman: Well, I would say in emerging markets often pricing and currency are sort of mirror images of each other. So the dollar was relatively strong, you saw a lot more price particularly as many of the underlying commodities that go into these products are sold are priced in dollars. So the dollar has weakened over the last couple of months and certainly heading into the fourth quarter, I would expect to see that pricing improvement weigh in certainly.
Ali Dibadj: And then the developed world?
Mark Buthman: Developed world, really we basically hung on to most of the price increases, and as you see commodity cost move up pretty consistently this year and now most of the price increases have annualized. The noise level has died down a little bit. You are seeing some retailer price movement where they are taking price down on their own account to stimulate them in some areas. You are seeing a little bit of price points around promotion prices in tissue, which will be responsive to in the fourth quarter, but broadly in personal care the pricing dynamic has died down quite a bit.
Ali Dibadj: Are you surprised by that at all?
Mark Buthman: Well I think whats happened is, as the branded prices got established and oil has hung in where it has and a lot of the commodities have stayed up there all year now private label has actually moved up on price broadly, probably six months after the branded guys did you are seeing relative stability at this point in time.
Ali Dibadj: And I am sorry, last question just on consumer tissue. Looks like that still, you mentioned it pretty topline volumes for sure. Whats the plan of action going forward either at around pricing more pricing more promotion that we dont actually start seeing negative volumes going forward?
Tom Falk: Yes I think the area we probably had the biggest volume hits this quarter and in the US in particular were on towels and in facial tissue. Bath tissue overall was broadly okay, we would like to see a little bit better mix with Cottonelle, so we will be focusing primarily on Cottonelle on a facial tissue business to make sure we have got those on track and that we have got some targeted programs on towels or some innovation happening on Viva and some other things that will rollout late this year and the next year to get those moving in the right direction.
Ali Dibadj: Okay. Thanks.
Tom Falk: Thanks Ali.
Operator: Next question comes from Chris Ferrara - Bank of America
Tom Falk: Hi Chris.
Chris Ferrara: Hey guys how are you?
Tom Falk: Pretty good.
Chris Ferrara: For things like production curtailments hitting it by I think $0.23 this year, restructuring $0.26 and incremental pension $0.26. It obviously looks like you have somewhat of head start in 2010 and I think thats kind of a debater on the stock. So, I guess what is your philosophical perspective on, I guess sort of balancing reinvestment and delivering results that are just in line with the global business plan versus letting some stuff dropped to the bottom line, how are you thinking about that?
Mark Buthman: Yes. I mean for me Chris, I would like to be in a position to consistently deliver and the global business plan kind of levels for a long period of time and I think that thats the right way to create shareholder value. And so, we were very aggressive on cost this year and to really react to the economic environment, and hopefully that will set itself up to deliver on the global business plan and be able to invest in innovation and the future of the business to the levels that we would like.
Chris Ferrara: Right. I guess, but it sort of seems like, I mean given all of the drags that you have in 2009 right. As you get into 2010, it seems like either one of two things has to happen; either some of the stuff drops to the bottom-line or you are going to have plenty of room to reinvest at a greater rate than you have seen even this year, I mean does that make sense?
Mark Buthman: Well I think we are also seeing some the commodity cost acceleration thats happened in the fourth quarter, and well see how that plays out and we will give you more color on our 2010 planning assumptions in January.
Chris Ferrara: Got it, thanks. I guess one quick one and sort of a follow up, I mean you guys had been saying that private label had seemed to settle down, lose the momentum, and I think you are still sort of saying that now and the scanner data, and again given we know all the short comes of scanner data, it seems to show that private label has picked up pretty dramatically in most of the paper categories, at least in the track channel. Are you seeing a further separation in private label trends in track versus non track channels in tissue?
Mark Buthman: Yes. I mean we havent seen as big of a share pick up in our overall data that we look at on a total market basis. You are seeing a little bit in towels, thats probably been in the biggest area, and then maybe secondly would be facial tissue; bath tissue broadly we are not seeing as big of a move.
Chris Ferrara: Got it, thank you.
Mark Buthman: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Linda Bolton Weiser with Caris & Company.
Linda Bolton Weiser: Hi, you commented that commodities inputs would be up sequentially from third to fourth quarter, but I am just wondering, I mean spot prices are up for things like plastic resin in the forth quarter, but will your cost actually be up or down generally in the forth quarter of 09 for commodities.
Mark Buthman: You talk sequentially or versus prior year.
Linda Bolton Weiser: Versus prior, year-over-year.
Tom Falk: Yes, versus prior year its kind of a mixed bag. You would say Northern Softwood will actually be higher versus prior year; eucalyptus and soft pulp used in the personal care business will actually still be lower, a lot of the polymer cost, its going to be pretty consistent with prior year, so it will up sequentially, but its going to be pretty consistent with where we were last year. You may have some upsides in things like super absorbent will be lower than prior year, even though they maybe up a little bit sequentially. So itll be kind of a mixed bag versus prior year, but itll all be up sequentially forth quarter versus third quarter.
Paul Alexander: Linda this is Paul. Our full year guidance for deflation of $600 million to $700 million and through nine months weve got about $525million. So overall as Tom described, we will still be getting some benefits.
Linda Bolton Weiser: Okay. But certainly I would think first quarter 2010 you are going to be looking at an increase year-over-year?
Paul Alexander: Yes.
Linda Bolton Weiser: Okay, and then can you just comment on the strategic spending, the spending of increase of $50 million, thats a pretty big number. I mean usually its a $20 million to $25 million increase. Is that kind of a right level or is that based on certain launch schedules? What can we kind of think about going forward?
Tom Falk: It was actually $30 million in actual P&L numbers, on constant currency it was $50. So, in terms of whether it actually hit the P&L, closer to the number that you had quote, Id say we are spending consistent with our marketing plan for the pretty much across the board, and so our teams are executing the plan well and using the opportunity to be able to drive some innovation behind our brands.
Linda Bolton Weiser: Okay, and then just can I ask about diaper pricing. We saw in our recent store tech a decline in shelf prices for both Pampers and Huggies of about 8% or so. Is that accurate or is that just Wall-Mart or is that promotion or what is that we are seeing?
Tom Falk: I think you are seeing selected retailers take prices down in some categories that they are funding for the most part, and so you have seen announcements by a number of a major mass and grocery retailers that they are going to spend back to try and stimulate traffic in the fourth quarter. So some of its funded by other promotion that we had scheduled, but that would only fund a portion of the reduction that you are seeing.
Linda Bolton Weiser: Okay, thank you very much.
Tom Falk: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays Capital
Tom Falk: Good morning Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: Thanks so much. Hi how are you?
Tom Falk: Pretty good.
Lauren Lieberman: Good. The first thing I wanted to ask about was why are you looking for such a significant sequential deterioration in margins, because margin this quarter as you said, across the board were actually the highest youve seen in years. So, what was unique about the third quarter? Essentially when you look at division sequentially do you think margin should be down?
Tom Falk: Well, our guidance it sort of implies that our margins for the fourth quarter will be consistent with the average year-to-date for the year roughly, and so lets say we are going to have some higher commodity costs, its probably going to be roughly $0.10 a share of drag, just from what we are seeing happening in pulp and polymer and oil carrying us forward. Weve gotten all the price probably that we are going to get, because most of those price increases went into effect on the third quarter, early fourth quarter of last year, so we have annualized most of that. So youll have some additional cost drag sequentially and not have any significant revenue up tick to help offset that.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. So has the pricing lapped or are you expecting an up tick in volume in the consumer businesses, simply because of the absence of pricing or is there something else you are seeing, because I am just having trouble actually getting to at least 3% if I assume theres not much pricing in the fourth quarter organic sales.
Tom Falk: Yes, I mean if you looked at our year-to-date price realization, its probably at or slightly above what we expect to get for the full year, in terms of the dollars that weve already realized.
Lauren Lieberman: Right. So, Im just trying to understand the volume outlook for the consumer businesses in Q4.
Tom Falk: I would say it will be pretty similar to Q3, maybe slightly better.
Mark Buthman: And remember, the fourth quarter of last year has easier comparisons of sale.
Lauren Lieberman: Right, okay. Then if I can just ask a bit about sort of the long term, I guess whats the long term plan when you think about the consumer tissue business, because margins are now fully recovered that the revenue realization strategy has absolutely worked, but now we are onto I think seven quarters of negative volume growth, and then its eight if you say flat or negative. So if we look into 2010 and beyond, what do you want this business to look like? Is it low single digit volume growth holding these margins; is it we dont care about revenue growth too much as long as weve got a healthy profit perspective.
Tom Falk: Well, I think what we are trying to do is really drive mix and innovation behind our strong brands and segments for where we think weve got a right to win. So looking at driving innovation behind Kleenex facial tissue, Cottonelle and Viva in the US, weve got a strong position in Scott tissue with a very loyal consumer base, so well hold that, and well drive more of our innovation and try and shift our mix more towards those value added segments. We are doing that in markets like Brazil, where we had a lot of our business in the one ply value tissue segment, weve been able to shift that to the two ply premium tissue segment, and so you take sometimes a volume hit while you are going through that, but you get a huge revenue advantage and a gross margin advantage, and then youve got some room in the P&L to drive innovation and start to sell moist tissue, and start to sell other value added things that would go with that. So each of our tissue businesses around the world has a set of strategies around how do you do that, or have you got the permission to grow a premium segment and bring innovation, and how do you shift your existing capacity to that over time, as opposed to saying, no, we are going to keep the low end value position and we are going to go invest in added capacity to grow the premium segment. We are really trying to play more of a mixed game in tissue, to reposition our business to a place where we can make more money.
Lauren Lieberman: So structurally the margins of that business should be higher going forward than they were at 2000-2003 period.
Tom Falk: Yes, you think that. We went through a huge spike in pulp, that our challenge there is the more premium you can make it, the better you can insulate yourself from that, because if youve got really low gross margins, youve got nowhere to go once pulp moves.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, all right, thanks so much.
Tom Falk: Thanks Lauren.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Gere with RBC.
Jason Gere: Good morning guys.
Tom Falk: Good morning Jason.
Jason Gere: Just a question, I am wondering if you could just talk about, I think right now you have ongoing conversations with some of your key retailers for the plan on ground for next year. So kind of hearing a little bit more about some of these retailers pushing private label, so it kind of adds onto a question asked earlier. I mean, how do you feel going into early next year, may be talking about the innovation bringing out and in terms of shelf resets?
Tom Falk: Yes, what we have seen up to this point in all of our conversations with key retailers, is they want innovation on the shelf and so they are driving to get that, but they also want a more efficient shelf. So they may not want you to have four different pack sized variants of the exact same product. They are going to push you to say, can you do that with two or can you do that with three, so I can make room for more innovation to be on the market place and then they look at private label as a margin gain. So they are trying to balance velocity and growth and innovation with margin, like many of the suppliers are. I would say broadly what weve found is, weve gotten the distribution we are looking for for our key innovation. If you look at the things weve done this year with Scott Naturals, with Huggies pure and natural, with our Depend for men and Depend for women, the gender specific launches, weve gotten all the distribution weve been seeking there and so far those things are performing about like we would have hopped.
Jason Gere: Okay, and then I guess on that same note. I mean clearly emerging markets is the strength right now in the portfolio, but that longer term three to five, this year you should hit the low end of the range. As price does roll off and I guess it goes back to an earlier question, can you just talk about maybe in some of the developed markets, the acceleration that you are anticipating? I mean is it really going to be more innovation driven, is it going to be a little bit more promotional driven, getting back into that three to five swing?
Tom Falk: Well, the goal is to drive more innovation. I mean thats where we are really going to build a sustainable long term advantage. Promotion, usually you are just kind of renting your consumer, and so with real innovation you can build your brand, and keep your business a lot longer.
Jason Gere: Okay, great thank you.
Tom Falk: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital Markets.
Tom Falk: Good morning Connie.
Connie Maneaty: Good morning. I also have questions about the volume declines in the US in consumer tissue and personal care. When would you expect to see volumes increase, because if my reading of it was right, everything declined with the exception of Depend. So when do you expect volumes to increase, and what do you think is a good long term growth rate in processing category?
Tom Falk: Well have easier comparisons in the fourth quarter for most of our North American consumer businesses. So we should start to see, particularly in personal care, better volume performance sequentially pretty much across the board. Id say in addition to Depend our baby life business I think is performing pretty well. You saw some better share performance there, and we will see what happens in tissue. Wed say within tissue, our bathroom tissue business was performed okay in the quarter, and the big weak spots were facial tissue and towel. So, we will have a better comparison sequentially as we start to head another fourth quarter.
Connie Maneaty: Okay, the decline in inventory days is very consistent all year and pretty remarkable. I mean are these days at 55, 57, are there good numbers going forward, can you run your business with this sort of inventory level?
Tom Falk: Well, we hope so, we are finding out as we speak, so a little bit of the volume soft spot in the third quarter. We were very aggressive on brining inventories down in the first half of the year as you noted, and we were a little tight on customer service in a couple of areas in the third quarter, and we are pretty much through that as we speak. One of the things our teams are focused on is how do we run the business with less inventory and you got to have good planning and forecasting processes, you got to have an efficient product line up, and you got to have the right capability to be able to make the broad part of your product line at multiple facilities to be able to do that. So, we are working on all three of those things to ensure that we can sustain our working capital performance going forward.
Connie Maneaty: Do you have specific targets for working capital?
Tom Falk: Well, each business has a long range target for working capital looking at where should the receivables be based on their credit terms, looking at each element of inventory, and how they can target to get to a certain days of inventory in their system, and then managing payables. Maybe Mark can elaborate on that, add a little bit more color on that.
Mark Buthman: Yes Connie, we have set both near and longer terms targets for all the businesses around the world. If you think about how we progressed this year, really the US and Europe provided most of the working capital jump in the first half of the year, a lot of the third quarter benefit came from developing and emerging markets, and they have got some really aggressive plans. You can imagine that their supply chains are a little longer, a little more complex, so we have got actually room to continue to improve in the developing an emerging markets. In things like terms of suppliers in this environment, we are not just looking at inventories, but we are looking at customer collections in terms of suppliers. So, each of the businesses in each of the geographies around the world have both near and long term objective that they are trying to drive.
Connie Maneaty: Okay, I just have got one more question; how much of the third quarter upsize would you attribute to things that are not likely to repeat next year, swine flu related sales?
Tom Falk: Well, we gave you a kind of the dimension, it was about 40% of the healthcare volume improvement, but I would say there are so many big moving parts with whats going on with commodity cost and currency that its a difficult question to answer. I think if you look at the P&L and say there wasnt anything that was really unusual that was in the numbers, it was a pretty clean quarter from that perspective, we hope the economic environment is a little better by this time next year, so youll see a little bit better underlying volume growth. As to the cost and currency, it seems like its tough to call that even one quarter out, so we will see what environment we are in when we get there.
Connie Maneaty: Okay, many thanks.
Tom Falk: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Karen LaMark with Federated Investors.
Karen LaMark: Good morning. Going back to the swine flu, the strength in healthcare, do you have visibility to help sustained that volume. I mean how much youre sort of stocking up as opposed to using the products and reordering them?
Tom Falk: Well, its hard to tell. One of things we have been doing though is working for months now with our key hospital partners to help them plan for what they think they are going to need to be ready for the kind of crisis that we are seeing now, and many of the more progressive healthcare institutions have done just that. I think everyone is sort of finding their way through this. We would guess theyd all say the swine flu would spread faster and farther than maybe was anticipated, and so we are having ongoing dialogue as to how we can continue to be there and supply our key partners. So our guess is, it will carry into early 2010 at this point in time, but probably begin to weigh in as we get into the latter part of the first quarter, but we will just have to watch and see what happens.
Karen LaMark: Okay, and then separately, how much of the FORCE savings in your upward guidance savings is kind of unsustainable if we assume that there is an economic recovery and volumes improved. I am just sort of coming at it with the assumption that some of the savings are volume related or depressed growth related, and therefore they may not be sustainable.
Tom Falk: No, I mean usually when we are taking downtime it actually hurts our FORCE productivity number. So we werent very aggressive at our FORCE program this year and in this kind of a weak environment we were very aggressive with our suppliers and got probably better than expected negotiated cost savings. I also think part of our FORCE benefit this year as comparing to last year, we werent very good on productivity. We had a lot of unscheduled downtown and maintenance failures and things like that. So just the comparisons have helped us a little bit this year, but as we look at our long range supply chain, we continue to believe weve got a very strong FORCE program going forward for years to come, probably not at the same level that we saw this year, more in the range of the $150 million a year that weve traditionally done. So we pushed it harder this year and we will be at the very high end of our expectations, but we have got a good robust pool of cost savings ahead of us.
Karen LaMark: Great thanks very much.
Tom Falk: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from William Bill Schmitz with the Deutsche Bank Securities
Tom Falk: Good morning Bill.
William Schmitz: Hi, good morning. I wanted to say this for a long time, but you guys are in a roll.
Tom Falk: There is no extra charge for the comedy.
William Schmitz: So, Wall-Marts meeting yesterday, they were talking about big price free investment, I mean what are the implication for you guys in the industry about some of this pretty aggressive commentary?
Tom Falk: Youve seen it not just with them, I mean safely it was thrown as of the same kind of a program, so if you are seeing multiple retailers really seeing probably their sales being a little stagnant and they are spending price to go try to stimulate demand from a competitive standpoint. I mean our focus is more on trying to drive innovation and differentiation and not compete on price. We are going to be competitive obviously where we need to be, but thats not a good way to differentiate yourself.
William Schmitz: Got you, then it just seems like you are kind of taking more of a premium tack now. So like as an example that Scott told, I think Target pretty much de-listed out of Walgreen, dramatically taken back at CVS, I think the ECB is down to 25%. So like, is this a conscious decision by the company to kind of focus more on the premium tier?
Tom Falk: Well, I think when you are finding those is maybe more focused on distribution. If you were in Sams club you would find a very good selection of Scott towels, and weve still got good distribution in Wal-Mart and so, what you are finding is that different outlets are deciding how they want to play in carrying fewer brands, but then you are winning in some places and you are gaining what you lost at other places. So we still think there is a role for Scott towel to play in the segment. Its a terrific towel, and its in the value statement and its one that we are going to continue to sustain, but we are probably going to focus more of our innovation resources on how do we drive Viva where there is more revenue opportunity, more opportunity to differentiate.
William Schmitz: Okay. So its kind of a conscious decision, because he also talked about driving Cottonelle as well. So, it seems like the whole portfolio is kind of migrating close to premium size up there.
Tom Falk: Yes. Thats not really a new phenomena I would say, where you we can get better margin, thats where you want to drive more of your innovation and focus.
Mark Buthman: I would say around the world too. Weve got a multi-tier diaper strategy in many of our developing and emerging markets and make good money across those tiers. I think partly its market driven as well as just our conscious portfolio choices.
William Schmitz: Okay great, thanks very much.
Tom Falk: Thanks Bill.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Tom Falk: Good morning Alice.
Alice Longley: Hi good morning, I have one housekeeping question, which is, your organic growth was 3%, can we break that down by geographic regions? In other words I think organic growth in North America adjusting out currency and the acquisition which may be flat, is that true?
Tom Falk: Paul can give you some of the details on geographic area. I dont know if weve got it.
Paul Alexander: Yes that sounds about right Alice. We can talk in detail separately. We tend to look at it by segment, by geography.
Alice Longley: Yes, I know. And was it sort of down 2% and you are up 10% in developing markets.
Paul Alexander: Yes, thats about right. It was up 10% in developing markets.
Alice Longley: Okay perfect. Then, I only have one other question and thats on diapers and training pants; you are saying that your volume was down 3% for Huggies and down 7% for Childcare, and yet you held share. Can you explain to me, is the consumer purchasing thats really down that much for those categories or are you shipping FORCE than your sales of retail; in other words retailer would still be stocking?
Tom Falk: No, in training pants what you could also see is weve got little swimmers in there, and so sequentially you are going from second to third quarter, you will always see a dip from that standpoint. As you look at pull ups overall, the category is declining some and so thats part of the phenomena as moms are saying and diapers are a little bit longer. On diapers our shares was pretty flat year-over-year, and that volume swing could track retailer inventory or a level of promotion. If you shift in a lot prior to the end of a quarter for a promotion, you could see a swing like that.
Mark Buthman: I would also say dollar shares are flat year-on-year. The value segment may have taken a little bit more volume, it could be an exercise too.
Alice Longley: So you may have lost share in volume terms but held it in dollar terms.
Tom Falk: Perhaps, but if we did it would have been very small.
Mark Buthman: Pretty minor.
Alice Longley: Its hard to think that people are actually using less diapers in volume terms, particularly because people are using less.
Tom Falk: Yes. I would say the overall category is pretty flat for the year. So within a quarter though you can see a couple of percent swing either way. There have been quarters where we had better volume growth and our share was also flat and so, just you are going to see a little bit of noise from retailer inventory change there in the data.
Alice Longley: Okay. Thank you.
Tom Falk: Thanks
Operator: Our next question comes from John Faucher with J.P. Morgan.
Tom Falk: Hello, John.
John Faucher: Good morning. Quick question for me; obviously trends came in better than you anticipated over the course of the quarter. So can you talk a little bit about that incremental $50 million in strategic marketing spending? Where that came in relative, so what you guys were thinking at the beginning of the quarter? I guess that highlights just sort of why you maybe didnt take the opportunity to spend a little bit more back. Then, the second question would be related to the gross margin. Its the first time I think in basically seven years you guys have had a 35% plus gross margin. I realize you are going to see inflation coming back a little bit here, but can you talk to us about sort of an absolute gross margin number and how we should think about that over the next, not the next quarter or two, but really over the next two or three years?
Tom Falk: Yes. On the gross margins front, we certainly feel good about being back close to where we were four or five year ago after having seen margins drop for almost five years straight, seeing a nice bounce back felt good. So obviously those sustaining gross margins of these kind of levels and even growing beyond that is our long range goal. Its a question of how long it will take to get there. I think our GDP would call for gross margin improvement in the 30 to 40 basis points a year, and similar improvement in operating margin, and we think thats probably a realistic goal for us long term to be thinking about. So thats what we focus on. In terms of the A&P front, we basically spend to our plan for the year, and so as the quarter unfolded obviously things would turn out a little better than we thought. The challenge is if you reinvest, you want to reinvest with a fact, and get good ROI from the spent and not just dump money into the marketplace. So we spend where we thought we had an impact, where we could drive innovation, and where we had the ability to support the business if we were able to drive volume. So, Id say that the team is executing the plan pretty well as the years unfolded.
John Faucher: Okay. Thanks.
Tom Falk: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse.
Chip Dillon: Hey good morning, and great numbers. According to my calculation this is like your best, this will be your best year since 1999.
Tom Falk: Hey thanks Chip.
Chip Dillon: Yes, which means its your best year too in your current feed.
Tom Falk: Yes.
Chip Dillon: Hey, one thing that struck me was the KC Professional sequential improve in revenue, which was quite a jump. When you consider the time of the year usually you think of it, I always think of the second being stronger than the third, but was there anything unusual there that you saw that might maybe be inductive of the economy and why do you think the revenues jump so much sequentially there?
Tom Falk: We had the Jackson Safety acquisition, which begun to be blunted in there, and so that was a little bit of it. We continue to see the year-over-year benefit of price, so we had some pretty big price in the forth quarter of last year and so thats going to annualize coming up here, but we have been able to hang on to most of that. If you look at the US and European business, you are still seeing volumes down pretty substantially. I just was in Europe a few weeks go with our team over there, and its not that anybody is losing business to anybody, its just the customers dont need as much because of the unemployment level; we dont have many people in the workplace. So Id say that hasnt changed that much. Emerging markets picked up a bit in the quarter, so we saw a better performance in KCP outside of the US and Europe this quarter from a volume standpoint, and that might be a bit of the up tick that you saw.
Chip Dillon: Got you, and I dont know if you mentioned this earlier, I got on a little bit late, but on the pension you obviously put a lot of money in this year, and I would guess you timed the market pretty fractiously. I know its early days and you measure it at year end, and I know interest rates are up and those all have impacts, but do you have an early
Mark Buthman: The interest rates are down actually.
Chip Dillon: I mean down, excuse me, which makes the liability go up, excuse me. But as you take an early look at next year, can you give us a rough idea. I would imagine that the level of contribution if things stay where they are, they would be substantially lower, and any guess as to what the actual dispensing change would be?
Tom Falk: Yes. If we are continuing at the kind of rate that weve earned this year, and with the money that we put into the plan, and where we think the discount this kind of rate will fall, we would have substantially lower contributions to the US plan in 2010. Remember weve also decided to close the US plan at the end of this year, and so, that further helps the liability a bit and all thats been disclosed in the Q. Going forward, you can kind of do the math with whats in there. We expect to see a drop in pension expense and we will give you more color on what that looks like in January.
Chip Dillon: Okay, and then just finally, could you talk a little bit about how you see next year if we froze things today. You gave us your, sort of pulp outlook for the fourth quarter, and what you expect your cost to be. If we assume the dollar stayed at these levels and it didnt go up or down, do you think that the pulp fiber headwind is bigger than the currency tailwind, is it too early to tell, how do you look at that going into 2010?
Tom Falk: Well, again, as it has been the case over the last number of quarters, big moving pieces, and so it seems like everyday they are moving a bit more. So we will give you more specific guidance in 2010. At this point in time we think we have done the right things in 2009 to give us the momentum that we need to thrive in whatever environment we are going to face next year. So we think weve got the organization where we want it to be, we are stepping up our innovation in key areas, and so we think we will enter the year with a decent level of momentum.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Sawyer with Goldman Sachs.
Tom Falk: Good morning Andrew.
Andrew Sawyer: Good morning guys. I was just wondering, since we touched extensively on the tissue and personal care businesses, I was wondering if you could touch a bit on the healthcare deals that you guys have done, and I guess we are starting to see you guys broaden beyond into kind of low end medical devices, is this a strategic shift, is this a place where we expect to see you guys invest more capital going forward. I was wondering if you can just kind of frame up what the thinking is on some of the deals that you are doing there. Thanks.
Tom Falk: Yes, sure. The Baylis deal is one that interestingly weve been selling those products in the US as their exclusive distributors since 2001. So we really acquired the US distribution part of Baylis with the ballot acquisition back in 2001, and so that license was going to expire at the end of this year. Baylis wanted to sell the rest of their business and so, we looked at that as an opportunity to basically retain the value of what we had and even integrate it further into our business. So that one was a very easy logical extension and should be a pretty straightforward integration. On the I-Flow deal, because its subject of a tender offer at the moment, I cant say too much about the integration, but it is consistent with our view to continue to extend our business in the medical devices. We think theres a substantial capacity in the I-Flow sales force, but we can continue to bring a broader bundle of innovation too and should help us increase our scale and our call point access at the key position call point. So we are excited about both deals and we think they are on trend and consistent with our healthcare strategy.
Andrew Sawyer: Yes, just kind of from a broader perspective and healthcare is only 6% or 7% of your revenues now. Is this a business thats going to be 10% plus of your revenues in five years if you pursue a more aggressive acquisition strategy?
Tom Falk: Well, I think this is the first time in a while that weve actually seen some deals that a strategic buyer can get near, because there arent many private equity guys around. So in this environment we may see some opportunities, but our healthcare team will be busy for a while integrating these two deals and then well see what else comes along. I think 10% might be a stretch, but we are certainly looking to grow that as a percent of our mix a bit over time.
Andrew Sawyer: All right. Well, thanks a lot guys.
Tom Falk: Thanks Andrew.
Operator: Our next comes from Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital
Lauren Lieberman: Oh thanks, I didnt expect to quite get back in. Just quickly then on pricing dynamics and the away from home business, was that also under the halo what you said earlier, that the pricing sort of rolling off your lap and everything, but there was pulp going the wrong way. Are you still going to be taking more pricing away from home business?
Mark Buthman: Well, you have contracts that roll over everyday in that business, and so you are still getting some price, but its at a much lower level and well see as there are lot of things that roll over in December and we will see how that plays out. What I would say at this point is that obviously the strength in secondary fiber helps us as we are going through this kind of a pricing discussion, and we will see if it will help us get a little bit more price as we push through the rest of the year.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. And then I dont know if youll share this, but whats the rough geographic mix of that business, US, Europe been developing?
Tom Falk: Paul can probably give you a broad, because most of it is in US and Europe, the DNE is still pretty small percentage, but...
Paul Alexander: Yes DNE is something like 15% or 20% of the total business.
Lauren Lieberman: And then US and Europe split half and half of the rest?
Paul Alexander: No, its much more exposed to North American than Europe.
Lauren Lieberman with Barclays Capital: But Europe is bigger than DNE?
Paul Alexander: Yes.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from Linda Bolton Weiser - Caris & Company.
Tom Falk: Hi Linda.
Linda Bolton Weiser: Hi. Just I was curious that youre expected annualized savings from the organization optimization is a little bit lower than originally stated, is that because the headcount reduction is less? I cant remember what you said in terms of this, was it 1600 positions before?
Tom Falk: Yes, I think some of its fine tuning estimates and particularly in DNE were getting down to actual salaries and so forth of who is leaving. So Id say thats about all I read into. Basically we are executing the plan as we had laid out, so.
Linda Bolton Weiser: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next comes from Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital Markets
Connie Maneaty: Hi, just one follow-up; in the fourth quarter you mentioned you were going to have specific initiative on consumer tissue, can you talk a little bit about what that is?
Tom Falk: I dont think we said a specific, we continue to spend money promoting Cottonelle and driving that business forward. Weve got some innovation coming, probably be more like first quarter in some of our other tissue categories. We are rolling out our facial tissue improvement as we speak across the main line of facial tissue, but other than I am not aware of anything specific that weve talked about.
Connie Maneaty: Okay, thanks.
Operator: At this time we have no further questions.
Paul Alexander: Alright, thanks David. Ill turn it over to Tom for a quick closing comment.
Tom Falk: Well, once again we had a terrific quarter. Our team is executing well. We feel great about the earnings growth and cash flow and margin improvement, and we continue to appreciate your support of Kimberly Clark. Thank you.
Paul Alexander: Thank you.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Masseth - VP of IR Mark Buthman - SVP and CFO Tom Falk - Chairman and CEO
Analysts: Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein Chris Ferrara - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Wendy Nicholson - Citi Investment Research Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Linda Bolton Weiser - Caris & Company Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Scott Scher - Clovis Capital Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Masseth. Mr. Masseth, you may begin, sir.
Mike Masseth: We appreciate your interest in Kimberly-Clark. With us today are Tom Falk, CEO; Mark Buthman; Senior VP and CFO; and Randy Vest, Vice President and Controller. Here is the agenda for today's call. Mark will start with a review of our second quarter results. Then, Tom will provide his perspective on the results for the quarter, and then discuss our 2009 outlook. That will leave us plenty of time for Q&A. For those wishing to follow along, we have a presentation of today's materials in the Investor section of our website, which is www.kimberly-clark.com. First, let me remind you that we'll be making forward-looking statements during the call today. There can be no assurance that future events will occur as anticipated or that the company's results will be as estimated. Please refer to the risk factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a description of factors that could cause our future results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. I'd also like to point out that when discussing 2009 results, we will be comparing to adjusted results in 2008, which exclude charges for the strategic cost reduction plan that we completed last year and an extraordinary loss. Management believes that reporting in this manner enables investors to better understand and analyze our ongoing results of operations. For additional information on why we made these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP, see today's news release and additional information on our website. Now I'll turn it over to Mark.
Mark Buthman: I hope you had a chance to review our news release this morning with all the details of our results. I'm going to briefly review the quarter and I'll start with a few headlines. First, organic sales growth was nearly 3% in the quarter. That was more than offset by the impact of the stronger US dollar. Second, we delivered 350 basis points of gross margin improvement, driven by our focus on revenue realization, lower input costs and strong cost savings. Meanwhile, operating profit and earnings per share both declined somewhat, primarily due to significant currency effects and severance costs to streamline the organization, which we took on the quarter. Third, cash provided by operations was up 32% to an all-time record of nearly $1 billion. Now, let me get into the details of the quarter, starting with sales. Overall sales decreased about 6% to $4.7 billion, including a currency drag of more than 8%. Organic growth of nearly 3% was driven by our focus on improving net realized revenue, which led to an approximate five-point gain in net selling prices. Total sales volumes were down about 2%, reflecting the challenging economic environment, as well as our continued emphasis on price realization. Turning to the top-line for each of our segments, I'll start with Personal Care. Sales were down 2%, including a nine-point currency headwind. Organic growth of approximately 7% was driven by higher net selling prices of about 6% and one-point of improved product mix. North American organic sells fell about 3%. Volumes were down more than 4%, but were partially offset by higher net selling prices of approximately 2%. The volume decrease came mostly in Huggies diapers and our child care brands. Huggies volumes were off versus double-digit growth last year and child care reflected continuing softness in the category. That said, volumes in both businesses were in line with our expectations and market shares improved one to two points sequentially compared to the first quarter. Moving to Europe, Personal Care organic sales increased about 6%. Volumes were up about 10%, with improved performance of Huggies diapers in Poland and in our core markets in Western Europe, as selling prices were down about 4% as the promotional environment continues to be very competitive in Europe. In developing and emerging markets, Personal Care organic sales rose 17%. Net selling prices increased over 14% and product mix contributed one-point of growth. In addition, volumes increased about 2%, as despite lower diaper volumes in Australia. Volume highlights included double-digit growth in China, Russia, Turkey and in Vietnam. Now, turning to Consumer Tissue, sales were down 8%, including a nine-point drag from currency. Net selling prices were up approximately 4%, while volumes fell about 3% and were broadly impacted by our continued focus on revenue realization, some category weakness and consumer trade-down. In North America, net sales were even with the year ago period. Higher net selling prices of nearly 5% and slightly improved product mix were offset by lower volumes across all categories. Net selling prices reflect the increases we took last year, partially offset by somewhat higher promotional spending. Switching to Europe, Consumer Tissue organic sales fell about 1%. Net selling prices and product mix were each nearly 1% lower, while sales volumes increased almost 1%. In the developing and emerging markets, Consumer Tissue organic sales increased nearly 6%. Net selling prices rose more than 8%, as we've aggressively focused on improving our profitability. Mix was up by about a point in the quarter with volumes off almost 4%. Now, moving to K-C Professional and Other, sales decreased about 12%, including seven points from currency. We generated three points of growth from higher net selling prices and two points of growth came from improved mix. However, sales volumes were down by nearly 10%, reflecting the challenging economic environment. Lastly, Healthcare segment sales were up approximately 9%. Organic growth of 13% was driven by higher volumes of 14%, while net selling prices were lower by 1%. Healthcare volumes were up in most product categories, including double-digit growth in exam gloves for the fifth consecutive quarter. In addition to strong underlying performance in the business, nearly half of the total volume growth in the quarter came from increased global demand for face masks as a result of the H1N1 flu virus. Now, moving to profit margin and cost savings, gross margins improved nicely from 29.8% a year ago to 33.3% as we benefited from price realization, great cost savings performance and lower input costs of about $180 million. That's the third consecutive quarter of year-on-year gross margin improvement. Second quarter operating profit fell approximately 8% to $609 million with an operating margin of 12.9%. Results included negative currency effects of about $125 million and severance charges to streamline the organization of $110 million. In addition, pension expense increased almost $50 million and we incurred production curtailment that reduced operating profit by about $45 million as we took further actions to improve inventory levels. Meanwhile, we continue to invest behind our brands, with strategic marketing up by nearly $40 million in local currency terms in the quarter. All-in-all, even though margins were down, I'm encouraged by our performance, considering the 230 basis point drag from the severance costs we incurred in the quarter. Now, turning to cost savings, we had a strong quarter with total savings of $83 million. That brings our cost savings for the first half of the year to $128 million. In terms of the strategic cost reduction plan, we realized $16 million of benefit from activities that were completed in 2008. Our ongoing FORCE program generated savings of $67 million in the quarter, including strong benefits from sourcing and supply chain activities and a generally lower level of spending at some of our facilities compared to last year. We're now expecting to deliver at least $200 million in total savings this year. That's $50 million higher than our original target for the year. I'm really pleased with the overall cost savings focus in the organization. It's helping to drive our gross margin and it's a key reason we've raised our earnings outlook for 2009. Now, let's look briefly at second quarter segment operating margins. Underlying performance was really strong, with margins up year-on-year in Consumer Tissue, K-C Professional and Healthcare despite the severance costs that we incurred. Personal Care margins were also healthy at nearly 19% even with 190 basis point drag from severance charges. Now, turning to cash flow, cash provided by operations was outstanding. We increased cash flow by 32% to $997 million. That's an all-time record even with defined benefit plan contributions of more than $400 million. The growth was driven by significant working capital reductions and higher cash earnings. In terms of working capital, we improved our cash conversion cycle by 10 days compared to the first quarter, including considerable progress with inventory levels. I have to say that both Tom and I are very proud of the entire organization's efforts to deliver cost savings and improve our working capital position and the results are clearly evident in our cash flow this quarter. So that wraps up the financial review. To recap the quarter, we delivered 3% organic sales growth, gross margin and cost savings performance was very strong, and we delivered excellent cash flow. I'll turn it over to Tom.
Tom Falk: I'll give you my perspective on our second quarter results, and then I'll review the outlook for the rest of the year. Then we'll move on and get to your questions. In short, we're executing well in a difficult environment and we're making excellent progress in managing the factors that we control. That's leading to an improved earnings outlook for 2009, while we continue to do what's right for the long-term health of Kimberly-Clark. So, let me begin with our second quarter results. As you heard from Mark, business conditions remain challenging in the quarter. The recession has impacted demand in our business, most notably in K-C Professional and Consumer Tissue, and the weak foreign currencies continue to depress our results. In this environment, our market positions have held up pretty well overall, especially if you compare the latter part of 2008. Looking at our US market shares in the second quarter, our shares improved sequentially compared to the first quarter in nearly all of our major categories, with particularly good progress in Personal Care. On that same basis, private label shares were flat or down again in nearly all of our categories, continuing the trend from last quarter. On the bottom-line, while our results were down somewhat in the second quarter, our underlying performance was very encouraging when you consider the offsets from currency, pension expense and the 18% drag from the charges for our organization optimization initiative. In addition, we also made significant progress in the quarter with our 2009 priorities. First, we continued to pursue our targeted growth initiatives. In developing and emerging markets, organic sales rose 12% in the quarter as we've aggressively raised prices over the last year to recover inflationary cost increases. While sales volumes have moderated a little in the near term, we continue to deliver strong volume growth in several high-potential markets like China and Russia. So I remain very optimistic about our growth prospects in the developing and emerging markets overall. In addition, our Healthcare team delivered very good results in the quarter, both in the top and bottom-line, and that bodes well for our future in that business. Second, we continue to strengthen our brands. We launched several innovations in the quarter and we supported our brands with a sizable increase in strategic marketing spending. Third, our focus on improving profitability is starting to pay off. I'm pleased to see the strong gross margin improvement we delivered in the second quarter, although in some cases our sales volumes have been impacted by our focus on revenue realization. That's a good short-term trade-off to improve our profitability. Moreover, our cost savings performance was excellent, as our teams have responded very well to the call to deliver incremental savings in a tough economic environment. Fourth, cash provided by operations was outstanding in the quarter, as Mark has already highlighted for you. We are reaping the benefits from our actions to improve working capital, particularly with our inventory levels. So, all-in-all, I'm encouraged by our achievements in a number of areas. Now let me turn to the outlook. Based on what we've experienced so far, we expect business conditions to remain challenging for the rest of the year. In this environment, we remain focused on improving margins, maximizing our cash flow, pursuing targeted growth initiatives, and further building brands and key capabilities that support our sustainable growth. Moreover, we're accelerating cost reductions and driving our organization efficiency. Last month's organization announcement is further evidence of our commitment to improve our competitive position. Although this initiative will be a net drag on earnings this year, it has a quick payback and it will improve our underlying profitability and cash flow, and put us in a better position to take advantage of future growth opportunities. This morning's news release includes several updated planning assumptions for the year, so I won't repeat all the details here. The bottom line is that we're ahead of our plan for the year and we're raising our earnings guidance accordingly. We now expect earnings per share in 2009 will be in a range of $4.10 to $4.25 per share. That's up from our previous estimate of $4 to $4.20, even though our new guidance includes the net drag of about $0.15 per share from our organization optimization initiative. So we are more than overcoming that impact, primarily as a result of our strong focus on generating additional cost savings and improving net selling prices. A partial recovery in currency rates is also expected to provide a modest boost to our earnings compared to our previous guidance. Our updated outlook means that earnings in the back half of the year should be up nicely compared to both the first half of this year and the second half of 2008. To summarize, although the current environment continues to be difficult, I am encouraged by the progress that we're making. Our K-C teams around the world are taking aggressive steps to improve near-term results while also continuing to deploy our global business plan strategies for long-term success. We're building a leaner, stronger and faster company, and we have the right strategies in place to drive sustainable growth and deliver improved shareholder returns. So that wraps up our prepared remarks. Now we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: I was a little surprised about how well pricing held in. I'm trying to understand how you expect that going forward. First, maybe help us out trying to differentiate pricing in the US versus non-US, and second of all, I'm trying to get a sense of competitive promotional activity you are expecting going forward or that maybe you have not seen so far.
Tom Falk: If you look in the US in particular, starting in the Personal Care categories, particularly in diapers, which is where most of the pricing action typically happens, it looks like the price increases that we've taken that others have followed are mostly holding. We did some work in the first part of the year getting our strategic price points reset. We have our big box typically on sale for just under $20 and our jumbo pack is just under $10, and those are the right price points that we think make sense in the category. It now looks like there's actually going to be some very modest private label increases via count reduction, which would be a sign that they are actually going to narrow the gap versus branded. We talked about on the last call how we're going to be watching private label shares as a sign as to how healthy the category was from a pricing standpoint and private label shares have continued to trend down modestly and branded shares have generally trended up. So I'd say in Personal Care, I feel pretty good about where we're at from a pricing standpoint. In the first quarter call, when oil was more in the $40 range, there was a lot more noise about it than there has been lately when oil has been bouncing off $60 and $70 a barrel type ranges. On the tissue front, probably a little bit more of a mixed bag. You are seeing some more hot feature prices there, probably more trade spend happening there. Generally the price increases have been implemented, but there's a fair amount of those categories that are done on deal, and so you're seeing still some fairly hot promotional price points. So, I'd say partial implementation in tissue, and pulp starting to tick up a little bit, so you'd like to think that that's going to stabilize in the back half of the year. So that's kind of the major US categories, Ali. K-C Professional, which is our other big area where we took a fair amount of price, again, there most of the price increases have been holding. We haven't seen really any significant price dealt back in that market.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Non-US?
Tom Falk: Non-US, there has been more of a currency play where you've had high currency deflation relative to the dollar. You've seen pretty aggressive pricing. So in some Latin America markets, we've seen pretty aggressive price taken, some of the Asian markets as well. That's been pretty well played out by everybody. I think you'll just have to watch and see what the dollar does in the second half to tell what might happen to pricing in those markets.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: I feel like you are a little surprised by the way pricing has held in, for example, lowering a little bit of your volume guidance going forward. My sense was maybe last time we chatted on a conference call, you felt like pricing may come down a little bit more. Now you don't feel like that's an issue anymore. Is that the right feeling? Is that based on commodity costs or is that based on branded private label competitors, how has your mindset changed?
Tom Falk: Certainly watching private label shares perform in the last couple of quarters gives us more confidence we're on the right track. As we've adjusted price points and categories together on strategic price points, we've seen that play out as we would have indicated. That was probably a little bit more uncertain. Obviously the strength of some of the commodity costs, you are starting to see things turn back up has told us that you're not really looking to roll things back in that kind of an environment either. So it's been a combination of all of those factors. You had to pick the biggest one of those, that who are really watching the market position and what's happening with the consumer most closely.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Switching gears a little bit to cost savings, can you talk a little bit about your cost savings trajectory, certainly as you get to the backend of this year and beyond? You are cutting more this year than anticipated. You have done a big restructuring. Is that acceleration of future cost cutting or is that incremental to what it would have been? I know it's a tough question, but trying to get a better sense of that.
Tom Falk: I think that we certainly saw the difficult economic environment coming and said we've got to be more aggressive than we've ever been. So there's an element of it that is certainly probably beyond where we may have gone on a normal cost reduction trajectory. Our challenge is to make sure we sustain it now. So as we go through this as the economy starts to get better, whenever that happens later this year, early next year that we hang on to the supply chain savings, that we hang on to our sourcing savings, that we keep our organization lean and don't let ourselves add unnecessary headcount. So as we get through the implementation of this and we've still got some work to do to implement in the back half of this year, then our efforts are going to focus on how do we sustain it and even take it beyond where we're at today?
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: I guess that's kind of my question. Is there still the same level of sustainable cost cutting going forward before you are doing these bigger cost cuttings currently?
Tom Falk: We still think we've got opportunities to get more efficient in our businesses around the world. So we've still got lots of work to do to take costs out of our supply chain and eliminate unnecessary work wherever we can.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Ferrara with Bank of America.
Chris Ferrara - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: I don't think we've seen inventory days as low as 59 at least by my calculation in years, if ever. What does that speak to the opportunity to do more curtailment absent volumes falling off a cliff from here? Will we see more curtailment? Do you want to go even further than where you are now?
Tom Falk: I think for our current level of capability, we've taken inventory down about as far as we can. So I think as we go forward, the things we are going to be focusing on is how do we make sure that we continue to get our SKU line-up to be even more efficient, how do we get even better at our sales forecasting and demand planning processes? How do we build our capability to grade change faster and cycle our manufacturing facilities across our product lineup so that we can sustain excellent customer service at very low levels of inventory? So we've done the heavy lifting to get the inventory down, but we've got some more work to do to build the capability to really sustain it and maybe even take it beyond that level at some point.
Chris Ferrara - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Just a question on restructuring. Obviously, you guys have made a decision to not give guidance or report a pro forma type number. You are running all the charges straight through to the bottom line. Can you talk about what your view is of charges going forward? We've seen big restructuring charges in one year and then none for a few years after that. Do you think that the amount of charges you are taking this year could end up being somewhat of a run rate just in the interest of continuous improvement in the business? Will we see charges ongoing every year, just maybe not as big as what we saw in the major restructuring program?
Tom Falk: If you look back over time, we've taken periodic charges through the P&L that weren't treated as an unusual item as well. So I think this one is a little bigger than normal, but it's got a quick payback and we can implement it very quickly were we've had multiyear programs involving lots of facilities and lots of asset write-offs. We've tended to do those as unusual items. This is a little bit bigger than normal to go through operations, but it's an unusual time. Again, we're being transparent with you either way on what the amount is and what the benefits are, and so we've laid it all out there and decided to take this one through regular earnings.
Chris Ferrara - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Hypothetically speaking, if you go into next year, into calendar 2010, and you have charges that maybe aren't $0.25, maybe they are $0.10 or $0.15, I mean do you even call them out as a separate item and give them much airtime, or is that just in the magnitude of what you've done in the past where we've never really looked too closely at it?
Tom Falk: I think in a quarter, if we had an individual charge that was $0.10 or $0.15, we'd probably talk to you about it. Whether it was unusual or in regular operations, that's a reasonably large number for us.
Chris Ferrara - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Finally, on the $45 million, I think you called out in the release, for importing finished products into Venezuela, we obviously had a Venezuelan related currency issue that went through other income expense, but that was going through COGS. Was there any reason it went through COGS last quarter? I guess this is more currency transaction drag. Is that right and is that something that you'll see going forward and is it something you saw in past quarters, at least as far as the classification goes, the fact that it went through COGS and not through other?
Tom Falk: In the first quarter, what you saw was more of our excess cash balances being converted to dollars, and then the exchange loss on that ran through other expense as it would in the future if we had similar situations. In the second quarter, you saw more buying imported product at the parallel exchange rate, and the exchange loss there going through cost of sales. In the first quarter, more of our imports were bought at the official exchange rate. So that generated more cash and we wound up taking the exchange loss in other expense. I would think going forward we're going to wind up having more of the imports done at the parallel rate, which would drive more of that exchange loss through cost of goods sold.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wendy Nicholson with Citi Investment Research.
Wendy Nicholson - Citi Investment Research: My first question is just to do with the K-C Professional and then the Healthcare businesses, just a little bit of color on the outlook for volume growth in those businesses. On the Professional side, I know that's kind of the most economically sensitive business. Are you seeing any kind of light at the end of the tunnel there or should we still expect the volume declines to kind of be that high single digit level? On Healthcare, with the great growth you saw on the masks, is it your sense that those masks are sitting in the drug stores and have yet to be consumed, if you will, or have those been used up, and so we should see sort of normal growth going forward as opposed to some inventory drawdown?
Tom Falk: ON the K-C Professional front, we would say that the volume drag has been pretty consistent. In other words, we are not expecting that it's going to get dramatically better in the back half. It may get slightly better and I suppose like everybody else, we are seeing green shoots out there of potential growth, but there are still lots of industries that are depressed and not buying a whole lot. So any kind of heavy industry has been pretty slow. Anything that's travel related has been pretty slow. Healthcare has been pretty decent from a KCP standpoint. So we've got pockets of things that are doing reasonably well there. I'm encouraged that we are able to improve our margins in KCP, even though you've seen the volume decline that we've had. It's really a testimony to the team that's running that business. On the Healthcare front, there's not a lot of transparency in terms of how much of the mask purchase that went through in the second quarter has actually been consumed. A lot of it isn't at retail, it's actually in the healthcare system. I'd say Mexico used a lot of masks in the second quarter most likely with the swine flu. We don't really have a good read on how much stock piling there is, but we also are beginning to think about and prepare for the fall flu season where we expect that the swine flu hasn't gone away and could even accelerate a bit more and we could see some additional demand there, and we want to be able to help take care of and protect as many people as we can.
Wendy Nicholson - Citi Investment Research: It's not like orders have fallen off a cliff in the last month or something like that?
Tom Falk: No. We still have a pretty big unshipped order book. What you are finding is a lot of people wanting to put more aggressive crisis management plans in place and that usually involves stocking up on things like face masks. So that hasn't completely played out yet.
Wendy Nicholson - Citi Investment Research: My last question is on the cash flow, obviously fantastic, does it change your view about share buybacks and the timing of when you might get back in the market?
Tom Falk: At this point we are probably very pleased to have the flexibility that that kind of cash flow provides, but we've got lots of things to do, the pension plan and other things.
Mark Buthman: I think we've been able to accelerate some of our pension contributions this year and we're almost to the point where we expected to be for the full year heading into 2009. So that's probably the first call on excess cash. We've got some minimal options to pay down some debt. At least from what we know now, I would not expect to be back in the market buying shares for 2009. We have some other calls on cash in the near term. It's possible we're taking a pretty conservative look to the balance sheet. It's possible we carry a little more cash than we've typically done in the past, given the environment we're in.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: My question is about the volume trends in North America in Personal Care. You are saying your market shares are improved sequentially from the first quarter to the second quarter, but of course volumes worse. Can you tell us about trends in the category of child care, for instance, in the first quarter to the second quarter? Has the category worsened, including all retailers, including the untracked retailers?
Tom Falk: I think what you would see in the child care category is that moms are putting off toilet training a little bit or holding children in diapers a little bit longer or maybe in some cases training them out of diapers and not making the leap to training pants just because of the tougher economic situation and training pants are a little bit higher price per unit than diapers are. Usually there's a little bit of a summer spike in toilet training, so we would expect to see that get a little bit better sequentially. It's early days yet, so we'll see how that plays out. The diaper category overall has been relatively flat so far this year in unit volume. So you are not seeing big shifts there. In terms of volume comparisons, we had a very strong second quarter last year, so it's a little tougher comp than maybe you are used to seeing. I think we were close to double-digit growth in diapers last year in the second quarter.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Would it be fair to expect the second half of the year volume trends to be similar or are we seeing a little improvement into the second half do you think?
Tom Falk: Well, we'll have easier comparisons in the second half than we did in the first half. So you should start to see some year-over-year positive share momentum and volumes should track that over time.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: What are you seeing in the untracked channels in terms of any changes that might be being made in Personal Care and Tissue/Towel? Do you see any move to give greater shelf space or marketing by those retailers to value brands during the summer months?
Tom Falk: I think every retailer is trying to talk about value out there and they are trying to understand the consumer squeeze and they are trying to find different ways to do that. So, I wouldn't say anything that's unusual or that you wouldn't see in the track channel, so you haven't seen as much channel migration. There was some, but it hasn't accelerated at this point in time.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: The gap in the growth between the tracked and untracked channels is now widening?
Tom Falk: I don't believe so, at least not in our categories.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: My other question is about developing markets. It looks like if you put all of your categories together, there was an acceleration mainly on pricing, but that volume actually decelerated some. Is that accurate? Overall, you were up 12%, I guess, you said.
Tom Falk: That's fair. I'd say our volume was actually down slightly in emerging markets for the first time in quite a while. There were some pockets that were a bigger impact on that. Australia was one that is in our developing and emerging markets bucket, but it's a pretty well developed market and there's some things happening in the retail environment, and with our promotional schedule in Australia that caused our volumes to be off a fair amount there. Latin America, we were pretty aggressively focused on price, and so we were flat in Personal Care volumes in Latin America and down about 5% in Tissue volumes. If you look at markets like China, Russia, Turkey, other markets in the Middle East, we saw continued healthy volume growth, maybe not quite as fast as it had been, but still very positive volume growth overall.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: As the year goes on as currency becomes less of a hit, should we expect the pricing to decelerate and then volume to reaccelerate?
Tom Falk: Certainly you'll starts to get some year-over-year lapping of the pricing where you'll get less incremental price realization. If you see some more dramatic change in the dollar, you could see some potential price deceleration in some of these markets. We'll have to wait and see. Obviously, it's our goal to get all of those markets back growing again and we've got aggressive plans to go do that.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: The last part of that is, what was the emerging market growth overall in the first quarter? Was it like 10?
Tom Falk: Double-digits.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: This quarter it was 12%. Was it 10% in the first quarter, so it's a little stronger?
Mark Buthman: It was 12% in the first quarter as well, Alice.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: So it was even.
Tom Falk: A little bit more price, a little bit less volume this time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Linda Bolton Weiser with Caris & Company.
Linda Bolton Weiser - Caris & Company: Just on North American diapers, our stores have seem to indicate that possibly in the down counting, in the price increases that maybe the premium over private label is bigger for Pampers rather than Huggies. Is our data right or could that be possibly true at this point?
Tom Falk: Our goal is generally to line up pretty closely with Pampers. In an individual store, you could see something, you might Pampers has a little bit more of their share in the super premium segment. So you could see the impact the impact of their mix affecting the private label comparison potentially. Those are the only two factors I could think about. Generally, we tend to line up pretty much head-to-head with Pampers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank Securities.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities: Is this a new gross margin base to grow off of, assuming commodity costs where they are.
Tom Falk: It feels pretty good. We're expecting to sustain this in the back half of the year. Obviously, we see a little bit of commodity up tick in the back half, but we should have some more cost savings coming through. So, our goal is to sustain these kinds of margins in the back half, and then as we move forward understand how we grow on it. That's getting back to kind of where our gross margins were several years ago before a lot of this cost inflation hit us.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities: Is it fair to assume that the production downtime has pretty much ceased?
Tom Falk: Yes.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. So that should be at the back off so may be there is a little bit more upside. Okay. And then just in terms of strategic direction, do you think you'll ever be able to return back to kind of those margins you saw in the earlier part of the decade, or are you going to have to dramatically increase your advertising spending?
Tom Falk: Bill, we're really happy to have a positive inflection point here in the first half of the year. We're starting to see our margins move up and we're going to do everything we can to keep them moving in that direction. So, obviously long-term, you would like to get back to margins, in the upper teens. And as you saw, some of the progress on our businesses if you adjust for the impact of severance, you would see margins that are up, you know pretty close to that anyway.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay.
Mark Buthman: I would also add, Bill that, we've been steadily increasing our investment and strategic marketing, which we did again this quarter. So I'm not sure those two are mutually exclusive.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities: Got you. Will there be a point in time when you migrate from revenue realization to share and volume growth?
Tom Falk: Yes. I think that if you look category by category, we're watching share and we're watching revenue. So you've got to balance those things. You don't want to give up too much share. It's too expensive to get it back. If you think it was encouraging, sequentially we saw share improvements in most of our major brands in North America.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, great. And then just lastly. I mean, have you thought about entering new categories, either organically or through acquisitions?
Tom Falk: Yes, absolutely. Continuing to think about how do we grow from our core and then where some areas that we could expand and what opportunities might be available to us, are areas that we've taken a look at. If it was a new category, it had to be something that we felt we knew something about or could bring some value to.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. It also seems like you're stock piling a lot of cash and maybe be sort of being prepared for another downturn. But these cash levels should start to build precipitously in the next two or three quarters?
Mark Buthman: I think that's the way to think about it. The more cash we generate, the more options we have.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Good, thank you. One question I had was actually just similar in terms of volume versus revenue realization. Consumer Tissue is one area in particular where, it's now seven quarters or something of volume declines in that business. So what is the threshold for where it gets a little bit uncomfortable or given all the margin flexibility you have. You know, it's worth spending it back in some way, shape or form to kind of recover some of that share. Where is that going I should say?
Tom Falk: Yes. Now if you look at our shares in bath and towels, they are relatively flat year-on-year, so that's really what we're kind of watching, is you know are we losing significant share in categories that are important to us. So I would say in bath and towels, overall we feel like we're holding share. We're trying to drive innovation behind Cottonelle, we've got a lot of activity to drive the more premium segments of the tissue category and that's a focal point for us. Facial tissue is probably the one area where we're not satisfied. We've lost some share. We've got some product improvements that are rolling across the line and we'll continue to look at that what we need to do to get facial tissue back where we want it to be. If you look more broadly, internationally, our margins on tissue internationally haven't been acceptable. And so there we'd be probably taking more volume risk to get our revenue and our margins up to a level where it's an investable business.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Okay.
Mark Buthman: And it's a very positive mix shift that's going on in Consumer Tissue in our international markets as well.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Okay, and is it a little bit of the opposite right now in Personal Care with the really strong volume performance in Europe versus slightly weaker in the US, if that was negative for margins in the quarter?
Tom Falk: Yes. Well, I think in Europe, the way I would think about that is, it's sort of a year-over-year comparison issue. Last year in the first quarter, we had big promotions in Europe and we didn't have as much in the second quarter. This year was the reverse. So we had a little lighter schedule in the first quarter and much heavier promotional schedule in the second quarter. So if you look at the first half overall in Europe, we're up overall on volume, but the whole European market has become more promotional. So there's a lot more money being spent in the key categories over there as a lot of retailers using the diaper category to drive foot traffic into their stores and some of that is being funded by the manufacturers.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Okay, great. And the final thing was just the big step up in marketing spending. Can you comment on sort of where and how that's allocated, whether its by geography or product category was it just fairly evenly broad based?
Tom Falk: No. I think, obviously we're spending where we got innovation. So we were a little lighter on our first quarter spend in adult care, because we were just launching our Depend for men and Depend for women products. So we increased our marketing spend in the second quarter behind those new products. We have increased some of our coupon values in the diaper category a little bit. So you saw some of that spend happening in the second quarter as well. And wherever we had some product news or innovation, we were heavying up our advertising and promotion activity to drive the innovation. So whether that's Huggies Pure & Natural, Scott Naturals, some of the other new product activity. We focused our incremental strategic investment in some of those areas where we've got strong innovation.
Operator: Our next question comes from Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital Markets.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: There was a mention of a $16 million non-cash charge related to financing entity. What is that all about?
Tom Falk: That was an accounting adjustment that related to one of our, I think it was one of our outstanding debt securities that had to be flowed through other expense. Mark, I don't know if you want to add any other color on that.
Mark Buthman: We've got a couple of these structured financings as an accounting adjustment non-cash that we would not expect to recur.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, so it won't recur.
Mark Buthman: Correct.
Tom Falk: Right.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: Also, on the FORCE and cost reduction, the incremental 50 million. Is there a particular project that are doing well that are setting the stage for higher expectation going forward?
Tom Falk: Yes. A big part of that will be some of our organization optimization activity, where we are reducing headcount across the corporation. And so we took the charges for that in the second quarter and we'll start to get the benefits from that in the third and fourth quarter.
Mark Buthman: I would also say, Connie, we've as we've taken inventory levels down, we're seeing benefits of exiting outside warehousing, reduced inter mill shipping, so we've got some distribution savings that would be a part of that. And I think we stepped up, done a nice job stepping up our global sourcing efforts. We've always done a good job with our major commodities, but if you start getting down to the number, 10, 15 and 20 commodities in terms of dollar purchases, the teams have really stepped up their emphasis there. So I think organization is number one, but I think supply chain and sourcing are also contributing to that up tick in the second half.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: The reduction in headcount, do you have a voluntary or an early retirement program going or how is this all being organized? Was there a lot of redundancy and function or description?
Tom Falk: We did a very quick organization assessment design process and decided how big the opportunity was and then we offered in the US the opportunity for a voluntary severance program, so employees could raise their hand and receive a severance package, and a little over 600 employees accepted that. And then we have, in the US have had about a couple of hundred additional severances and are just beginning the severance process in Europe and in the emerging markets. So the total will be about 1,600 positions eliminated.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. So you're more than halfway through on the number of positions that will be reduced?
Tom Falk: Yes. Most of that really happened very late in the second quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon with Credit Suisse.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse: First question is, you did a lot this quarter with a lot of hit with both your hands, it seems like tied behind your back. One of which is Venezuela charge that you talked about. And you said that was mostly under control. But is that completely going to go away in the third and fourth quarter, or about how much of that do you think we'll see linger?
Tom Falk: Well, I think we're going to be in Venezuela for a long time. So as long as there's a gap between the official rate and the parallel rate, and we're lined up with some form of currency issue, and there's a lot of other things happening in Venezuela. We were able to increase our selling prices, which was part of the more rapid developing and emerging market selling price increase.  So if you looked at Venezuela sequentially first quarter to second quarter, all in, with all the other currency drag and everything else in the Venezuelan P&L, it was about the same as the first quarter. So, I think there will continue to be challenges in Venezuela for a while, but we still think it's a market that we want to be in and over the long-term, we've got a good market position, we're going to defend it and improve it.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse: And the 45 million, where did that show up on the income statement?
Tom Falk: Most of that was in cost of goods sold.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse: Okay. Then the second question is, when you look at other expense, it was, what, in the 40s. That certainly isn't a number you expect to see on a normal basis going forward, is it, or is it something you can give us some rough guidance for?
Tom Falk: Typically if you look over a longer historical period, typically other income and expense has been between plus 15 to minus 15 million. So it has been in that range. Occasionally gets outside of that, but it's typically a much smaller number, or you've seen the kind of currency volatility, et cetera. That number is going to jump around a little bit more because any foreign currency exchange losses go through that line.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse: Got you. And then the last question is, we hear things in Mexico in general, just economically aren't all that great. And yet at least sequentially you showed a nice improvement in the equity line from 32 I think to 44 million. Are there things that you've seen that have changed as the year has progressed in Mexico that enable you to buck that trend and I guess some of it might be, I don't think much that have would have been currency, I think the peso was pretty flat sequentially?
Tom Falk: Yes. We had some currency hit in the first quarter, because of the way their balance sheet structured with some US dollar denominated debt. They hedged more of that in the second quarter, and so they didn't have as much impact from the peso in the second quarter from a balance sheet perspective. Overall, our Mexican business from a top line standpoint, or margin standpoint, Pablo and his team continue to do a very, very good job of running that business.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse: Then I guess lastly, could you talk a little bit about China and India. At least in terms of how meaningful those businesses are becoming. I would imagine that they were part of what was driving the double-digit volume growth in the D&E area?
Tom Falk: Our D&E volume was actually down slightly. D&E overall was up 12%, most of that was price. China would be one of the strong volume growth contributors. Probably China and Russia were two of the bigger volume growth contributors. India's still a relatively small business relative to where China and Russia are today, but we obviously have exciting hopes about the future of our business in India long-term.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse: Yes, a bit of Revenue. And would you say that China is, you know the revenues, are they double. Would it be fair to say that in '09 they would be double what they were say in '05? Is that too aggressive?
Tom Falk: I don't know. Well we could look that up. I guess if you went back and looked at D&E in total as a percent of Kimberly-Clark, if you go back to '04, I think it was about 20% of our sales. Today it's in the low 30s as a percent of sales. Most of that growth has come from markets like China, like Russia, as well as others like Latin America where we continue to do very, very well.
Mark Buthman: And Chip, that estimate on China would be low.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse: Would be low. Got you. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Sawyer with Goldman Sachs.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: I just had a couple quick ones. First, on the topic of shelf resets. I was wondering if you could talk at all about how the Wal-Mart change with White Cloud has perhaps impacted your business. And then taking that more broadly, as we think about shelf resets into next year. Would you guys be winners in categories like training pants, diapers, toilet tissue, but perhaps have some risk around like feminine care and paper towels?
Tom Falk: Yes. I would say overall, as we've seen this play out, we've tended to do better in our personal care categories. We've had some challenges in our tissue categories, but where you've got strong shares and where you have got meaningful innovation, you usually earn your place on the shelf. So overall, I have felt like as we've come through this last round of retail shelf consolidation, you know we've come out with the distribution that we need to get the job done. And so we would expect that to continue going forward.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: Then just quickly back on the pricing question, you were starting to see some pulp prices bounce back off of the lows and they are still clearly well off the highs. You know, is there a threshold level where we should think about a need, or where do you feel like your price points are relative to what pulp prices could be, or at what level would you think you would start to need to reconsider pricing again?
Tom Falk: Well. I think, as we said, we probably as an industry haven't fully implemented the last price increase. So I think, you would want to see is some of the promoted price points under the current pricing levels pick up a bit before you would see another round of industry list prices. You don't want the everyday shelf price to get so far away from the promoted price that you've got a huge gap or you're just going to drive more and more of your volume into promotional events. So I think that will be the -- we're starting to see pulp tick up modestly, I think what you would maybe see is a little more discipline around promoted price points.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: Then just one last one, kind of building on Chris' and Chip's questions. If you look at the first half of the year, you absorb, call it $0.20 of other income and maybe a $0.20 drag from restructuring. And if those things aren't fully recurring going forward, should we think about the earnings base for, as we think about 2010 estimates is coming off of a normalized earnings level north of 450 based on the guidance? Is that an unreasonable way to think about it?
Tom Falk: We'll give you more color on 2010 guidance as we get later into this year. And I think what we're trying to do is give you a transparent view of our results and then we'll leave it to you guys to decide what the estimates ought to be.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Scher with Clovis Capital.
Scott Scher - Clovis Capital: Can you tell us a little bit about pension expense into next year? Now that you've made sizable pension contributions, what does the pension drag look like next year? So it's $0.08 a quarter right now, its a $0.32 drag this year. Is it too early to tell what the drag would be next year? And then I have a follow-up. Thank you.
Tom Falk: Yes, I think, I'll let Mark give you a little bit more color. But the key assumptions all get decided on the last day of the calendar year. So depending on how asset returns play out the balance of this year, depending on what happens to the discount rate on December 31. Those will be the key factors that determine our 2010 pension expense. Now, we've also, frozen our US defined benefit plan, so we won't have people earning additional service credit in 2010. So that will help us. And certainly the funding that we've done this year and if we have the opportunity to accelerate a bit more funding, that will help reduce our 2010 pension expense as well. But, Mark, I don't know if there's anything else you want to add to that.
Mark Buthman: Yes. I think, those are all the variables that are going to move the number. Tom's exactly right. You don't really put the nail in it until the last day of the year. I would say freezing the US defined benefit pension plan has is going to reduce the amplitude of volatility going forward. But, the variables have a little time to play out. If we can predict the equity markets for the balance of the year, we could probably dial it in. But I am 
Tom Falk: Yes. Based on what we know today, pension expense will be lower in 2010. I just don't know by how much.
Scott Scher - Clovis Capital: I recognize that and I know how sort of a thing pension kind of works. So year-to-date, what's been your contribution?
Tom Falk: We put about 400 million in the US plan so far this year.
Scott Scher - Clovis Capital: At the beginning of the year, January 1, what was the under funding?
Tom Falk: We were roughly, what 60 something percent funded. So
Scott Scher - Clovis Capital: Yes.
Mark Buthman: As before, we're on track so far this year for what we planned. So we expected little more than 500 million of contributions to our global plans. We're almost to that point year-to-date.
Scott Scher - Clovis Capital: And then a follow-up if I could. The severance cost, which cost you $0.19 in the quarter. Can you comment a little bit as to what you think those savings will generate on a one-year out basis? So not this next quarter, but looking out into 2010, if you take a $0.19 hit this quarter, do you have a sense as to what you think those savings might be, how much you're going to reinvest, how much you're not going to reinvest and what I might want to add to, the run rate savings for next year?
Tom Falk: Yes, I would say, that plan basically had about a one-year payback, a little better than a one-year payback. So if you look at full implementation, it was going to be slightly more than the total charges. We haven't finished taking the charges yet. So we've got some more to take in the third quarter in the emerging markets. So we took basically the US and Europe charges in the second quarter. And then the benefits will start to ramp into the third quarter and the fourth quarter. And, you know should be pretty much fully in place by the end of this year.
Scott Scher - Clovis Capital: So if I understand you sort of, you're kind of at $1.20 sort of earnings run rate right now, which is absorbing $0.08 of pension which is sort of I dont know $1.30 kind of quarterly run rate if I assume that pension won't repeat itself next year, that's sort of a $1.30 run rate. There isn't much seasonality to the business, and past year it has been almost equivalent quarters at sort of $1.30. And then I think about for next year getting some portion of that $0.20 cents or maybe $0.10 or something like that on an annual basis?
Tom Falk: Yes, I mean there's a lot of moving parts. Again, we'll give you full assumptions on our 2010 guidance later this year. So I think, we've given you the details on what the cost savings are going look like, but we'll give you a full update on our cost savings program for 2010 either later this year or early in 2010.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Gere with RBC Capital Markets.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets: Just a follow-up on an earlier question. I guess maybe the inevitable transition from revenue realization to share gains. When should we see that transition. It seems like your gross margins are starting to get some sea legs here. So would you go more from a defensive to an offensive type of approach in order to kind of drive this those organic sales back up to that mid single-digit that you did so well over the last couple of years? Thanks.
Tom Falk: Part of it's a category. I looked at our shares sequentially and say, gosh, we are up almost a point in infant care, up almost two points in child care, up about two points in baby wipes, up about a half a point in femme care, up a point and half in adult care, up seven tenths of a point in bath tissue, flat in towels, down a couple almost three points in facial tissue. So I would say we saw a good sequential share growth. The challenge is the categories aren't very healthy. So as the economy starts to recover, that's going to start to drive the category. So, wherever it's a bit more discretionary, we've seen some category softness in this kind of an economy. We would expect, you know as obviously as the economy gets better that those categories will start to perform in a bit more healthy way.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets: But can you preempt that a little bit with maybe a little bit more promotional spending here and there. I know you've been really focused more on the revenue realization side of things because of the margin structure. But just when you look out at the back half of this year and into 2010. There seems to be a lot of opportunities coming up to kind of drive the gross margin. So I was just wondering if that's how you kind of preempt it rather than just the full economy.
Tom Falk: You're not going trade spend your way to success. So where we've got innovation, we're going to absolutely drive that as hard as we can. That's a healthy way to grow your share organically. But doing it with trade promotion you're really just renting your consumers and your competition is going to respond. So we're going to help drive the category where we can. We're going to do it with innovation and great marketing and if we can do that and build our business that would be an exciting opportunity for us.
Operator: At this time, we no further questions. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Mike Masseth.
Mike Masseth: Thanks, David. Before I hand it back to Tom for a final comment, I would like to share some other news. I'll be retiring at the end of next month. And that's with 40 years under my belt, the last 25 of which have been at Scott and K-C. I'm proud of those milestones. It's been my privilege to represent Kimberly-Clark before all of you and the investment community since 1996. While I'm excited about moving on, I'll really miss the people that I've had the good fortune to work with and to learn from. It's been a fabulous experience. Of course we've been planning for this and the transition will be smooth, with Paul Alexander, who most of you know, taking over as Head of Investor Relations. Now, as I leave, it's nice to see the positive momentum in the underlying business results. I couldn't be more confident about the strategic direction and leadership of this company. I'm very pleased that K-C's IR efforts will be in Paul's extremely capable hands. Thanks, everyone. Now here's Tom.
Tom Falk: Thank you, Mike. I would just like to add my thanks and congratulations to Mike on wrapping up a very successful career. As a chief executive, I couldn't have asked for or hoped for a better IR professional to work with and communicating with our investors. So thank you, Mike, for all of your terrific contributions. And Mike has reminded me he is going to be a shareholder and expects a very healthy return on his investment. And so I would like to just close by thanking all of you for your support of Kimberly-Clark and have a good day. Thank you.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Masseth  VP, IR Tom Falk  Chairman and CEO Mark Buthman  SVP and CFO Randy Vest  VP and Controller
Analysts: Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein Chris Ferrara  Bank of America Connie Maneaty  BMO Capital Lauren Lieberman  Barclays Capital Alice Longely  Buckingham Research John Faucher  J.P. Morgan Andrew Sawyer  Goldman Sachs Linda Bolton Weiser  Caris Alec Patterson  RCM Bill Schmitz  Deutsche Bank Jason Gere  RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Excuse me, everyone. We now have your speakers in conference. Please be aware each of your line is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of the presentation, we will open the floor for your questions. At that time, instructions will be given as to the procedures you'll follow if youd like to ask a question. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Masseth. Mr. Masseth, you may begin, sir.
Mike Masseth: Thanks, David. Good morning, everyone. We appreciate your interest in Kimberly-Clark. And with us today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO; and Randy Vest, Vice President and Controller. Here is the agenda for our call today. Mark will start with a review of the first quarter results. Then Tom will provide his perspective on the results for the quarter and then also discuss our 2009 outlook. That will leave us plenty of time for Q&A. For those wishing to follow along, we have a presentation of todays materials in the investors section of our Web site kimberlyclark.com. First, let me remind you that well be making forward-looking statements during the call today. There can be no assurance that future events will occur as anticipated, or that the companys results will be as estimated. Please refer to the risk factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a description of factors that could cause our future results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Id also like to point out that when discussing 2009 results, well be comparing to adjusted results in 2008. And those results exclude charges for the strategic cost reduction plan that we completed last year. Management believes that reporting in this manner enables investors to better understand and analyze our ongoing results of operations. For additional information on why we made these adjustments and reconciliation to comparable financial measures determine in accordance with GAAP, see todays new release and additional information on our Web site. Now, Ill turn it over to Mark.
Mark Buthman: Thanks, Mike, and good morning. I hope you had a chance to review our news release this morning with all the details of our results. Let me briefly review the quarter and then Id like to start with a few headlines. First, organic sales growth was over 3% a quarter. It was more than off set by the impact of the stronger US dollar. Second, we delivered strong gross margin improvement of about 200 basis points of our operating profit at bottom line EPS, each decline 9% or way down by significant currency losses and incremental pension expense. Third, cash provided by operations rose 56%, driven by strong benefits from our focus on improved working capital. Now, let me get into the detail of the quarter and Ill start with top line. Overall, sales decreased about 7% to $4.5 billion, including a currency drag of 10%. Organic growth of more than 3% was driven by our focus on improving net realized revenue, which led to an approximate six point gain in net selling prices and slightly better product mix. Total sales volumes were down about 3%, reflecting the challenging business environment as well as our continued emphasis on price realization. Now, turning to top line for each of our segments, in personal care, sales were down more than 3% including an eleven-point currency headwind. Organic growth of approximately 8% was driven by higher net selling prices of about 6% and a one point improvement from both volume and mix. In North America, organic sales increased about 3%. Net selling prices rose about 5% due to increases implemented in 2008. It was partially offset by competitive promotional activity, primarily, diapers. Overall, sales volumes were down about 2% mostly due to softness in child care and the baby wipes categories. Regarding Huggies diapers, although volumes were off slightly versus a year ago, I was pleased to see our market shares improved to point sequentially compared to the fourth quarter. Meanwhile, our adult care business delivered 7% buying growth including benefits from the launch of gender-specific depend underwear. Now, moving to Europe, personal care organic sales were off nearly 4%, buy and sell about 3% driven by lower results in our child care business, while Huggies diaper volumes were about equal to last year. Net selling prices were down less than 1% overall. In developing and emerging markets, although personal care sales were off about 5%, organic growth was strong at nearly 16%. Price and mix contributed more than ten points of growth and volumes increased 5%. Volume highlights included low-teens growth in the fast growing BRICIT countries, as well as double-digit growth in Vietnam, Israel, and South Africa. Turning to consumer tissue, sales were down about 8%, including a ten point drag from currency. Net selling prices were up about 6% with product mix delivering an additional point growth. Buy and sell about 5% were broadly impacted by our continued focus on revenue realization, some category weakness, and consumer trade-down. In North America, net sales increased 1% and net gain was driven by higher net selling prices of more than 5% in improved mix of 2%, mostly offset by lower volumes of about 5%.On the pricing front, we have continued solid realization from the increases taken last year, partially offset by somewhat higher promotional spending. Regarding volumes, branded volumes were down across all categories with relatively softer performance in towels and facial tissue than in our bathroom tissue business. Switching to Europe, consumer tissue organic sales were up 3%, net selling price has rose 3%. And product mix contributed another point of growth. Those gains were more than offset by a drop in sales volumes of more than 6%. In the developing emerging markets, consumer tissue sales were lower by more than 11% including a currency drag of approximately 19%. Selling prices increased in most markets and improved mix contributed a total of 12 points of growth while sales volume fell about 4%. Moving to K-C Professional and other, sales decreased more than 14%, including nine points from currency. While we generated five point of growth from increase net selling prices, sales volume were down by more than 5%. Now, K-CP results were impacted more than our other businesses by the challenging economic environment, particularly in North America and Europe where sales volume were down 13% and 10%, respectively. Lastly, healthcare segment sales were even with last years organic growth of 4% was off set by weaker currency rates. Sales volumes advanced 4% in the quarter including double-digit gains in exam gloves. Our glove business has seen good early results from our new lower costs Lavender nitrile glove that launched in the fourth quarter. Now, moving to operating profit margin and cost savings, gross margins improved nicely from 30.5% a year ago to 32.4% as we benefited from price realization, cost saving efforts, and lower input costs of about $75 million in the quarter. First quarter, operating profit fell approximately 9% to $628 million with an operating margin of 14%. Results included currency transaction losses and other incumbent expenses $76 million; negative currency translation of about $65 million; and as expected, an increased in pension expense of $46 million in the quarter. In addition, we incurred production curtailment that reduced operating profit by about $90 million as we continue to drive lower inventory levels. Although margins are still down year-over-year, I was encouraged that we delivered our second consecutive quarter of sequential improvement despite the drag from currencies and pension expense. Meanwhile, we continue to invest in our brands with strategic marketing investment up in local currency terms. Now turning to cost savings, total savings were $45 million in the first quarter. Our ongoing Force program generated savings of $24 million. In terms of strategic cost reduction plan, we realized $21 million of benefit from activities completed in 2008. Brought to a good start with our cost savings effort so we continue to target 2009 total savings of about $150 million. Now, lets briefly look at first quarter segment operating margins. Our margins improved year-and-year and sequentially in personal care, consumer tissue, and our health care business. Input cost decline benefited all three segments or higher selling price has also boosted profitability in personal care and consumer tissue. Heath care margin also reflect the step-up focus on cost reduction in that business. Lastly, K-CP profitability was somewhat lower than prior year as a result of lower sales volumes and production curtailment related to managing inventories. Turning to equity company results, net income from equity companies declined 26% in the quarter, primarily due to lower earnings of K-C de Mexico. K-CM delivered high single-digit organic sales growth and improved gross profit margin, but operating net income was significantly reduced by currency losses stemming from the weaker Peso. Our share of K-CM currency translation and transaction losses in the quarter totaled about $18 million. Thats equivalent to about $0.04 per share. K-CM has recently taken steps to significantly reduced to US dollar balance sheet exposure going forward. Now moving to cash flow in the balance sheet, cash provided by operations was $692 million thats up 56% from a year ago. The increase was driven by improved working capital performance, partially offset by lower cash earnings. Our businesses have done a terrific job taking aggressive action to deliver a 7-day decline in inventory levels compared to the end of 2008. Now, with that said, we still have room to further improve our working capital. And we'll continue to aggressively pursue opportunities to generate additional cash flow. Looking at capital spending, we invested $211 million in the quarter. That's in line with our plan for the full year spending to be in the range of $800 million to $850 million. So that wraps up the financial review. To recap the quarter, we achieved 3% organic sales growth driven by improved revenue realization while sales volumes were impacted by the challenging economic environment. Gross and operating margins continue to improve sequentially. And importantly, we delivered excellent cash flow. Now, Ill turn it over to Tom.
Tom Falk: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll give you my perspective on our first quarter results and then I'll review the outlook for the rest of the year. Then we'll move on and get to your questions. In summary, we were managing through a very difficult environment. Were aggressively moving to address the near term challenges that we face while at the same time, maintaining a strong focus on the strategies that will ensure our long term success. So let me begin with our first quarter results. As you just heard from Mark, our results reflect the weak economic conditions that I'm sure you are all very familiar with. The recession has impacted our demand in North America and Europe, most notably in our K-C professional business, but also in our consumer tissue and child care businesses. In addition, consumer trade-down has affected our market shares in some categories. On that front, I'm cautiously optimistic that private label market shares in the first quarter were flat or down slightly in most major US categories, compared to the fourth quarter of 2008. And then lastly, bottom line results were significantly reduced by currency losses and by increased pension expense. Together, those two items reduced our first quarter earnings per share by about 35%, compared to last year. So despite the difficult environment, we made progress with several of the priorities that weve talked with you about in our January earnings call. First, we continue to pursue our targeted growth initiatives. In developing and emerging markets, our organic sales rose 12% in the quarter and that was highlighted by 18% growth in the BRICIT countries. So although growth has moderated somewhat in developing and emerging markets, we remain optimistic about our prospects in these parts of the world. In addition, last week we announced the acquisition of Jackson Safety. This transaction is consistent with our strategy to extend K-C professional in to higher margin segments. Second, we continue to strengthen our brands. Innovations such as new Depend underwear for men and women are off to a good start. And we have more product news coming in this year. We also continue to support our brand building in product initiatives with strong marketing programs. Third, our focus on improving profitability is beginning to pay off. I was pleased to see our gross margin improved in the first quarter. Although in some cases, our sales volumes continue to impact by our focus on revenue realization. Thats a trade off were making to get our margins moving in the right direction. We also generated improved operating margins in three of our four businesses segments and we're off to a good start this year with our cost-saving efforts. And then fourth, we delivered a strong improvement in cash provided by operations, with outstanding progress in driving down our inventories. As Mark said, well continue to push hard in this area to allow us to free up additional cash. So overall, while results are down, I'm encouraged by our performance in a number of areas. Now, let me cover the outlook. Based on what we experienced so far, we expect business conditions to remain challenging this year. In this environment, we remain focus on improving our margins, maximizing our cash flow, pursuing our targeted growth initiatives, and further building our brands and key capabilities that support sustainable growth. Moreover, were accelerating cost reductions and driving organizational efficiency. In fact, weve just announced two actions that affect much of our US workforce. First, weve decided to free the defined benefit pension plans at the end of this year for all non-union employees. This will reduce 2009 defined benefit pension expense by about $40 million, compared to our previous estimate with virtually all of that improvement coming in the second half of the year. In addition, expense for future years will be less sensitive to changes and discount rates in actual plan returns. And then second, weve announced a voluntary severance program for salaried and hourly non-production employees. This is a first step in our plan to further improve our cost position and optimize the effectiveness of our organization. We expect that there will be additional headcount reductions during the second and third quarters after each business units and functional area have completed their detailed plans and made final decisions. Although at this point, its not possible to quantify the potential cost through ongoing savings that will resolve. These are difficult decisions, but theyre necessary to improve Kimberly-Clark's competitive position thatll help us submerge from this challenging environment at a stronger competitive position. This morning's news release included several updated planning assumptions for the year. Let me review the key points starting with the top line. Were now planning for overall sales volume to be flat to down modestly this year. This reflects a more severe down turn in K-C professional and slightly lower expectations elsewhere. And we continue to be disciplined to strike the appropriate balance between sales volumes and profitability and were carefully monitoring market shares to competitive environment and the financial health of the consumer. We continue to target 2% to 3% benefit from higher net selling prices and bringing estimated organic growth in the 1% to 2% range. We are not assuming any broad-based price rollbacks, but we are planning for somewhat higher promotional spending, some of which has already begun. With an estimated negative currency effect of 8% to 9%, total sales are expected to be down 6% to 8% this year. This is since currency rates for the balance of the year are pretty similar to where they were in the first quarter. In terms of cost and operating profit drivers, at this point, cost deflation is estimated to be $600 million to $700 million for the year. That compares to our previous plan for deflation of about 300 million and is based on oil and pulp prices generally in line with current levels for the rest of 2009. Were anticipating more currency losses than previously estimated. Although, in certain markets were taking action to reduce the bottom line impact where we can. In addition, we remain committed to improve our inventory levels and drive our cash flow even as weve slightly lowered our expectations for sales volumes. As a result, production curtailment will be more significant than weve previously anticipated. So putting it all together, although some of our individual assumptions have changed significantly from three months ago, were on track overall with our plan for the year and we continue to expect our earnings per share will be in a range of $4 to $4.20. As weve discussed in our January communication, there is more uncertainty around these estimates than normal and we recognize that the environment could cause significant changes in key variables including consumer demands, net selling prices, currency exchange rates, and input costs. We continue to expect that earnings per share in the first half of the year are likely be down versus adjusted earnings in 2008 with improvement expected in the second half of the year. So we will carefully monitor the environment and well adjust our plans as appropriate to deliver the best possible results in this environment. So to summarize, while the current environment remains challenging, we'll continue to do the right things for the long term health of our businesses and manage those things that we can control. In short, Kimberly-Clark teams around the world continue to execute our global business plan and are committed to improving our performance. I am confident we're building a leaner, stronger, faster company and that we have the right strategies in place to drive sustainable growth and deliver shareholder value over the long term. That wraps up our prepared remarks, and well be happy to begin to take your questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, at this time the floor is now open for your questions. (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from Ali Dibadj from Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein: Hey, guys. How are you?
Tom Falk: Hi, Ali. How are you?
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein: Could you help us  well, can you talk to about the currency impact on the bottom line a little bit? You have said in the past several times, I think (inaudible) is the last time Ive heard it, at least. That the impact, percentage wise from the top line versus the bottom line will be roughly one-to-one. And we call it  theres no multiplier. It looked like this quarter was like negative 10 on the top line, negative 23 on the bottom line, so its 2.3 times multiplier. What should we expect going forward? And maybe a part of that answer have to be that $76 million and figuring out when that $76 million disappears going forward?
Tom Falk: Yes. A good chunk of that, about probably two-thirds of that $76 million really relates to exploit between the official rate and the unofficial rate for certain Latin American currencies. And so, part of that was related to moving cash balances from local currencies to US dollars so we took a transactional hit on that. But part of it was related to importing at the unofficial rate and selling at the official rate. And so that negative spread winds up another expense.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein: But then beyond that, beyond just that, what is the impact on the bottom line versus the top line? It sounds like it probably would be more than one-to-one, more to like 1:1.5 or 1:1.7, something like that. Is that a reasonable way to think about it?
Tom Falk: Well, I think, certainly in the first quarter, when you have situations like that, its a question on how quickly your pricing catches up in the local market. And so, in the quarter, we are able to import some part of the official rate and some of the unofficial rate. And that going to ultimately lead to price increases, but we didnt get that fully realized in the quarter.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein: Okay.
Tom Falk: The planned effect  Ideally youd like to get it back to one-to-one. But if youre having the currency fall away from you, youre going to be short of that in any given quarter.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein: Okay. One of the other things youve mentioned at (inaudible) as very important for this year is trying to get a sense of the authenticities  in the potential changes in authenticity curves. Can you give us a little bit of what youre learning in personal care consumer tissue K-CP, about that?
Tom Falk: Yes. If you look at the categories where youre meeting peoples probably, most basic needs like diapers and bathroom tissue, using the category in unit volume, has been pretty flat. So youre not seeing a lot of demand change which is not  is what youd expect. There youre seeing a bit more sensitivity around absolute cash outlay as opposed to price per unit. And so, were making sure weve got the right packings at the right promoted price points. And some of the other categories that you might argue are more discretionary. Household towels are a little soft, flushable moist wipes are a little soft, facial tissue category was down. We had a weaker cold and flu season, but I also think thats the category that could be a little bit more discretionary. Youre seeing category weakness there. And so, how do we make sure weve the right offering and the right price? I think for us, the encouraging thing in the quarter is that private label shares sequentially were flat in most of our categories. I think theyre flat in five, down in two, and up in one. And the only one that theyre up in was adult care. And really, we didnt have much of a promotional program for Depend in the first quarter because we were getting ready to transition to our pants for men and women that were launching late first quarter, early second quarter.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein: Are you seeing any change in the curve, particularly in the emerging markets? Im saying change of elasticity between the emerging markets.
Tom Falk: No, not at this point. I think youre seeing things slow down and its a question of how many new households come in to the middle class and can afford your products. And so, its more about changes in category penetration rates as opposed to individual usage.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein: Okay. And this is my last one around downtime. It looks like about 200 this quarter. And you said it was going to be more than we previously anticipated, I think, of exact cost. What shall we expect thats on our base points to be going forward?
Tom Falk: Well, I guess Id say were going to probably have a similar level in the second quarter, for example. Were going to continue to push inventories down. Do it early so we get the benefit this year of the lower working capital and the improved cash flow. We got obviously big pension contributions coming so we know weve got to generate cash early in the year to be able to fund those, and well just see how demand goes. But were committed to getting inventories under better control, and well take as much downtime as we need to get where we need to be on that front.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Thanks very much.
Tom Falk: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Ferrara with Bank of America.
Chris Ferrara  Bank of America: Hey guys. Tom, on the FX transaction issues again. Can you just talk a little bit about how its flown to, I guess, so far. Besides the translation of cash in Venezuela, how about the rest of the business and the effect on gross margin for feeling the US dollar-based commodities causing a margin drag internationally. Has that  because of FIFO accounting, has that flown through the full effect or are we seeing incremental FX drag from a transaction perspective over the next couple of quarters?
Tom Falk: I think it really depends with market-by-market and where youre able to get price to offset it and where youre not. You have a lot of markets where the currencies are up 20 or 25%. Commodities in some cases arent up quite as much. Youre not able to get price, so youre seeing a little bit more margin pressure on that front. So in terms of the other expense line, most of it that you described was the transaction exposure in Valenzuela. In fact, beyond that, its difficult to tell.
Chris Ferrara  Bank of America: But I guess, purely related to timing. Have we seen the higher  the highest of cost inventory driven by that strong US dollar hit the P&L already, or might we see more of that  assuming currency rates flat and no change for pricing? I guess all else equal, have we seen that flow to our inventory levels?
Tom Falk: Yes, I would say for the most part. Yes. The commodity costs have come down substantially in the fourth quarter. So that should have flowed to most of our inventory at this point.
Chris Ferrara  Bank of America: Okay, great. And then, I guess, last quarter youve been pretty clear that commodity cost coming in lower than what youd expect would alter a little bit of a balance in your guidance. Meaning, if commodity costs come in lower, pricing may be more risk than you guys have thought? And obviously, you guys have more than double the commodity deflation estimate, and pricing still hold the same. So, has pricing held up better than you thought? I assume it has. Why do you think that is? Is there anything going on by geography to call out on that?
Tom Falk: So far, the pricing has held up probably better than we would have expected. I think obviously we were certainly planning forward to hold and have been doing everything we can to try and reinforce that on the marketplace. I think like most other companies, were using other strategic levers from marketing standpoint to reinforce the value equation. Making sure promoted price points right, that we get the right packings in distribution. Trying to drive innovation wherever we can to justify the value of our products to the consumer. And so those are the levers that we much rather pull than the price decline lever. And were also watching private label shares. And so the fact that they stabilized at this point, or seem to have for the most part is encouraging to us.
Chris Ferrara  Bank of America: So just finally. Do you feel like that second derivative is better now? Things youre seeing are going to continue to remain challenging. But from you business perspective, even into April, things dont seem to be getting worse from your perspective, globally?
Tom Falk: No. I think thats difficult to tell. I would say early in the first quarter, you probably saw a bit more of inventory pull-down across the board as everybody was preparing for it to get worse. It felt like things  like momentum picked up a little bit during the quarter, but its also difficult to tell on a month-to-month basis.
Chris Ferrara  Bank of America: Great. Thanks a lot. Appreciate it.
Tom Falk: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Connie Maneaty of BMO Capital.
Connie Maneaty  BMO Capital: Good morning.
Tom Falk: Good morning, Connie.
Connie Maneaty  BMO Capital: Morning. Could you describe a little bit the kind of increased promotional activity that youre starting to see? And I think you also said its on their way. So what is it that youre doing differently now than maybe, a couple of months ago?
Tom Falk: Yes. For example in diapers, were probably doing a little bit more direct mail couponing [ph] to make sure that weve got the coupons in moms hand at the right time. So where there are size changes, to make sure that we have the right prenatal sampling so that her new baby is starting with Huggies right from the start. So were doing more strategic marketing on that front to make sure consumers see the value equation. But were also launching a super premium product like Pure and Natural because we know that mom will still pay more for a truly better product for her baby. And so, being willing to do that even in the face of a challenging environment, its something that were continuing to focus on. In tissue, its really getting the right packings on the shelf at the right price point and finding  if a $5 price point is what moves the volume more effectively with some accounts, making sure you can get there with the right product  a reasonable margin for us as well as a reasonable value for the consumer and maybe less of the big bundle-pack promotions. So it is trying to focus on that, to get the mix right.
Connie Maneaty  BMO Capital: How different is Huggies Pure and Natural than Ive read the text and everything, but theres something out there called gDiapers which are flushable and organic. Is the industry moving in that direction?
Tom Falk: Well, what mom tells us is that she wants us to take even a small step toward a better part environmentally. She recognizes there are challenges in getting to a perfect solution. But if we can do something so making it more hypo-allergenic, doing it without dyes and fragrances, using some organic cotton in the product, just something that she feels like shes doing her part to try and contribute to a better environment. Yes, looking at putting recycled polymer in the packaging. All of those things are small steps that can make a difference collectively over time.
Connie Maneaty  BMO Capital: And whats the price premium of Pure and Natural?
Tom Falk: Its about 15%.
Connie Maneaty  BMO Capital: And whats retailer at (inaudible)?
Tom Falk: So far its been great. I think retailers are all looking for innovation right now. And in the early days, I was just talking with our team and Nina earlier this week, and thinking the first week we were out there we had 200,000 hits to our Web site. So moms' interested in it as well, which is what the  is really exciting.
Connie Maneaty  BMO Capital: Okay. And just one final question on FX. If currency rates still where they are going forward, will there be a balance sheet impact from FX transaction? Or is the transaction impact that's coming, that's going to be running through the cost of goods?
Tom Falk: The most of the balance sheet impact, as we translate the balance sheet at the end of every quarter at the then current rate floats through the unrealized translation adjustments. So beyond that, there shouldn't be a big balance sheet impact except those big shift in a particular market we're holding local currency cash. There you'll see some impact there. But that's about the only other thing you'd see.
Connie Maneaty  BMO Capital: Okay. Many thanks.
Tom Falk: Thanks, Connie.
Operator: The next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays Capital.
Lauren Lieberman  Barclays Capital: Thanks. Good morning.
Tom Falk: Good morning, Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman  Barclays Capital: First thing, was just if the, if the incremental headcount reduction, I knew you just kept this quantified for our purposes, but is that sort of already assumed in your planning assumptions for the full year?
Tom Falk: No. We haven't put any cost or benefit from the headcount changes in our current guidance assumptions.
Lauren Lieberman  Barclays Capital: Okay.
Tom Falk: So well give you a more complete update on that once we have the details of how many, how much, and when the savings will occur.
Lauren Lieberman  Barclays Capital: Okay. And you think you'll know that sort of around the time of second quarter earnings? Or is it like an inter-quarter saying that?
Tom Falk: Sometime between now and then.
Lauren Lieberman  Barclays Capital: Okay. And then the second thing was you mentioned you were taking steps to mitigate transaction losses going forward. So outside of the K-C de Mexico lease announcing, can you explain a little bit of what it is that you're doing? And then, of course, would that mean that within the current outlook for FX is there maybe a little flex there? That if some deductions actually going into effect? In that it seems a little bit less that?
Tom Falk: Well, I think part of it is, looking at our hedging to see if there are other things we could do there. Looking at more local manufacturing in markets where we've had bigger currency impact from imported products. So things like that could have a mitigating impact. It's a question of how quickly we'll be able to do those. And I think the guidance range that we've given you for the year is a pretty reasonable guesstimate based on what we know now as to where it will come out.
Lauren Lieberman  Barclays Capital: Okay. So this mitigating step is more so that, from a longer term perspective, to mitigate exposure to currency more than something that was about the here and now?
Mark Buthman: Yes. I would say, Lauren, that if you think about it as just increasing our cost of goods we're looking at pricing actions to offset it at certain markets too.
Tom Falk: Yes.
Lauren Lieberman  Barclays Capital: Okay. All right. That's great. That was really all I had. Thank you.
Tom Falk: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Hi. I have a follow up to that. Are you seeing pricing accelerating in developing markets into the June quarter compared to the March quarter?
Tom Falk: In some cases. Itll a little bit depends by categories. You saw where you had real currency weakness you're seeing more, more pricing activity. Brazil, for example, we were pretty aggressive on price in some categories. Youd see it more, more across most of Latin America, with the areas that we'd be focused on.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Would it make sense to assume that to the course of the year that pricing in developing markets accelerate and volume decelerates a little?
Tom Falk: Well, if you think about it year over year it really started in fourth quarter of last year. So as you start to get late this year we'll be lapping that. So you may actually see on a year-over-year change faces a little bit of deceleration.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Okay. And on, as far as private label is concerned here can you tell us what you think might happen in the untracked channels? Importantly Wal-Mart, we keep hearing they're going to be pushing private label a lot more aggressively. Can you tell us what you're seeing there into the quarter?
Tom Falk: Our estimate is an all outlet estimate. So we had private label shares in the  versus prior quarter, we we're flat or down in most of our categories. The only one that was up a couple of share points was in adult care. If you look at year-over-year the ones that were up significantly were, I think, feminine care was up a point and half; adult care was up about three points; bath and towels and facial tissue were each up a point and a half. So
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Do you think going ahead thats going to get that they'll gain more share because Wal-Mart et cetera is going to push private label more than they have in the first quarter?
Tom Falk: Well, I think a lot of the private label discussion you're hearing from retailers is primarily aimed at food although, we certainly aren't taking that for granted in our categories. I think the thing that makes us feel cautiously optimistic is that at least fourth quarter to first quarter it seems to have stabilized. But it's something that we watch month- by-month basis.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Okay. And then my last question is on  I think you said organic growth in developing markets for your overall was 12% in this quarter?
Tom Falk: Right.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: What was it in the US, North America, and Europe putting all those sectors together?
Tom Falk: Yes. I'll let Mike comment on that.
Mike Masseth: Well have to do that offline. We don't look at it that way, Alice.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Okay.
Tom Falk: We can give it to you by category.
Mike Masseth: On business.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Yes, I could do it by category. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Faucher with J.P. Morgan.
John Faucher  J.P. Morgan: Yes. Good morning. Quick question about the safety acquisition you guys talked about. If you look at the performance of the professional business its definitely is more cyclical, more volatility, what have you. I mean, I think from an investor's standpoint it might be a little bit of a drag on the business. So I guess, the question is why try to improve the margins through acquisitions as opposed to saying, is this the business we want to get bigger in relative to the rest of our portfolio? So can you talk about this philosophically how you're looking at professional business given the volatility and the drag on overall returns and results?
Tom Falk: Yes. Sure. I think the focus for the professional business has been to grow in the higher margin segments and some of those are less cyclical than some of our traditional business. So really that's the, the help with safety and with some of our, our higher margin products that are sold more into the higher end places in the marketplace. So safety is a good example of that. It certainly will have some economic impact, but it should be less than the average of our overall K-CP portfolio. And so is the chance to buy a good company with a good portfolio at an attractive price.
John Faucher  J.P. Morgan: Well, I guess then is it less, you mean, how much more cyclical and how much lower margin it is than lets say, outside the overall portfolio? I mean, is it still  it sounds like the issue is its better mix than professional than negative mix relatively? So I'm still trying to get an idea. You improve one business but still hurt the overall.
Tom Falk: No. I think our vision is that the mix will be a credit to the Kimberly-Clark portfolio overall. And there's a good global opportunity here where you build a balanced portfolio of those products around the world. And you should be able to do pretty well with that in most reasonable economic scenarios.
John Faucher  J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thanks.
Tom Falk: Thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from Andrew Sawyer with Goldman Sachs.
Andrew Sawyer  Goldman Sachs: Yes. Sure. Thanks, guys. Ill just ran in quickly if you could touch on how you'll think about share buy backs as you go to the balance of the year specially with free cash coming in pretty strongly? When will those decisions be made and how should we think about the way you're approaching that?
Tom Falk: Well we had to write a pretty big check to our pension plan before the end of the year. So I think we only had about, I don't know, $60 million of pension contribution in the first quarter. We're going to be close to $500 million for the full year. So weve got to deliver cash early in the year to be able to fund our pension plan commitment. So, we're watching that as we go through the year. We'll make those pension plan contributions. We also didn't have, really, a tax payment in the first quarter because  or significant one because of some of the pension plan contributions that we have coming. So our tax payments will be higher in the balance of the year than they were on the first quarter, I would guess so the combination of that. I would say that it's unlikely that we'll probably do any share repurchases this year, but we'll give you updated guidance as we go through the year. Obviously, if we generate significantly more cash in the business than we need we haven't historically accumulated it in the balance sheet.
Andrew Sawyer  Goldman Sachs: And just following up on the transactional FOREX, I hate to beat the dead horse too much here, but I guess youre stepping up the impact from that in your guidance by about $175 million as far as the drag goes. And I guess currency exchange rates havent changed that dramatically, so this is really a reflection of capital controls being imposed in a few countries, particularly Venezuela?
Tom Falk: Yes. Its more of a difficulty in getting exchange at the official rate for imported products.
Andrew Sawyer  Goldman Sachs: And then my guess, if youre stepping up by $175 million for the year and you had $75 million impact in the quarter, we should think about this moderating cross here. Can you give us a sense of how much of that $76 million was purely the cash balance moving? And how much of that $94 million in cash you had at year end in Venezuela did you translate back into US dollars?
Tom Falk: Yes. I mean thats a difficult  we didnt bring it all back into dollars or brought a portion of it back into dollars. And of the $76 million of other expense, about two-thirds was related to the Latin American currency issues and a portion of that was related to the cash balance shift.
Andrew Sawyer  Goldman Sachs: In principle, in Venezuela the $400 million business for you guys in a revenue sense in current exchange rates. And if you use the black market exchange rate its only $150 million. Its not a very big business but its causing a pretty outsized negative earnings and cash flow impact on your business this year. How do you evaluate whether you want to shrink that business and make those sorts of strategic decisions in light of whats going on?
Tom Falk: Well, I guess the only thing Ill you is that running a business with and developing an emerging market is an exciting and challenging opportunity everyday. So I get up and read the Financial Times just to see what new thing happened that I get to worry about. So whether its a coup in Thailand or something going on in Venezuela, there is risk. I think the good thing for us is we dont have a disproportionate amount of business in any one market. Were spread across a number of markets. There are going to be hiccups and surprises in various places. But overall, weve been there for a long time. We think we know how to operate there. Well operate through this and come out the other side with a strong healthy market position in Venezuela.
Andrew Sawyer  Goldman Sachs: All right. Well, thanks a lot, Tom.
Tom Falk: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Linda Bolton Weiser with Caris.
Linda Bolton Weiser  Caris: Hi. I was just curious about your cost savings in the quarter. It seemed pretty good and yet I though that production curtailment actually would tend to reduce those amounts. Are you just really trying to achieve a lot in the beginning of the year or should we think about even excluding the additional headcount reductions? Should we think about a possibly higher number than $150 million for the year?
Tom Falk: I think its a good question, Linda. And I think last year we talked about how we dont charge the absorbed overhead from down time in against our FORCE savings. We tried that separately but we talked about when were down, we were doing more maintenance. We probably didnt manage the cost of those as effectively, and so we wound up hurting our FORCE savings. We did a little better job of managing that in the first quarter. And so our teams are focused on delivering both their inventory objectives and their cost savings for the year. So Im pleased to see were off to a good start and expect that to continue and perhaps even build a bit this year as we go through the year.
Linda Bolton Weiser  Caris: Okay. And then, Im just curious about the new Depends product for men and women.
Tom Falk: You should try them. Their great.
Linda Bolton Weiser  Caris: I may need them. Im just curious about them. It just seems to increase the number of SKUs at retail quite a bit because youve got the different absorbencies and then the men and the women. Is that a push back by retailers or is that not really an issue in getting acceptance?
Tom Falk: I think whenever we go into our retail partners with a new program that has got increase SKU count, weve already thought through what the issue are going to be. Typically, theyve been exposed to the innovation. Weve done some things with compressed packaging to try to fit the product lineup into the same linear feet on the shelf. And so obviously, youd like to have an infinite amount of excess shelf space available for you. You know youre not going to get that. So we think through how were going to execute our innovation at retail and usually have had discussions with our driver customers up front so that theyre working through how to fit it onto the shelf.
Linda Bolton Weiser  Caris: And then on the K-C Professional and other operating margin in the quarter, I guess it was the only business unit that had a decline year-over-year. And I would have expected the commercial tissue  the tissue piece to actually have margin improvement. Was that the case? Or were both parts of the business down in terms of operating margin?
Tom Falk: K-C Professional, its such a volume hit in the quarter. But that was really the  the overwhelming impact of it was from that. So when youre down 10 plus percent in some markets, thats a pretty big deal.
Linda Bolton Weiser  Caris: Okay. All right. Thats all. Thank you very much.
Tom Falk: Thanks, Linda.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alec Patterson with RCM
Alec Patterson  RCM: Yes. Good morning.
Tom Falk: Good morning, Alec.
Alec Patterson  RCM: Good morning. Im sorry. I just want to make sure Im clear on the FX impact on operating profit. So you have the $75 million or so that was transactional, flowing through other income. And then you talked about $150 million hit to operating profit from FX. Was that purely translational at the operating profit line?
Tom Falk: Yes. I think the balance was translation.
Alec Patterson  RCM: Balance of?
Tom Falk: Of the $76 million was in other expense which is all transaction.
Alec Patterson  RCM: Right.
Mike Masseth: Alex, this is Mike. In addition to translation, theres the impact that Mark talked about at K-C de Mexico.
Alec Patterson  RCM: Which is also a non-EBIT line item right, thats below the line?
Tom Falk: Thats correct.
Mike Masseth: Below the line. Thats correct.
Alec Patterson  RCM: And so, is there an FX hit to the cost of goods line that you guys have?
Mike Masseth: There is some level  yes, there is some level of transactional hit there where in local currencies youre buying different currency denominated inputs.
Alec Patterson  RCM: Right. And I know what it is. I was wondering how much impact it had on cost of goods?
Mike Masseth: I would say it increase it. Its not something that we disclose specifically.
Alec Patterson  RCM: Okay. Ill circle back to you on that.
Mike Masseth: Its not as big as the other factors that we laid out in terms of the changes in operating profit for the quarter. So we really talked about the big swingers; the pension expense increase, the curtailment costs, and the inflation, the deflationary impacts as well.
Alec Patterson  RCM: Okay. Fair enough. And then just lastly, the production curtailment cost. Is that occurring across all segments fairly evenly? Im sorry if I missed it. There was an area of focus on this?
Tom Falk: I would say the consumer tissue, personal care, and K-C Professional had most of their curtailment cost. Health care, their curtailment  they took more of their curtailment in second and third quarter last year. So you saw the impact on their margins last year. You saw some of the rebound in their other margins this year, as they didnt have as big of an impact.
Alec Patterson  RCM: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you.
Tom Falk: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Schmitz with the Deutsche Bank.
Tom Falk: Good morning, Bill.
Bill Schmitz  Deutsche Bank: Hey, guys. Good morning. Can we get some more color on the production down time? Maybe some guidance on how thats going to trend as the year progresses? Because at some point, inventorys obviously going to catch up with consumption.
Tom Falk: No, I think we would probably say were going to take more of it in the first half of the year, as much of it as we can. And hopefully, get our inventory in good position. Some color would be, we had a number of outside warehouses when we started the year that we had overflow storage. We were out of virtually all of those by the end of the first quarter in the US. So that was an opportunity. Id say D&E is still an area thats got some work to do in that front. So D&E has probably got more opportunity to take inventory out in the second quarter and third quarter. K-C Professional made good progress, but their volumes were falling at the same time as they were curtailing. So they didnt make as much progress as they would have hoped. And so, theyre going to continue to push to get their inventory in line. At the same time, were also starting and continuing to reduce SKU so that as we simplify our product lineup, we can also run with less inventory; run with a more efficient-backed manufacturing operation. And Id say that SKU reduction is probably at the early stages, so therell be more benefit coming from that as the year progress as well.
Bill Schmitz  Deutsche Bank: Okay. Are you going to take on any production capacity?
Tom Falk: I dont think that thats the nature of where were at. I mean, given the volume declines that were seeing are fairly modest. So I think its more of managing your down time across the organization.
Bill Schmitz  Deutsche Bank: Okay. Got you. And then you sort of hinted at it, but do you have any implications of the planogram changes we see  we saw at Wal-Mart and Walgreens? Theyre talking about 15% to 17% reduction in SKUs. Has your business been impacted by that at all?
Tom Falk: I think it depends on the strength of your brands. Typically, it either helps you or hurts you. If youre the big brand and you come out with more share of the shelf and better pack out and better in-stock, it can help you. Obviously, if youre in a weaker position you can lose distribution and it will hurt you in those particular areas. So I think its a trend thats been continuing for a long time. It seems to be accelerating a bit lately, as retailers are really trying to be more focused on what they carry.
Bill Schmitz  Deutsche Bank: But has it impacted you guys specifically? I would think that Huggies is probably in pretty good shape. But you would probably question Kotex and some of the you know, with their SKU of proliferation in some of the smaller brands.
Tom Falk: Actually, probably the areas that  weve generally done fine in personal care. Facial tissues been fine. The areas weve probably worked on a little bit are in the towel category, making sure that Viva and Scott towels are represented where we want them to be and have had some wins and some losses in those fronts.
Bill Schmitz  Deutsche Bank: Okay. Great. And then if I can ask just one more, have you changed your hedging activity at all? Because it sounds like youve a lot more confidence I guess in some of the planning assumptions on the commodities side. Have you locked in oil prices more than you have in the past, than say with natural gas?
Tom Falk: No. With natural gas were a little bit more hedged than we have been. Were probably  were 80% hedged in the first quarter. I think were 75% hedged for the balance of the year at prices that are above the current market price. But weve limited some of the volatility. On the oil front, we really  we dont have a lot of direct oil. So we havent been able to do much there. And so, I think its more just a momentum. Feels like its moving in the right direction right now.
Bill Schmitz  Deutsche Bank: Okay. Great. Thanks again.
Tom Falk: Thanks, Bill.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Gere with RBC Capital Markets.
Jason Gere  RBC Capital Markets: Good morning.
Tom Falk: Good morning, Jason.
Jason Gere  RBC Capital Markets: Just a question on the developing and emerging markets. Clearly the headline news that we see, softer economies, GDP slowing across the board. Certainly, it doesnt seem like its filtered into the consumption trends yet. I was just wondering, how much has really trickled down to the consumption? Do you think high single digits sales growth is more of the floor on this business as you look out to 2009? And then, I just have a follow up.
Tom Falk: First, it depends on the market. If you looked at Korea or Australia, which are in our developing and emerging markets bucket, you saw a pretty flat category volumes there. Those are very developed economies. And as they slow down a little bit, theyll look more like the US probably, in terms of how they respond. Other markets like China  for us were still picking up cities as we go. Were still only represented in a small part of China. So theres a huge growth opportunity for us to continue to push out. Brazil will be somewhere in between. Weve got a good presence there. We think theres a lot more opportunity. We see even parts of Brazil, were not represented the way wed like to be. So were continuing to focus on maximizing growth opportunities in places like that.
Jason Gere  RBC Capital Markets: And then separately, I know youve talked about taking pricing to offset currency. Can you just talk about in those areas where youre facing local competition who dont have to take pricing, what youve seen in terms of the trends there?
Tom Falk: It depends on the market place. If everybodys buying pulp thats priced in dollars, then were all dealing with the same approach. In other cases where youre bringing in  in high-end diapers and high-end training pants in some markets where there really isnt a relevant local competitor, it hasnt been a problem. But its a bit like the private label issue in the US. You want to watch it and make sure you get your value equation right and that youre not too far off from where the consumer sees the value difference. So it is a market by market approach. Vietnam was a good example. Theres been a very high inflation in Vietnam and our products have certainly reflected that. Not every local competitor has followed and were watching that price value equation closely to see if something happens with share and  with both volume share and dollar share.
Jason Gere  RBC Capital Markets: Well, great. Thank you very much.
Tom Falk: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein: Hey. Thank you for taking my follow up. I was hoping you could help me figure something out and its building on Alecs question from before a little bit. If you just look at the difference in your gross margin, quota 190 basis points, something like this on a recurring basis; you have FORCE and FTR, which are about 100 basis points; pricing which probably gave you 400 basis points plus; commodities gave you quota 170 basis points; de-leverage was quota negative 200 basis points; pensions was somewhere in the negative 100 basis points range. And then you have a gap, right, to get to 187, so as high as maybe 300 basis points. How much of that is currency? I know you say you dont want to disclose it but I think its a bigger deal than a small thing. So I want to understand what else may be going on in there that Im not understanding.
Tom Falk: Theres a number of other things in that analysis. I think some of it is going to be product improvements where weve added cost back to the product. In some cases were driving a little bit better mix. So that will be another variable that youre not modeling. But I dont know. Mike, if you want to add anything to that?
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein: Thats an upward move, right? Im looking for more negative.
Tom Falk: No. Thats a negative, adding cost to the product.
Mike Masseth: There are higher costs in a number of areas. Theres labor, inflation for an example. Theres the currency transaction which we have discussed as well.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein: How big impact on that part is really what Im saying.
Mike Masseth: Theyre all contributing to the total, although none is individually that significant
Ali Dibadj: Okay. I cant get that, but okay. Thats fine. All right. Thanks.
Operator: Mr. Masseth, at this time we have no further questions.
Mike Masseth: All right, David. Well wrap up. And Tom, just to leave us with a couple of comments please.
Tom Falk: Yes. Once again, were addressing the priorities that we laid out for you earlier in the year. We think were operating well in a difficult environment, and we continue to appreciate your support of Kimberly-Clark. Thank you.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Masseth - Vice President, Investor Relations Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Mark A. Buthman - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President Randy J. Vest - Vice President and Controller
Analysts: Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital Christopher Ferrara - Bank of America Chip Dillon - Dillon Investment Research [Ali Debonis]  Sanford Bernstein Gail Glazerman - UBS Wendy Nicholson - Citi Investment Research John Faucher - J.P. Morgan Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets Linda Weiser - Caris & Company Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Alex Pederson - RCM William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities [Ann Lamar] - Federated Investors Frederick Searby  EverKey Global Alice Longley  Buckingham Research
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Kimberly-Clark Corporations Fourth Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. We now have Mr. Masseth in conference (Operator Instructions). At the conclusion of Mr. Masseth presentation we will open the floor for questions. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Masseth. Mr. Masseth, you may begin sir.
Mike Masseth: Thanks David and good morning everyone. We appreciate your interest in Kimberly-Clark. With us today are Tom Faulk, Chairman and CEO, Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO and Randy Vest, Vice President and Controller. Here is the agenda for todays call: Mark will start with a review of our fourth quarter results. Then Tom will provide his perspective on the results for the fourth quarter and the year and also discuss our 2009 outlook. That will leave us plenty of time for Q&A. Now, for those wishing to follow along we have a presentation of todays materials, including our 2009 planning assumptions, in the investors section of our website which is www.kimberlyclark.com. First let me remind you that we will be making forward-looking statements during the call today. There can be no assurance that future events will occur as anticipated, or that the companys results will be as estimated. Please refer to the risk factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a description of factors that could cause our future results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. We will also be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures including adjusted earnings per share, adjusted operating profit, and adjusted operating margin. Management believes that reporting in this manner enables investors to better understand and analyze our on going results of operations. For additional information on why we make these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP see todays news release and additional information on our website. Now I will turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Buthman: Thanks Mike and good morning. This mornings news release includes all the details of our results for the quarter. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.01 compared to our previous guidance range of $1.02 to $1.07. There were a lot of moving which impacted our results versus plans, so I will start with a quick summary. From an operating standpoint weaker than expected sales volumes, predominantly due to deteriorating economic conditions, were mostly offset by lower input costs and expenses. Looking at other key factors, we had a higher than normal level of other expense which is worth $0.04 to $0.05 per share and an approximate $0.04 per share impact from weaker foreign currency exchange rates, particularly at our Mexican affiliate. These two factors were essentially offset by a lower than planned tax rate. Now let me get into the details of the quarter starting with sales: Overall sales decreased by about 3% to $4.6 billion including a currency drag of 8%. Organic growth was solid at nearly 5%. That was driven by our focus on improving net realized revenue which led to a seven-point gain in net selling prices and an additional point of improved product mix. Total sales volumes were down about 3% and were impacted by a generally weak economic environment, particularly in North America and Europe, and our continued emphasis on price realization. A portion of volume weakness experienced in the fourth quarter was related to customers and consumers reducing warehouse and pantry inventories. In addition, consumer trade down affected our market share [inaudible]. Turning to the top line for each of our segments: In personal care sales were down more than 2% including a nine-point currency headwind. Organic growth of more than 6% was driven by higher net selling prices of nearly 6% and somewhat better product mix. Overall, volume was even with the year ago period. In North America personal care sales fell about 2%. Net selling prices rose nearly six points due to benefits from price increases taken in the first and third quarters of 2008, partially offset by increased promotional activity, primarily in Huggies diapers, to match competitive activity. Overall, volumes were down about 7%, primarily due to results in diapers and training pants including the impact of customer inventory adjustments, consumer trade-down in diapers, and some category weakness in pants. Moving to Europe, personal care organic sales were off 3%. Overall volumes, including Huggies diapers and core markets, were even with the prior year; however, net selling prices were down over 2% due to the continued competitive promotional environment. In the developing and emerging markets, although personal care sales were off 1%, organic growth was a strong 15%. Price and mix contributed more than ten points of growth and volumes were up 5%. Volume highlights included mid-teens growth in the fast growing [bricket] countries, double-digit growth in Australia and Vietnam and mid-single digit growth in Latin America overall. Now turning to consumer tissue, sales were down about 3% including an eight-point drag from currency. Net selling prices were up approximately 11% with solid increases from around the world. Volumes fell about 6% and were impacted by our continued focus on revenue realization, some category weakness, and consumer trade down. In North America net sales increased 3% as higher net selling prices of almost 13% were mostly offset by lower volumes of about 10%. On the pricing front we had strong realization from the increases taken earlier in the year. Regarding volumes, branded volumes were down across all categories. This reflects our focus on revenue realization, category weakness and some consumer trade down, particularly in towels. In addition, the volume declines continue to reflect our decision to exit some low margin, private label business at the end of 2007. Switching to Europe, consumer tissue organic sales were up modestly. Net selling prices rose 4% due to increases in several markets, and product mix contributed another point of growth. Volumes fell by 5% in response to the price increases and category weakness, particularly in the UK. In the developing and emerging markets consumer tissue organic sales rose 15% driven by a 13 point gain in net selling prices and two points of improved mix. Moving to K-C Professional and other, sales decreased more than 8% including an over seven-point impact from currency. On the plus side, our focus on revenue realization led to a 5% increase in net selling prices; however, sales volumes were down by more than 5%. KCP is feeling the effects of the economic slow down, in particular in North America and Europe for sales volumes were down high single digits. Lastly, healthcare segment sales were up approximately 1%. Organic growth of over 3% was driven by higher volumes of 5% while product mix was off more than 1%. Our higher margin medical device business had a strong quarter delivering double-digit volume growth. Meanwhile surgical supplies volumes rose 3%, led by double-digit growth in exam gloves. Now moving to operating profit and cost savings, and for this discussion I will refer to adjusted operating profit and margin, which excludes certain charges in gains details in this mornings news release. Fourth quarter operating profit fell 10% to $629 million with an operating margin of 13.7%. Profitability was impacted by cost inflation of more than $135 million and negative currency translation effects of about $60 million. Due to some moderation in pulp and certain oil-based costs during the quarter, the inflationary impact on our bottom line was somewhat better than our plan for the fourth quarter and although margins are still down versus last year I am encouraged to see the 120 basis point sequential increase versus the third quarter. Despite the impact of inflation we continue to invest in our brands. Strategic marketing investments increased by over $25 million in the quarter. Margins were also impacted by 80 to 90 basis points from planned production down time we took in order to improve our inventory position. Now turning to cost savings: Total savings for the quarter were $34 million. Our ongoing force program generated savings of $20 million in the quarter; that is despite higher spending at some of our facilities. In terms of the strategic cost reduction plan, we realized $14 million of year-on-year benefit in the quarter. For the year, total cost savings were more than $170 million at somewhat below our full year objective of $200 to $250 million. We over delivered on the strategic cost reduction plan, but fell short on our force savings for the year. Now lets look briefly at the fourth quarter segment operating margins: We delivered sequential increases in personal care, consumer tissue, and in health care, as all segments benefited from our focus on revenue realization and recent declines in cost inputs. Healthcare margins also reflect a particular focus on cost reduction. Lastly, KCP profitability was solid, similar to the third quarter despite the volume pressures in that business. Now moving to cash flow on the balance sheet: Cash provided by operations was $678 million down 1% from the year ago period. Key factors included lower earnings, a reduced level of accrued expenses, and a $50 million contribution to our US defined benefit pension plan in 2008, mostly offset by lower tax payments in the quarter. For the year, cash provided by operations grew about 4% to more than $2.5 billion. Looking to capital spending we invested $253 million in the quarter. That brings full year spending to $906 million; that is right in line with our plan. Regarding share repurchases, we bought 1.3 million shares of KMB stock at a cost of about $75 million during the quarter, bringing year-to-date repurchases to $625 million; that is consistent with the commitment we made in October. That wraps up the financial review. To recap the quarter, we achieved solid organic growth driven by revenue realization. Sales volumes were impacted by the recessionary environment, and although margins are still down versus a year ago, we delivered sequential progress. Cash flow remains solid. Now I will turn it over to Tom.
Thomas Falk: Thanks Mark and good morning everyone. I will give you my perspective on our results and our progress in 2008 and then I will review the outlook for the coming year. My headline today is that we are managing through a very challenging environment. We have a strong near-term focus on improving our margins and maximizing our cash flow. At this time we are doing what is right for our long-term success. Just to recap 2008, we faced a very tough external environment as economic forces caused commodity costs and currency exchange rates to swing wildly and the rapid rise of oil and other costs in the middle of the year took a toll, even though we accelerated our price initiatives during that period. By the end of the year inflation totaled $725 million and that compares with our original estimate for the year of about $400 million. Fortunately inflation moderated in the fourth quarter as commodity costs tumbled from the high they were at earlier in the year. At the same time though, currency exchange rates also plunged and that adversely affected our fourth quarter results by more than $0.20 per share versus the fourth quarter of 2007 and really wiped out all of the currency benefits we had realized for the first three quarters of the year. For the year overall currency was negative by $0.06 per share. Finally, late in the year, as Mark mentioned, we also began to see some consumers and customers scale back purchases in our categories in response to the economic weakness happening around them. So, these unforeseen factors were primarily responsible for our bottom line results falling short of our objectives for the year. Adjusted earnings in 2008 were $4.14 per share and that compares with our original target of $4.45 to $4.60. So, regardless of the reason, there is no one at Kimberly-Clark that is satisfied with this outcome and while we are working hard to over come the near-term challenges facing us, we remain focused on the strategy that will drive long-term sustainable growth for Kimberly-Clark. As you would expect, we are rigorously controlling discretionary expenses: we are driving costs out of the system wherever we can and we are focusing on improving our revenue realization. This focus contributed to a sequential improvement in operating profit margin in the fourth quarter, which gives us some positive momentum as we enter into 2009. We are also paying more attention to cash flow in this environment than ever; so we are taking a harder look at capital spending, we are trying to limit our investment of working capital to make sure we have a strong financial position overall. In this environment, I believe that strong cash flow is more important than ever and I am encouraged by that cash provided by operations increased about 4% to $2.5 billion in 2008. During this time we also brought down our debt by more than $275 million during the fourth quarter. Meanwhile, we continue to make good progress with our global business plan strategies throughout the past year. This is most apparent in our top line performance as we delivered organic sales growth of 5.6% in 2008 and that is above the high end of our 3% to 5% long-term target. We continue to successfully pursue our targeted growth initiatives with notable gains in the developing and emerging markets and in higher margin areas like the safety business and K-C Professional and medical devices in our healthcare business. We also continue to build our capabilities in marketing innovation and customer development. This enables us to bring innovative new and improved products to market and further enhance the competitive position of our brands. In fact, we increased our investment of strategic marketing by about $95 million in 2008. We also successfully completed our strategic cost savings program as of the end of the year. This was a significant multi-year effort that our team executed extremely well, with lover overall costs and cash outlays than we originally anticipated. Even better, the total savings from this plan are on track to reach nearly $400 million and that is well ahead of our original target. Now let me turn to the outlook for 2009: The collapse of global financial markets has precipitated significant changes in commodity costs and currency rates and resulted in a high level of volatility of uncertainty in the current business environment. Meanwhile, although commodity costs have fallen dramatically since mid 2008, the related weakness in foreign currencies, along with higher pension expense, will be a significant drag on our 2009 results. As noted in our news release, the increase in pension expense in 2009 is equivalent to about $0.34 per share or more than 8% points of earnings growth compared with 2008. In addition, projected incremental currency transaction losses could further dampen earnings growth by as much as 5% points. Based on plans in place, we expect to generate sufficient improvement from other aspects of our business operations to substantially offset the negative effects we are going to experience from pension and currency. As a result, adjusted earnings per share in 2009 are expected to be similar to 2008, in a range of $4.00 to $4.20 per share. In light of recent trends, adjusted earnings per share in the first half of the year are likely to be down versus 2008 with improvement expected in the second half of the year. More specific details of our 2009 planning assumptions are included in this mornings news release. Our plan for 2009 assumes no improvement in the [exol] in the near term, with gradually improving conditions later in the year. We are encouraged that commodity costs have fallen from their highs they achieved in 2008 and that should help us improve profitability over time. Plus, as of today our cost assumptions appear to be on the conservative side. Keep in mind, however, that a number of factors could cause consumer demand or net selling prices for our products to change unexpectedly, or result in further volatility in currency exchange rates in our input costs. So, we will carefully monitor economic and competitive conditions and adjust our plans as appropriate to make sure we can deliver the best possible results in this environment. The strength of our marketing and innovation programs are vitally important to ensure that our brands provide a great value to consumers; so expect us to continue to invest to build our capabilities in these areas and we will continue to support our growth initiatives and further build our brand equity with higher marketing spending, so we have no plans to cut back on these key investments. Meanwhile, we will be disciplined to strike the right balance between volume growth and profitability. At the same time we will accelerate the cost reductions and drive efficiency in every aspect of our operations to improve our competitive position wherever we can. In particular we will go after sourcing and supply chain costs more aggressively and will align our compensation and benefits with the current economic environment and with our own performance. Overall, we are focused on maximizing our cash flow and maintaining a strong balance sheet. To summarize, although it has become more challenging to predict our results in the near term, we will continue to do the right things for the long-term health of our businesses and effectively manage those factors that we can control. In short, we will continue to focus on executing our global business plan strategies which are designed to build strong and enduring brand franchises. Our Kimberly-Clark teams around the world are committed to improving their underlying business performance. We are confident that we will emerge from this challenging period stronger than ever and that we have the right strategies in place to drive sustainable growth and deliver shareholder value over the long term. With that, thank you for your interest today. Now we will be happy to begin to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays Capital.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital : I wanted to talk a little bit about Europe. I know in the release, the way you guys wrote it, it talked about economic weakness in Europe, and frankly, I thought volumes held up really quite well there given the new slow seems to be a lot worse than that. I would have expected there to be maybe more evidence of more trade down in Western Europe in diapers and in tissues. So, can you talk a little about that?
Thomas Falk: Yes, I think we probably saw less of the inventory correction in Europe. Europe had a weaker third quarter, as you might recall, so they might have gotten some of it a bit earlier. Obviously it is still a competitive environment. The UK in particular is a very important market for us. We have seen a lot of buy one get one free activity, particularly in diapers, from our primary competitor. We havent matched all of that, so that accounted for a little bit of our volume weakness in the quarter. Other than that we were down about a point on tissue across the board on share, down a similar amount in diapers, so I would say, again, in this environment we are not going to declare victory or anything, but I would say we are holding our own.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital : Do you think one of the reasons may be, I am just thinking out loud, is that private label is already so well established in Europe versus in the US where it is sort of an incremental change that consumers are making as they feel cash strapped, but in Europe it is sort of already a known entity and maybe not that much of an opportunity for consumers to trade down?
Thomas Falk: Well certainly in tissue that is true. Private label shares in personal care in Europe arent that different than they are in the US.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital : Okay and then just since you mentioned it, on the trade destocking in the US, I was a little curious at how much it could be given, how bulky your products are, high turn categories and so on. I mean is it a weaker two and then kind of done? I wouldnt expect there would be much more trade stock that could still happen.
Thomas Falk: Well I think there are a couple of things happening. First of all we said it was consumer and customer, so I think you also saw some consumer pantry destocking. If you look at, for example, the Nielsons three outlook data for bath tissue and towels in the fourth quarter, I think bathroom tissue the category was down 5.5%. Towels I think the category was down nearly 10%. I think what you are seeing is a phenomenon where obviously if the consumer is out of bathroom tissue mom is going to the store, but she might not be buying the big bundle pack, especially late in the month. So, they are going to be buying the smaller count packs. We are seeing much more responsiveness to the consumer around lower price points right now, because they are conserving cash and they dont want to build any household inventory. Things like household towels and facial tissue which are a little more discretionary, if you run out at home it goes on the list, but if you are out a paycheck it may wait until the next purchase cycle. You saw that in some of the underlying consumer categories, particularly the ones that are a bit more discretionary. On the customer inventory front, whether it was consumer customers, KCP customers, everybody is just really trying to run inventory tighter. In some cases it is not even a week, it is three or four days, but at the margin everyone is trying to conserve cash and run their inventories tighter.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital : Do you think that the stock for KCP was that similar to the consumer business? It would be sort of a pretty short-lived one-quarter adjustment?
Thomas Falk: Well I think the question is going to be what happens in the economy. So, you saw in the fourth quarter some of the inventory destocking expecting things to get worse and as you look and see how the economy unfolds, certainly some of the news that was out this morning isnt good for employment, so we will just see how this gets. I think you may start to see more of the impact of the actual economy slowing down affect KCP volumes early in the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Ferrara from Bank of America.
Christopher Ferrara  Bank of America: It sounds like you guys are sort of conceding that you are being somewhat conservative on your commodities outlook, but you are throwing the caveat in there that maybe you are not being so conservative on pricing. I dont know if I am reading that right or not. I am wondering if you can give a little color, I mean how would you rate your conservatism and your pricing outlook versus in your commodities outlook?
Thomas Falk: We have at least three big moving parts: Exchange rates, currency costs, and selling price increases. We tried to look at all three of those together and make sure that our assumptions roughly hang together. You could point at any one of them and say, gee that one looks conservative, but if you changed it you might have to go look at some of the other ones and say, does that have any impact on some of the other assumptions. The question would be, it is not so much whether you would roll the price increase back, but would you have to spend more promotionally? Would you have to do something different on coupon values if you assumed that you are going to have lower commodity costs for an extended period? We think in total those assumptions hang together, we are trying to be transparent on them and I am sure all of you will judge whether we are conservative or not.
Christopher Ferrara  Bank of America: That is helpful. I just wanted to also get a sense of, on your assumptions for oil at 70 and gas at 7 or 8 and particularly pulp at 740, is there some particular reason that you guys are forecasting it that way or is it just because they have been such a slippery thing to forecast in the past?
Thomas Falk: It is maybe even less scientific than that. We rolled the forecast up at the end of December. We did early planning assumptions in early December. We looked at what the futures market said and that is what we used. That is what we typically do every quarter. So, you can see that level of volatility. If you looked out in some of the late 09 futures in early December for oil, you still saw things it the upper 60s to lower 70s. Were hedged probably 70% of the year at this point with a little bit more in the front half and a little bit less in the back half. It is up pretty close to the rate that is in our assumptions.
Christopher Ferrara  Bank of America: Great thats helpful. Then I just have one other quick question on pricing segments. You guys are seeing +2 to 3 for the year. I guess some of your pricing will roll up after Q1, but can you kind of give a sense sequentially of how that is going to flow, considering the run rate was so high at 7%? Is there an assumption that you are going to see rather significantly negative pricing as you get to the back half of the year or is it smoother than that?
Thomas Falk: In the consumer markets in the US we had pricing in some of our categories in February. We had, I think, feminine care was in May. We had some things that happened in August and September and then facial tissue was later than that. So, it will kind of break through the year as those roll off.
Christopher Ferrara  Bank of America: But, is your pricing assumption assuming that any of the pricing that you have taken actually rolls off at this point?
Thomas Falk: No. Other than the things that we have talked about with diapers of doing some price and count changes which are pretty modest it the scheme of things.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chip Dillon with Dillon Investment Research.
Chip Dillon - Dillon Investment Research: I have a couple of quick questions; this one is alluding to the last question. The second half of the year hopefully better than the first half and yet the price increases, unless there are some this year, will roll off. Are you basically anticipating a more than offset of that from higher volumes?
Thomas Falk: Yes. We would expect to see a better volume environment in the back half of the year.
Chip Dillon - Dillon Investment Research: Okay and then could you talk a little bit about the balance sheet, in particular the shareholders equity. If you look quarter by quarter it really fell off. I know you guys are buying back stock, but it normally would not fall off. Specifically, it went from like $5.6 billion at the end of the second quarter to $5 billion at the end of the third, to under $4 at the end of the fourth. Maybe Mark could tell us what is going on there?
Thomas Falk: I am kind of a rusty old accountant, but I will give you my insight and then let Mark answer in more detail. Two big factors are the change in the pension obligation goes through other comprehensive income and its stockholders equity and then the other is the translation effect on the balance sheet of foreign currency swings goes through UTA. Mark, I dont know if you want to add any more detail to that.
Mark Buthman: It is great to have a boss who is a former accountant.
Chip Dillon - Dillon Investment Research: I guess that sort of is inferring, because I know that if you made a rough assumption and said, I know everybody had a rough year last year in the market. It would like if the $4.6 billion in assets went down say 25% and you are paying out the normal $300 plus million in benefits, that actually the shortfall could have grown I dont know, to $3 billion?
Thomas Falk: You will get all the pension stuff in the footnotes. I mean the pension swing was roughly $700 million, I think, and the UTA swing was roughly $900 million. That should come pretty close to reconciling your stockholders equity for you.
Chip Dillon - Dillon Investment Research: I got it. Then the last thing you mentioned is you mentioned the hedge being about 70% gas. Do you hedge any of your oil?
Thomas Falk: No because almost all of our oil is secondary. It is adhesives. It is packaging material. Probably the only one that comes close is diesel which is a direct pass through. We dont hedge it at this point.
Chip Dillon - Dillon Investment Research: Okay so one way of looking at your outlook is that this is sort of an insurance in your pocket a little bit, whereas maybe the UK pound being a bit weaker than what you have assumed, would go the other way and hopefully it all evens out.
Thomas Falk: Well you know, Chip, having come into the last four years thinking we had inflation figured out, and it always did thing we didnt expect. I dont know which pocket it is in, but it feels like we tried to call it the best we could and again all of these assumptions together, we think, are linked and make sense and so we think this is a pretty realistic plan for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ali Debonis from Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Debonis - Sanford Bernstein: If I look by segment, this is kind of your first quarter since roughly 04 that consumer tissue has shown current improvement in margins. On the flip side, this is the third quarter in a row where personal care is actually showing a negative margin change. How should we think about that given that you had been certainly, most recently, leaning more and more on personal care. How should we think about that going forward? Are you switching strategies where you are spending? Is it all really just commodities and pricing that are coming through, etc?
Mark Buthman: No. I mean, first of all personal care margins have hung in there around 20%, give or take, for awhile. So, I would say if you look at what happened to them in the fourth quarter they probably took a little bit more down time. That affected them. They still had the impact of not getting their price increase fully affected. They had to spend back on some of the larger count packs to meet competition. In tissue we got a little bit more benefit from the lower commodity costs flowing through in natural gas and pulp and distribution costs. We were obviously very focused on realizing more revenue in tissue and we took a little bit more volume risk. We needed to get our margins back above 10% and we are hopefully headed higher than that here in the next year.
Thomas Falk: Ali, keep in mind that the personal care margins were lower in the third quarter and improved sequentially from 18.8% to 19.9 in the fourth quarter.
Ali Debonis - Sanford Bernstein: Okay thats helpful. You mentioned down time and being a little bit more aggressive on pricing. I mean you look at 5% organic growth, which is good, 7% pricing, net of two volumes. I would like to address the price in question just before, but that algorhythm obviously has the effect that you mentioned which is around down times, a little bit of margin pressure certainly as you do that. And, now in the context of, as you guys say, fine tuning, pricing and promotional plans, and Im always concerned when people say fine tuning, because I really dont know what that means. How should we think about the effect on your margins from down time from volumes going forward?
Thomas Falk: I think as we go into this weaker economy I think we will just have to see how it goes. Our goal is to make what we sell. If the categories are declining we will obviously have to take adjustments in our production schedule to account for that. It is not our goal to go into the year losing share in an of our key categories, so we are certainly going to try to make sure we are competitive on shelf and have got a fair share promotion in our spending strategic marketing money behind our innovations. We have got a good innovation program coming in 09, so we would expect to drive volume behind that. But, if the consumer continues to be weak and if retailers continue to pull back on inventory we will have to make adjustments in our production schedule.
Ali Debonis - Sanford Bernstein: Okay and two really short quick questions. On the FX side, you know the top line this quarter is about -8%, you said in the release and you mentioned earlier. If you then go to the bottom line impact it was certainly north of that, so -11% once you kind of roll in both translational and transactional; so 1, roughly, amplification between the top line and the bottom line. Is that the ratio we should expect going forward?
Thomas Falk: Well the big swing this quarter, as we talked about in the third quarter, was Mexico and the impact of the US dollar debt and the pretty market depreciation of the peso this quarter.
Ali Debonis - Sanford Bernstein: If I include Mexico it is still  my 11% on bottom line this quarter is excluding Mexico.
Thomas Falk: Yes, I think the transactional amount is going to be more difficult to predict, because it is going to depend on the level of hedging and which market we are able to hedge and what the currency does in that particular market. So, we had a bit more than normal this quarter than we have had in prior quarters, but that one is going to be harder to predict going forward.
Ali Debonis - Sanford Bernstein: But is there going to be at least an amplification between the top line and the bottom line on a sustainable basis? Is that how you are structured?
Thomas Falk: I would say it depends on the market. If you look at Europe where we dont have very high margins, then sometimes the translation impact hurts you a lot worse on the top line than it does on the bottom line. Other markets, like Korea and Australia, which have probably seen some of the biggest evaluations, where we have above company average margins, the translation impact is pretty significant for us. It is a difficult question to answer, but the currencies that matter the most to us are the Mexican peso, the Australian dollar, the Korean won, the UK sterling and the euro. Not necessarily in that order, but the ones that have a bigger impact on our bottom line are the peso, the A dollar and the Korean won.
Ali Debonis - Sanford Bernstein: Okay and my last question is just on the other expense line. It is clearly higher this time. What should we expect on that? It looks like you are playing a little bit of catch-up. How should we expect that? We know that it is for the $0.04 to $0.05 in the release that you say is normal. You havent been normal recently, so how should we think about that and what is really in there?
Thomas Falk: Yes, it is $4 to $5 million was the number that should flow through there as opposed to $0.04 to $0.04, but yes this quarter there was a bunch of stuff that happened late in the year. We mentioned the litigation settlement that happened in the last two weeks of December, and we had an issue in Brazil that went the other way that was positive near the end of the quarter; so there was a number of things that happened near year end that flowed through there and collectively along wound up being a much bigger negative than we were expecting. There wasnt any judgment on any of those. They happened and that is where they get recorded.
Mark Buthman: In 2009 that is where the currency transaction expenses will be recorded.
Ali Debonis - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, in that line.
Mark Buthman: That is right.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman - UBS : I am trying to get a little more sense of the volume trends. Is there anything you can say, I guess, separating the developing and developed market trends as you kind of move through the fourth quarter and into 2009? Did you see this kind of a flat stable down trend or any sort of shifts?
Thomas Falk: I would say in emerging markets the core volume and category growth held up better in the fourth quarter. I would say it is slowing somewhat, but still growing, whereas I would say most of the categories in the US were flat to negative in the quarter. You are certainly seeing a little bit of slowing in emerging markets, but they is still pretty robust growth there for us.
Mark Buthman: Just to give you some number around that Gail, organic growth was strong through out and there was strong through out and there was perhaps more pricing that made up for a little slower volumes. So, when you look at developing and emerging markets in the fourth quarter organic growth for the quarter was 15% and for the year it was 15%. Now there are, again, different components there, price and mix were stronger in the fourth quarter than they were for the year.
Gail Glazerman - UBS : Yes, I was just trying to get a sense of volume trends and I guess it makes sense that there was that inventory pantry destocking issue, if you are past that or is that something that is continuing into 09, looking at the sequential trend?
Thomas Falk: It is early days yet. We dont have a lot of new Nielson data for 09, so we will have to watch and see what happens.
Gail Glazerman - UBS : Okay and Mike, do you have any detail on private label shares and what they did in the quarter?
Mike Masseth: Yes. If you look at them sequentially, the only category where private label did not go up was facial tissue. If you look year-over-year it is similar trends, but not as many categories were private label shares up.
Gail Glazerman  UBS: Okay and was it up significantly, one point a hundred
Mike Masseth: A couple of categories and when you are looking sequential were below a percent. In the 1% to 2% towels was the most significant, close to 3%.
Gail Glazerman - UBS : Okay. After you make the $530 million pension contribution in 09 will you be fully funded?
Thomas Falk: Nope.
Gail Glazerman - UBS : Okay, can you give me any sense of the funding?
Mark Buthman: All of that will be in the K, but basically your contributions are defined by the pension protection act as to how quickly you have to fund it. Typically you are going to fund any short fall over three to four years.
Operator: Your next question comes from Wendy Nicholson with Citi Investment Research.
Wendy Nicholson - Citi Investment Research: My first question has to do with your pricing outlook. Assuming youre not planning on rolling back any pricing in the US, I am actually surprised that the target for the year the 2% to 3% increase isnt higher, because I would have expected you to take pricing overseas to offset some of the devaluations. Are you not doing that?
Thomas Falk: Well the calculus you are looking at overseas, if you look at last year you had very strong currencies and very strong commodities early I the year; so from a local currency standpoint, because the currency had gone up so much, they werent actually seeing a lot of the cost in put. Now you have totally flipped it around where their currencies are weaker, but the commodities are weaker. So everybody is going through that calculus market-by-market as to, has the currency weakened more than the commodity cost and is there a need for pricing. I think the encouraging thing in the fourth quarter was we actually improved our margins just a bit in developing emerging markets. So, even though the size of the P&L is changing we are trying to improve the shape of it as we go through this big swing here.
Wendy Nicholson - Citi Investment Research: So in a market like Brazil today with the devaluation having been as sharp as it has, you havent taken significantly more pricing down there, lets call it over the last 90 days?
Thomas Falk: We took some pretty healthy tissue price increases in Brazil this year, which was a big factor. Now that you see pulp weakening the question will be how much farther can you push that value equation and what is happening in the local marketplace.
Wendy Nicholson - Citi Investment Research: Okay, but fair to say that even with private label having gained some share here in North America, Wal Mart hasnt called and said hey youve got to roll back 5% or 10% of those price increases you took in 07 and 08?
Thomas Falk: I think it is fair to say that all of our customers are sensitive to what is happening in the commodity cost environment and they are trying to make sure they understand the consumer value equation. So, our elasticity is better than ever in terms of where does the consumer trade down, is it absolute price point, is it price per unit, what is the critical variable and try to get that right and try to get the right packings and distribution to really make sure we have got a relevant offering on shelf.
Wendy Nicholson - Citi Investment Research: Okay and with that in mind, the planned downtime, the negative operating leverage, I think you said it was 50 basis points in the third quarter, 80 in the fourth quarter. With inventory levels, I know you cant really tell what inventories are at consumers pantries, but given what you know about where inventories are today at the retail customers, what should we be looking for from a kind of downtime pit to margins?
Thomas Falk: I think you should expect us to be aggressive in continuing to manage our inventories down. I mean our absolute inventory was relatively flat, but when you look at the sales decline it winds up our inventory metrics werent where we wanted them to be. So we are going to continue to watch and see what happens with our sales with the first quarter and take more downtime if needed. It could be as much or more as we did in the fourth quarter though.
h:
Operator: Your next question comes from John Faucher with J.P. Morgan.
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan :
 :
Thomas Falk: Yes, I would say first of all if you look at margin of our segments even at current pricing levels we still havent fully repaired margins from where they were several years ago, particularly in consumer tissue. So, the fact that there was a big swing in commodities, if you look back over three years we have seen kind of consistent margin decline and we are finally starting to get some commodity relief where we can get margins back to where they were three years ago or close to it. So that is sort of the nature of the dialogue is that yes commodities have pulled back, but we never got full realization of the commodity cost increases on the way up. So that is sort of where the discussion starts and then it is looking at what is the right promotion strategy, what is the right pack count by channel and what are their objectives, what are their private label strategies. I would say changing list price is a very blunt instrument, that there are a lot of other things that you do from a marketing standpoint and a strategic marketing standpoint before you got to that.
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan : Okay and you feel like there is pretty good agreement between yourself and your customers that, as you said, there are a couple of other instruments that you can use before you just simply go ahead and lower the list price.
Thomas Falk: I mean the biggest instrument is innovation. We are bringing more news to the category. For example, we rolled out a new, improved, Kleenex Ultra facial tissue. It is much easier to couple a price change with a significantly better product in this market. Then the consumer gets it, the retailer gets is. So, as we have got very robust innovation plans in 09, part of that justifies the value that we are bringing to the retailer end of the consumer.
 :
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan : Okay so not to be a dead horse, but you feel like the retailer understand that concept and agrees with you, at least at this point.
Thomas Falk: Yes, I mean are they going to stand up and say gee  what they really want is to be advantaged. So they would like you to lower their price and leave it the same for everybody else, right? Because, you know, in the end if you take price down you are just taking dollars out of the category, so search their same store sales. It is more about what is the relevant value you are bringing to the consumer. Do we have the right level of innovation? Because if you look at the super premium segment in a lot of our categories it has actually held up very well I this environment, so the areas that have been picked off by private label tend to be the lower end of the category.
Operator: Your next question comes from Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital Markets.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets : Can you tell us what percentage of pension expense is going to hit cost of goods and what percent will hit SG&A?
Thomas Falk: Yes. I think about 70% of the pension expense increase hits cost of sales and the balance hits SG&A. Mark and company are all nodding their heads, so I think that is about right.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets : Okay great. On the P&L I understand where the transaction expense is going to hit, but when we get to your quarterly segment break downs after you have the operating profits by segment we have other unallocated and charges. Which of these three sections is going to get the transaction expense or does it go into the segments themselves?
Thomas Falk: I think to the best we can we will try to put it into the appropriate segment. Where we cant then it will wind up in unallocated.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets : Okay. Also, in the quarter, in the segment section, charges went to zero for the first time in I dont know how many quarters. Is that a reflection of the ending of the restructuring or were there charges and gains that were offset in that particular line?
Thomas Falk: So basically we wrapped up the restructuring program within the fourth quarter. I think we actually had a small gain on the sale of an asset that offset some of the remaining charges, but we have completed the charges that we are going to take against the competitive improvement initiative program with the fourth quarter of 2008 results. We will continue to talk about the benefits as those continue to roll out through the end of 2009, but then we would expect to have that entire program behind us.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets : So in that, I guess it was an expense of about $50 or $55 million for the full year; is that essentially excluding maybe one time items go to zero in 2009?
Thomas Falk: It does.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets : How does your arrangement with Costco and Huggies and private labels diapers work? Is that by contract? Does it come up for bid soon? Is there a time frame on here?
Thomas Falk: We really dont disclose any of the details of any of the relationships that we have with our key customers. We have a very good relationship with Costco and we expect to continue moving that forward for some time to come.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets : But does the business come up for bid? How doe the arrangement work?
Thomas Falk: They talk to us on a regular basis about what they want to accomplish and we have the same discussion with them about what we want to accomplish and as long as we are aligned we move forward together. So far it has been a good relationship for both of us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Linda Weiser with Caris & Company.
Linda Weiser - Caris & Company: I was a little bit curious about K-C Professional, the volume decline of think it was 8% in North America. It got worse since last quarter. Can you remind us what the volume decline, what the worse point was like after 911? I mean can we expect this volume decline to get a lot worse? Also, is it in the tissue part or is it in the non-tissue more equipment type stuff that you are doing in K-C Professional where you are seeing the declines?
Thomas Falk: Well we saw some softness across the board in K-C Professional in the quarter. A lot of it was inventory pull back, but then some of it was just fewer people working. You are also seeing end users really pulling back on spending and carrying less inventory in their operations as well. If you go back to 911, my recollection, which is a little rusty, was that we saw double digit volume declines for a period, but it was shorter and sharper and it came back quicker. We will see what happens here. I think we are preparing for this to be a longer, deeper, recession than we had the last time.
Linda Weiser - Caris & Company: So is your projection for 09 including a continuation of this volume decline?
Thomas Falk: In K-C Professional, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Sawyer with Goldman Sachs.
ndrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs : I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about this idea of getting your tissue margins back to a more historical norm. Obviously you have some commodity relief coming through. How should we think about your willingness to perhaps maybe give us some volume in order to drive tissue margins back towards the teens which has been kind of the multi-year average? And, where do you think your private label tissue competitors stand in terms of generating adequate margins to get adequate returns on invested capital?
Thomas Falk: Well it really depends, across the board if you look at, Europe is probably the biggest private label market. It is probably one of the lowest tissue margin markets in the world as well for everybody. So our margins in Europe arent where they want to be. I mean SEA has a lot of public information around. You can see what their margins look like and they are a big tissue producer on both the branded and private label front. In the US, I think if you look at big the commodity costs, I think we buy pulp as cheap as anybody does. I think we are buying natural gas and our distribution costs are pretty similar to everybody else. We get some scale advantages because of the size of our assets. We are typically in the premium end of the segments that we operate in and that helps us as well. Those are all the things that we focus on as we go forward. If you look at some of the other big players, I mean Georgia-Pacific cook is obviously pretty highly leveraged in this environment still, I think, from their acquisitions. Some of the smaller private label guys as well. So we will see what happens. I think the big question is what is pulp going to do in this environment and we will just have to watch that and see.
ndrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs : If you think about oil staying down in the 45 range and pulp going lower than your 740 number, under that type of scenario are some of the private label competitors in cook in North America leveraged enough and have enough margin destruction over the past few years that perhaps you wouldnt see the price points go down or is that too optimistic a thesis?
Thomas Falk: Well even if you look at tissue today, a lot of the promoted price points havent gone up yet; so there is the list price change at the shelf, but what you are seeing is not a full reflection yet promotionally across all channels of the selling price increase. We are being competitive as well, so it is not everybody else and not us. We are all, I think, trying to find where this is going to settle out.
ndrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs : Do you guys have a tolerance for share losses to drive margins back into the teens in tissue?
Thomas Falk: In key categories we are going to be focused on holding share.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Pederson with RCM.
Alex Pederson  RCM: I am just trying to get a little more clarity on the transactional impact you guys have highlighted from foreign exchange, upward of $0.20 a share and trying to separate it out between what, if I understand correctly are things like Kimberly-Clark to make it go where it is at a balance sheet issue and translation and maybe more of a P&L issue in other markets where input costs, in dollar terms, have sustained higher because of the devaluation. Can you give me just a little more color on what is behind that $0.20? Is it more the inputs on commodities and dollar terms that are up or is it more balance sheet driven items?
Thomas Falk: It is a mix of both. Maybe Mark can give you a little bit more color on that, but
Mark Buthman: Yes, I think one of the things we have highlighted is we have had a great run of our business. We have generated a ton of cash in Latin America and there are some markets that we are planning on pulling cash back to the US in 2009, so we have called that out as something that is a little different year-on-year. Transactions are basically buying commodities in different currencies than we are selling in the local market. Some of those we have hedged and some of those either we cant hedge or the exposures are so small that we dont.
Thomas Falk: Yes in places like Korea and Australia, for example, the currencies have fallen farther than most of the commodities have fallen. So, you will see a bit of an income statement transactional drag there, but then we will also have some balance sheet exposure coming out in Latin America as we are going to try to bring some cash out.
Alex Pederson  RCM: Okay, so the cash out is that, so to speak, a one time impact of that initiative?
Thomas Falk: Well it is not just one transaction so.
Alex Pederson  RCM: Okay and then in the other markets like Korea and Australia, you are talking about basically a gross margin drag from the inputs not falling as fast as the currencies?
Thomas Falk: Yes.
Alex Pederson  RCM: Okay it looks like you had a fair amount of pricing though in your D&E markets. Are you holding pat on the pricing or are you looking to potentially take more as the industry is probably experiencing a similar dollar denominated commodity impact?
Thomas Falk: I think it is going to be a market-by-market event. Part of it is you are also seeing some slowing in some of the more developed, emerging markets. So, as you look at places like Korea and Australia where the economy is slow, your ability to take more price there is probably pretty limited in many categories. There will still be other markets, though, where you are able to get price to offset the higher commodity costs. Markets like Viet Nam where they have had huge inflation, everybody is taking price just to keep up with the inflation in the local market.
Alex Pederson  RCM: So you would describe it as an industry wide or category wide phenomena as opposed to you guys specifically, because you are based in the US?
Thomas Falk: Yes. I think every multi-national is going to be facing some element of this. As you look at what happened to commodities and currencies in the last year it is a pretty unprecedented amount of volatility.
Alex Pederson  RCM: Right and then just on your destocking comments, North America in particular, how do you differentiate between destocking and channel shifting? Because you said if like Nielson data, which is obviously the unfavored channels in this environment, are you seeing a similar level of category slow down in some of the more value-oriented channels?
Thomas Falk: I think if you looked at an estimate of the all outlet that would moderate the Nielson category declines a bit, but you would still see some net decreases across the board. Really every customer is looking to run with less inventory, so you are seeing across every channel customers looking to pull back on inventory levels.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank Securities.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities : Can you talk a little bit more about the pace of sales as the quarter progressed? I mean was October great, November soft and then December got terrible? I know you kind of called it out. Another question along those lines is how much of that is related to lack of credit for some distributors in emerging markets. Then kind of what you are seeing sort of January to date in terms of what are levels that have bounced back because the credit markets kind have unfroze a little bit.
Thomas Falk: Yes, I mean I guess I would probably decline to give you monthly sales data. I would say typically December is a bigger month, because it has more shipping days in it than November. That was the case again. I would say in the US on diapers we were probably a little weaker early in the quarter, because of some of the competitive promotion pricing that was happening in certain channels that we responded to in December, so things picked up a bit from there. January, it is early days yet, so we watch daily sales. I would say all signs are the economy is not getting better, but I cant say that it is getting progressively worse either at this point.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities :
 :
Thomas Falk: A lot of retailers have a January 31 year-end so they are obviously very focused on that is when their balance sheet date gets measured for their working capital metrics. I am sure you will see them push that hard to try to make sure that they have their balance sheet looking the way that they want it before the end of the year.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities : Okay great. Then if you look at, operating margins in Europe this year I know will be in the 10-K, but I wondered if you could just give it to us now.
Thomas Falk: They will be down, so basically we are going to probably wind up giving back a good bit of the progress we have made over the last several years in the restructuring with some of the impact of whats happened in Europe this year. I would say if you look at the shape of it all of our businesses are profitable there. We have generated a lot of cash in Europe again this year, but it is not as profitable as we would like it to be overall.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities : Okay and that, like you said, should probably help the currency transaction translation piece as well, right?
Thomas Falk: Sure.
 :
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities : Okay and then I was just looking at your currency assumptions in the footnotes. It looks like everything is sort of realistic with spot prices, except for the [regal] and the pound. Is there any magic to the 159-pound estimate, because that is a big business for you guys? Then if you look at the [regal] it also assumes, I think it is at a 0.3 now. I think it was 0.48 in your assumptions.
Thomas Falk: We set those all the same way as we set the commodity costs. We set this stuff up in early December before roll up of forecast at the end of December and that is basically where the forwards were for all of those rates.
Mike Masset: Yes, I would say in the last six weeks the pound and the euro separated a little bit. I think it is just a reflection of that.
Thomas Falk: We will continue to look at it and one that we never get right.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities :
 :
Thomas Falk: Well I think that is basically taking how much of each of those commodities we buy and pricing it at its US dollar equivalent.
 :
Mark Buthman: The transaction is an offset to that.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities : Okay so it is $300 million less that [interposing].
Thomas Falk: Okay if we buy 2  million tons of pulp and pulp is going to cost us $20.00 a ton less next year, that is $50 million or there about.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Lamar from Federated Investors.
Ann Lamar - Federated Investors: Can you talk philosophically about pricing and volumes? I know you have talked about continued focus on price realization, but can see there is obvious some economic sensitivity and you have been aggressive on price. So, as we see with the volumes there is some response. I am just wondering if you are comfortable with this heightened level of mid-single digit or single digit volume declines given that you are losing some share and consumers are trading down in light of the economy. I understand the destocking, but what if it is more or more persistent then that? Could you just talk about in general volumes versus pricing?
Thomas Falk: Sure. Our goal is not to lose share in key categories, so the question is how long and how far, if you lose a share point, how quickly do you have to work to get that back. If you look at our planning assumptions for our businesses for the year, we are really not assuming we are going to lose share in any of our key categories. We deal with innovation, which we have a robust innovation plan coming forward in each of our major businesses so that is a key element. But, you also have to keep an eye on what is happening with the competition and make sure that you are competitive. We are trying to do an even better job of understanding what consumers want in this type of environment, because they are conserving cash and making sure we get the right promotional offerings that fit their paycheck is a key element of our strategy as well.
Ann Lamar - Federated Investors: When you speak of share you are speaking more dollar share though. Is that a fair statement?
Thomas Falk: Thats a fair statement.
Ann Lamar - Federated Investors: Okay. Do you want to comment more specifically on volume?
Thomas Falk: I would say given that most of our premium competitors have followed, and there has even been some private label movement on price, you are not going to see big, big shifts at this time between unit volume share and dollar share.
Operator: Your next question comes from Frederick Searby with EverKey Global.
Frederick Searby - EverKey Global : You had I think it was an $0.08 cent, a pretty big hit from Kimberly-Clark de Mexico, which is obviously non-cash relate to the dollar debt translation. What are you assuming in your guidance for -0, because that would flow off the Mexican peso, would be the hit there? It seems like a big swing factor, even though it is somewhat deceptive.
Thomas Falk: I think Mexico is assuming a relatively flat year overall with some of the decline in peso translation year-over-year being offset in progress elsewhere in the business. I think we are pegging the peso for the year at around 13, so that would actually assume a little bit of appreciation from what we saw at the end of the year; so that is something that we will have to watch closely. We have probably got a little bit of downside there if the peso gets appreciably worse.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Have ad-marketing rates gone down? In other words, to make a consumer impression is it now less expensive than you might have thought two months ago?
Thomas Falk: Yes, I think there is some weakness in ad spending. If I just judge it by watching prime time TV and how many times they tell me I need to get a digital box to get my TV service to work after February 17. I am sure that is ad space they couldnt sell any other way; so I am guessing you are going to see a bit of weakness there. What we are seeing is we should be able to get even better coverage for what we are planning on spending in 09 and if there is opportunities to trim it a bit and still hit our strategic marketing objectives we will absolutely take advantage of that. I would say at this point it hasnt fallen as much as everybody thought it would.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Okay, so you havent put any improved rates in your estimates yet?
Thomas Falk: We think we were realistic but there is probably some upside there depending on how slow the economy gets.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Okay and then back to the question. I am trying to get a handle on the magnitude of this pantry deloading. Just to on diapers if I were to look at them plus Wal Mart, is the volume in terms of consumer purchasing in the fourth quarter down 2% something like that?
Thomas Falk: I think the category itself overall was pretty flat. You would say normally it would be up a percent or so in a normal environment.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: And this is in volume terms?
Thomas Falk: Yes. So what we would see typically is some, we saw the shift to the larger pack format, but it was in part driven by some of the price roll backs in some channels on the larger pack format.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Okay, so that is really not every much of a disparity.
Thomas Falk: Not as much in diapers. The closer you are to a product that, you know if you run out of diapers or you run out of bathroom tissue that is a trip to the store for somebody. If you run out of some of our other categories it may go on the list, but it may not make this repurchase cycle.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: If I were to look at tissue and include Wal Mart in the fourth quarter, was the category volume also sort of flat?
Thomas Falk: I would say bath tissue was down about probably low to mid single digits. Towels were down mid potentially high single digits. Some of that in bath tissue is an impact of desheating. We measure the category in tens of thousands of sheets and so as some of the competitors and us have taken sheets out over the year that is a part of it, but a part of it is also consumers trending towards buying smaller count packs and less towards buying the large bundle count packs.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: And what would the comparable number be for childcare category?
Thomas Falk: Childcare, there you are seeing the category in some ways shift more into diapers; so some of the strength in diapers is the effect that consumers, rather than pay the higher per piece price for training pants are just leaving them in diapers a little longer and training in diapers.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: So the childcare category might have been including Wal Mart down
Thomas Falk: Oh probably mid to high singles.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Okay and that is volume.
Thomas Falk: That is right.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Excellent, then I have one final question. Did you give a CapEx projection for 09?
Thomas Falk: Yes. I think we said $800 to $850 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lauren Lieberman from Barclays Capital.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital : One of my questions is on the cost outlook. One piece that wasnt discussed was just on recycled fiber. Prices there have just completely plummeted, so I think would think that that is a relatively large positive at least than away from home margins?
Thomas Falk: Yes, it should be. That is sort of a recent phenomenon. We went from a shortage last fall to a glut and you are actually finding some municipalities now are land filling recycled fiber because they have nowhere to go with it. The export market to China has almost completely dried up as some of the Chinese companies have pulled back on their purchasing, so that is starting to flow through at this point in time and so we are seeing prices that were up over $200 a ton for an extended period and now you are seeing pricing in the high 100s and in some cases even a bit lower than that, so there could be some more upside there for us. But again, we are in the process of implementing a number of price increases and so if in fact your input costs come down it will probably be a little bit more difficult to pass along as much price as we have assumed in that business.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital : Okay great and then the final question would be do you have anything specific on goals for 09 inventory levels?
Thomas Falk: Yes. If you look at working capital overall, we are going to look to take three days out of the cash conversion cycle and so most of that is going to be coming out of inventory.
Operator: Your last question comes from Chip Dillon from Dillon Investment Research.
Chip Dillon - Dillon Investment Research: Just to follow up earlier, in light of the decline in shareholders equity and if you add the under funded pension of about $2 billion to the debt, is that something that you feel, I think you are comfortable with it and certainly I am, but do you feel you need to approach the ratings agencies or have they approached you just in order to talk that out and protect their credit rating?
Thomas Falk: Well we have an ongoing dialogue with the rating agencies, as you would expect. We have been talking to them all year about what is going on and we will continue to have discussions with them. The credit rating is very important to us, so maintaining that solidly rated credit, especially in a market like this where access to credit isnt as robust as it was just a year ago is something that is every important to us. We will be talking with the rating agencies about the positives from our cash flow standpoint, from our margin improvement in the fourth quarter, and how we are going to manage through some of the pension funding issues.
Chip Dillon - Dillon Investment Research: You are not buying back stock either this year as well?
Mark Buthman: Yes, we generate quite a bit of cash and pensions become a higher priority for funding requirements. The good thing is we generate healthy cash flow and we have got opportunities to meet that obligation.
Chip Dillon - Dillon Investment Research: And obviously if we have a recovery like we have always had, eventually that might actually open up quite a bit of free cash flow in future years as well.
Mark Buthman: That would be great; we look forward to that.
Mike Masset: Folks we will end the call here. Tom I will ask you for a couple of wrap-up comments please.
Thomas Falk: Well once again, this has been a challenging environment. We are doing all of the things you would want us to do as shareholders of Kimberly-Clark to run the company for your benefit. So, expect us to continue to drive innovation to invest in our brands and to manage our costs aggressively as we go through this process. Thank you for your interest in Kimberly-Clark.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: 
 :
 :
 : Randy Vest  VP & Controller
Analysts: Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein Gail Glazerman - UBS John Hausey  J.P. Morgan Chase Connie Maneaty  BMO Capital Markets William Schmitz  Deutsche Bank Alice Longley  Buckingham Research Chris Ferrara  Merrill Lynch Jason Gere  Wachovia Lauren Lieberman  Barclays Chip Dillon  Independent Research Linda Bolton Weiser  Caris & Company 
Operator:  Excuse me everyone, we now have your speakers in conference. Please be aware each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of the presentation, we will open the floor for questions. At that time instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question. I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Masseth. Mr. Masseth, you may begin, sir.
Mike Masseth:  Thanks, David. Good morning everyone. We appreciate your interest in Kimberly-Clark. With us today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO; and Randy Vest, Vice President and Controller. Here is the agenda for todays call. Mark will start with a review of our third quarter results. Then, Tom will provide his perspective and that will leave us with plenty of time for Q&A. And for those wishing to follow along, we have a presentation of todays materials, as usual, in the Investors section of our website, which is www.kimberly-clark.com. First, let me remind you that well be making forward-looking statements during the call today. There can be no assurance that future events will occur as anticipated or that the Companys results will be as estimated. Please refer to the risk factors section of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of factors that could cause our future results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. We will also be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted earnings per share, adjusted operating profit, and adjusted operating margin. Management believes that reporting in this manner enables investors to understand and analyze our ongoing results of operations. For additional information on why we make these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP, see todays news release as well as additional information on our website. Now, Ill turn it over to Mark.
Mark Buthman:  Thanks, Mike. Good morning. I am going to briefly review the quarter and I will start with the top line. Sales increased about 8% to $5 billion, including favorable currency effects of less than 3%.  Organic growth was solid at almost 6%, but driven by our focus center improving net realized revenue which led to a four point gain in net selling prices and two points of improved product mix.  Total sales volumes were down about 1% and were impacted more than we anticipated by higher prices.  Were also seeing some effects of economic weakness and slower category growth for consumer trade down. Now turning the top line for each of our segments. In personal care sales climbed almost 12%. Strong organic growth of about 9% was driven by increased sales volumes and higher net selling price, each up about 4%. Improved product mix contributed an additional point of growth. In North America, sales increased nearly seven percent. New selling prices rose four points while buying and mix each advanced more than 1%. The gain in selling prices included good progress from our mid-July increases on diapers and training pants. The volume growth was mostly due to our marketing leading Huggies baby wipes. Buy ins for Huggies diapers and our child care brands were similar to year ago levels and generally in line with plan. Although we did experience short term impact from increasing prices ahead of our major competitor. Moving to Europe, personal care sales volumes were off 8%. Huggies volumes and core markets were down the same percent as the promotional environment in Europe continues to be very competitive.  In developing and emerging markets, personal care sales jumped nearly 20%, thats the 16th consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. Organic sales rose 15%, as volumes increased 9% and improved pricing mix contributed total of six points of growth.  Volume highlights included low 20s growth in the fast growing BRICIT countries. Double-digit growth in Latin America overall. And good performance in South Korea and Vietnam.  Now turning to Consumer Tissue, sales rose 5%, including three points of benefit from currency. Net selling prices were up 7%, with solid increases around the world and improved mix also benefited sales by 2%. Volumes fell about 7%, given the cost environment, were trading off some volume in order to improve revenue realization.  In North America, net sales decreased 2%, higher net selling prices of 6%, and improved product mix were more than offset by a 9% decline in volumes. On the pricing front, benefits came primarily from the role product increases we implemented in the first quarter. And again in early August. Kleenex facial tissue prices went up toward the end of the third quarter. Weve made some progress so far with the execution of our third quarter price increases, but it's still early days and we continue to watch promoted price points carefully.  Regarding volumes, there are plenty of details in the news release, but in short, branded lines were down across all categories. In addition, the buying declines continue to reflect our decision to exist some low margin, private label business at the end of last year.  Now switching to Europe, Consumer Tissue organic sales were up modestly. Net selling prices rose 4% due to increases in several markets. Volumes fell about the same percent in response to the price increases and category weakness, particularly in the U.K. In the developing and emerging markets, Consumer Tissue organic sales roses 13%, driven by a 12 point gain in net selling prices, and four points of improved mix.  Now, moving to K-C Professional and Other, sales increased 8%, including three points from currency. Organic sales rose 5%, driving by higher net selling prices of 4%, improved mix of 2%. Overall, sales volumes were down one point in the quarter.  KCP continues to make progress with its targeted growth initiatives with double-digit global sales growth for high margin diapers and safety products in the quarter. In North America, KCP organic sales rose about 2% as price and mix each advanced 3%. Compared to a strong year ago, volumes were down 4%, were impacted somewhat by our focus on increasing prices, and the current economic environment.  In Europe, KCP had a great quarter, with double-digit buying growth, and two points of higher prices. And in the developing and emerging markets, KCP organic sales continued to increase at double-digit rates.  Lastly, Health care segment sales increased 4%. Top line growth was driven by higher volumes of 5%, and currency benefits of 1%. Those gains were partially offset by lower net selling prices of 2% reflecting continued competitive conditions in the surgical supplies market.  Health Care sales volumes were up 4% in surgical supplies, led by double-digit growth in exam gloves. Our higher margin medical device business had a solid quarter as well, with 6% volume growth.  Now moving to operating profit and cost savings and for this discussion, Ill refer to adjusted operating profit and margin, which excludes certain charges and gains detailed in this mornings news release.  Third quarter operating fell 9% to $626 million with an operating margin of 12.5%. Profitability was impacted by cost inflation of about $250 million the quarter. Thats the highest quarterly amount weve ever faced. Costs continue to increase during the quarter for many of our oil based inputs, reflecting the affects of the spike in oil prices earlier in the year. Despite the inflation, we continue to reinvest in our brands. Strategic marketing investments increased by $25 million, rising faster than sales. Margins were also impacted by 60 to 70 basis points from planned production downtime we took in order to improve our inventory position. Now, turning to cost savings, total savings were $47 million the third quarter. Our ongoing FORCE program generated savings of $19 million the quarter, thats despite higher spending in some of our facilities and below average productivity overall.  In terms of the strategic cost reduction plan, we realized $28 million of yearend year benefit in the quarter and were tracking to exceed our original target for the year. Our teams remain very focused on cost savings in this environment. And we will deliver significant savings for the year. However, given year-to-date results of $137 million, we may fall short of our full year objective of $200 million to $250 million in savings for the year. Now, lets look briefly at third quarter segment operating margins. As expected, margins were down in all segments due to the inflationary pressures were facing. That said, Personal Care profitability remained healthy at nearly 19%. Moreover, K-C Professional and other margins improved nicely from the second quarter. Besides the input cost inflation, all segments were impacted by the production downtime I just mentioned. Thats particularly true in Consumer Tissue and Health Care.  Now, switching briefly to taxes, the adjusted effective tax rate in the third quarter was 28.2% towards the low end of our previous guidance for a rate in the 28% to 30% range. Based on what we know now, the fourth quarter 2008 adjusted rate should be in the 27% to 29% range. Turning to equity income, equity income advanced 35% primarily due to increased earnings at K-C to Mexico. KCMs results reflected double digit sales growth and a favorable income tax settlement, partially offset by cost inflation and currency losses incurred on about $300 million of U.S. dollar denominated debt.  The benefit to K-C from KCMs tax settlement was equivalent to about 0.03 per share, while the negative impact of the currency losses was about 0.01 per share. Now, moving to cash flow and the balance sheet. Cash provided by operations was $641 million, thats up 13% from the year-ago period. Mainly because of improved working capital performance. While our working capital matrix have improved over the last two quarters, we still have opportunities to improve our performance even further.  Looking at capital spending, we invested $219 million in the quarter. That brings year-to-date spending to $652 million. And were on track with our full year investment target of $850 million to $950 million. Regarding share repurchases, we bought back 2.5 million shares of KMB stock at a cost of about $130 million during the quarter. Bringing year-to-date repurchases to $550 million.  Our solid balance sheet and capital structure has served us well in these uncertain times. In this environment, were being somewhat more conservative with our balance and with capital deployment. As a result, we now expect to repurchase $600 to $650 million worth of our stock for the year. We also anticipate making a contribution toward U.S.-defined pension plan in the fourth quarter.  So that wraps up the financial review. To recap the quarter, we achieved solid top line growth. Our margins were weighed down by significant cost inflation. Bottom line results were in line with plan, and we delivered improved our cash flow. Now Ill turn it over to Tom.
Tom Falk:  Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Ill comment briefly on the third quarter, and then Ill review the outlook for the balance of the year, and then well get to your questions.  My headline this morning is that were managing through a very challenging environment. And our near term focus is on revenue realization and net cash flow. At the same time, were doing whats right for the long term health of the business.  My perspective on our third quarter results would be to highlight several key points. First Im proud of our Kimberly-Clark teams and how theyve responded in the fact of unprecedented cost inflation. Thanks to their efforts, weve delivered solid organic sales growth of almost 6%. Our businesses in developing and emerging markets are also very healthy and made a big contribution to our growth in the quarter.  Our D&E teams are capitalizing on the opportunities that these rapidly growth markets offer us, with a blend of great marketing, good product innovation and strong customer relationships.  Then second, our focus on improving realized revenue is beginning to pay off. And thats the key to offsetting the cost inflation weve experience and restoring our margins. Weve been particularly focused on revenue realization in our Consumer Tissue and K-C Professional businesses.  So Im encouraged. The net selling prices were up about 4% in the quarter. And then our product mix was 2% favorable as well. Although as Mark mentioned, our pricing leadership has held our volumes back more than we expected. And this environment, staying focused on revenue realization is the right focal point for us.  And then third, Im pleased by the continued strength of our cash flow and our balance sheet. Our financial strength has served us well over the years. So despite the recent turbulence in financial markets, we have had ready access to credit and the demand for Kimberly-Clarks commercial paper program has continued to be strong.  Our financial strength also enables us to pay out healthy dividends. And that provides an attractive yield to our shareholders and demonstrates our confidence in the future.  So now let me turn to the outlook. The unprecedented volatility in global commodity currency and financial markets has resulted in as high a level of uncertainty in the current business environment than Ive ever seen. So looking at our businesses today, there are a lot of moving parts. And many of these are experiencing significant fluctuations, even on a daily basis.  And while this makes it more challenging to predict our results in the near term, the plan we are following is pretty clear. Were making sure we effectively manage the factors we can control. So were building our brands, were improving our key capabilities, were reducing our costs, and then were deploying our cash in ways that are fair to our shareholders.  And these are the right things for us to do to ensure the long term health of our business. At the same time, were taking the appropriate steps to improve our near term results. Were driving price of mix, were working on increasing our efficiency and continuing to reduce our working capital.  So our plan for the fourth quarter, target solid organic sales growth in the mid-single digits. And thats going to be driven primarily by higher net selling prices and improved product mix.  Sales volume growth in the fourth quarter will likely be relatively weak due to our focus on revenue realization in areas of the economy that are also experiencing weakness.  Nonetheless, we still expect to maintain higher levels of investment and strategic marketing in our customer development activities.  Given the significant changes in foreign currency exchange rates over the last month, we would now expect that currency will be a drag on our fourth quarter sales comparisons, instead of the benefit weve been experiencing over the past several years.  And meanwhile, the price increases that weve implemented during the third quarter, along with some benefits from recent commodity cost reductions, should help drive a sequential improvement and adjusted operating profit in the fourth quarter, versus the third quarter. And that assumes consumer demand holds up, and that there are no material changes in input costs and keep foreign currencies from the current levels were experiencing today. And the currencies that were obviously watching most closely are listed in the presentation slides to this presentation today.  Im encouraged that commodity costs have recently started to decline, however it could take a while. It could take up to six months before those lower costs are fully realized in our results. While the currency hit from the recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar is reflected almost immediately.  In fact, we now estimate that the recent changes in the currency exchange rates that have happened in the last month, will have an adverse impact on our fourth quarter results by about 0.10 to 0.15 per share, versus our previous plan. And this includes sizeable currency translation and transaction losses at Kimberly-Clark New Mexico.  Again, were assuming current rates here, and the Paso has dropped about 15% over the last three weeks, and I believe it's off again this morning.  So all in all, based on what we know today, we expect adjusted earnings per share in the fourth quarter will be in a range of $1.02 to $1.07, and that compares with $1.11 per share in 2007.  Given the anticipated fourth quarter performance, we now expect our adjusted earnings per share for the full year 2008 will be in a range of $4.15 to $4.20. Again thats versus $4.25 per share in 2007. And this new guidance compares with our previous guidance of adjusted earnings per share of $4.20 to $4.30.  So, to summarize, our top line growth strategies continue to deliver good organic growth as we execute our target of growth initiatives. Increase in net selling prices, and continue to improve product mix.  And although unprecedented levels of inflation have interrupted our bottom line growth, several levels of inflation have interrupted our bottom line growth, we have taken aggressive steps to offset the cost pressures. As a result, today, we are in a good position to improve our margins sequentially in the fourth quarter. And that will set the stage for further progress in 2009.  Our teams are committed to improving our performance, and Im also hopeful that well realize more benefits from recent commodity cost reductions once the currency and commodity costs, commodity markets settle down. But given the volatility that were experiencing in the current environment, this could take some time. So, regardless of the environment that were in, you can count on us to stay true to our Global Business Plan strategies, and these are designed to build strong, enduring brands of franchises. And were confident this route will create long-term sustainable growth for Kimberly-Clark, and long term value for our shareholders.  With that, thank you for your interest today. And wed now be happy to start to take your questions.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, at this time the floor is now open for your questions. (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from Ali Dibadj from Sanford Bernstein.
Tom Falk: Morning Ali.  
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein: A few questions. One is first on price realization and, obviously the austicity were, a little bit worse than you suspected. And it looks like at least tissue is kind of creeping more towards one in terms of the austicity. What do you expect in terms of, you know, price, I mean I guess relaxation going forward? How do you think youre going to have to take down your prices, particularly as commodities, maybe do start rolling over here. 
Tom Falk:  Well at this point, you know were still trying to focus on realizing price and youre not seeing as much of the commodity cost thats flowed through at this stage. You know, the pulp had just started to crack a bit this last month. You saw a $60 decline in southern hardwood. But if you look at a lot of the other cost inputs, and things like super absorbents and other things, were really not seeing much cost declines yet.  So, you know, at this point, you know weve been aggressively pushing price up. Weve been taking our promoted price points up where we can. Not everybody in the category has so we know theres going to be some volume exposure while we go through that. The one well probably watch closely is things like facial tissue, which the price increase just went in at the end of the quarter. And so obviously were heading into the cold and flu season. Well how that performs as we go through that environment.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein: But you mentioned a couple things in there. One is some of you may not have seen the decline in commodities just yet. But as that starts happening, hopefully, would you then expect to have to push back on pricing. I say that in the context of, youre already seeing, you know you mentioned it a couple times in your remarks early and also in the press release, a competitive dynamic that is clearing being aggressive on pricing, whether it be private label, whether it be some of these other branded players. 
Tom Falk: Yeah, I think it's something that obviously, were going to watch closely. Were, if you look at our shares for the quarter, they were basically pretty stable. A little bit of weakness in tissue. A little bit of private label improvements. So thats something that well obviously continue to watch. And you know in the end were going to want to be competitive. But I also think in this environment where theres been so much cost inflation, you know our focus is also to improve our margins in this period. 
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein: And are margins are one of the leverage your pulling out these cost savings and it looks like it disappointed a little bit this quarter. Is there a possibility, or how big is the possibility that you had pulled forward your cost savings projects in the face of high commodities, and now you have a little bit less left going forward?
Tom Falk: I think it's a couple things. As you look at the breakdown on the material specification changes. We continue to do pretty well and show strong cost savings on that front. Productivity was actually negative for the first time in a while, which you know, we took more downtime in the quarter, which we try to track separately. But obviously when youre taking more downtime, you dont run as well either, so that was a part of it. Negotiated material price savings, you know, obviously and the kind of inflation weve had recently, it's harder to get facts from vendors. And then the all other at the end, you know theres no one big thing in there. I think theres a little bit of inflation thats flowing into that number.  I also think with more downtime we probably didnt control our maintenance spending as well as we could have. So I continue to believe that there is good opportunity for us to deliver for savings over the long term, consistent with the goals weve set. Though were probably going to fall short in 2008 of the goals we set for the year.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein: Okay and last question is on Personal Care. Thats where we immediately saw margins this quarter come down significantly. Can you talk a little bit about that? Is it pack sizing shift, is it channel shift, is it private label, is it market increases? Just give us a sense of that please, thanks.
Tom Falk: Yeah, a couple of things there. You know there was an increase in strategic marketing. Personal Care probably had a disproportionate amount of that. You know they had, they also got the brunt of the polymer cost increase kind of came in in the quarter. So polymer costs were higher in July than they were in June, and higher in August than July, and September they pretty well stayed up at that high level. So that flowed through in the quarter. Theres a little bit of a mix shift is that, you know that second quarter is a pretty big Little Swimmers quarter for us. And so, you know, you saw a relatively less Little Swimmers in the third quarter, and more of the rest of the product mix flow through there. So probably, you know, our second quarter margins are usually a bit of a high point for us. So, those are probably the three biggest factors I think that affected the comparison.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein: Okay thanks. 
Tom Falk:  Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman  UBS:  Hi, good morning.
Tom Falk: Morning Gail. 
Gail Glazerman - UBS: I guess going back to the volume trends, can you give me a little bit more color, and how much of, if you think youd get any of it back, as other competitors follow with price increases? You mentioned you havent lost much shares. If you could maybe give a little bit, a little bit more color, particularly in the towel segment that you reference.
Tom Falk:  Yeah, in the consumer tissue volume there are several things going on this quarter. Some of it is we shed some private label volume earlier in the year which has been a comparison all year in that segment. There was also some de-sheeting that happened late last year in Cottonelle that we track as volume negative and a price positive. So thats in there. And then, youve seen some category weakness, where it actually the facial and towel categories have been, were a little bit weaker in the third quarter than they have been historically.  And then lastly, you know, weve probably lost a little bit of share, probably a point of share in sequentially in bath and towel. So, all of those factors combined make it a pretty ugly volume quarter for consumer tissue. You also an emerging marketing, particularly in Latin America, were very aggressive on price. Took price up strong double digits in many Latin American markets. And took some volume risk there at the same time. 
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay, any of the weakness in the third quarter, do you think any of that would be customer inventorys of stocking?
Tom Falk: Id say in some markets we, you know, we saw household inventory do stocking, more than customer inventory do stocking. The U.K., for example, the bath category was down pretty strongly. Big shift to private label in the U.K., but you also saw less lift than normal from the large count pack promotions, where consumers were buying much smaller pack counts, and not willing to inventory load as much as they may have in the past, even though the promotional price points were similar.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay, and just switching gears on the cost side. I totally understand it's going to take some time to flow through. But can you give us a sense, a little bit of a sense us moving into 2009, and the (inaudible) prices have started to move the last few months, waste paper is coming off dramatically. You probably dont have particular hedges or anything that would stop that from flowing through. I mean, just, when would you expect, I guess, to see the bulk of the release assuming things stay where they are today.
Tom Falk:  Yeah, I guess, let me just talk about each of the commodity areas. Diesel fuel, obviously the one that we see first. So that, you know, whatever the carriers pay, flow through pretty quickly. So diesel, you know, weve already started to see a little bit of benefit from. You know pulp would probably be next. Obviously you carry some inventory, and obviously you have your finished product in inventory.  So youve probably got, you know, four to eight weeks of inventory in the system, between raw materials and finished stock that will, that will need to flow through before you start to see the benefits on both pulp and secondary fiber. Obviously southern hardwood dropped $60 a ton last month. I think northern softwood is up about $20 a ton. Weve seen some very recent, like in the last couple of weeks, secondary fiber dropping $30 to $40 a ton as some of the Chinese exporters are not able to get letters of credit to be able to move some of that product overseas.  So thats actually, what were not sure of is how temporary that is, as more liquidity comes into the financial system. Will that export market pick up again at some point. So thats one were watching pretty carefully. Polymer takes a bit longer. Theres some of our polymer suppliers and super absorbent suppliers are still feeling some of the after affects of the hurricane season that went through the Southern U.S., particularly Hurricane Ike.  So weve had some of the base monomers that go into making super absorbent and making some of our other polymers have been in very short supply. Weve even been on crisis management allocation programs to try to manage through that. And as that comes back into better balance, we expect to see ultimately the benefit of lower oil prices flow through there. But itll probably, that could take, you know, ultimately three to six months to show up in some cases.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay.
Tom Falk: Is that enough color for you Gail?
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Yeah thats great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Hausey from J.P. Morgan Chase
Tom Falk: Hello John.
John Hausey  J.P. Morgan Chase: Good morning everyone. I guess just a quick follow up on that. You know, you guys had mentioned volatility in the raw materials a couple of times in your prepared remarks. And I guess, you know, we got a little bit of color of that. I mean, I would guess to sort of interpret it what youre basically saying is the trend is in the right direction, but is it just the day-to-day volatility that makes you think that? You know, look, were going to be, you know, were going to hold off in terms of saying we have this, you know, it's moving in our favor. Or is it sort of theres still things on the horizon that make you think okay, you know we could see this thing whipsaw back to where its a little unfavorable.
Tom Falk:  If youre talking to a supplier today, I mean theyve been, you know, they're using an oil-based feed stock, theyve been whipsawing for the last three years. Theyve been behind on price realization. So they're sitting looking at oil at, you know, $70 or just under $70. And you know, is their center point $100 a barrel, or $120 a barrel, or $80 a barrel. And so, they're trying to think about, you know, and plan for whats that more likely to look like. And you know, it's only been in the last month or so that it's really come off. And you know, there still remember $147 oil peak and thinking were a couple bad days in the market from running back up there. And so, in the end, it will start to correct.  But in the near term, I think everybodys trying to figure out what the zero point is. And in some cases, youre seeing commodities still go up. I mean corrugate for us and which we use a lot of cardboard boxes to move our product, that was up high-single, low double-digits again, still in this quarter. So youre not seeing some of these costs come off as much as you might think.
John Hausey  J.P. Morgan Chase: So it sounds, and I hate to paraphrase for you, but it sounds like what it is is its less volatility than more caution. And you know the volatility really would be you cant predict, you know, every single raw material is moving in one direction or the other. Are those two fair statements then?
Tom Falk:  Yeah I think thats fair. Youve seen some of the I think some of the CEOs have been out, taking multiple price increases in a quarter. You havent seen the announcements of them rolling any of those back yet. 
John Hausey  J.P. Morgan Chase: Yes. Okay. And then one other question to follow up again on the buy back. Just so I understand, I mean you guys talk I think a little bit about caution in terms of reducing the buy back guidance. Is that caution in terms of being able to access the debt markets, is that just, you know, look as numbers come down you want to just hold on to a little bit more cash? Just give us a little bit of a sort of philosophical view in terms why youre being a little more cautious on the buy back.
Tom Falk:  Yeah, Ill let Mark talk about that, to add a little more color, in the end were going to put some money in the pension plan of the fourth quarter. May have to make a contribution in the first quarter. Weve got to buy out the rest of our (inaudible) affiliate, which I think weve announced and thatll happen in the first quarter. So weve got a couple of calls on cash coming in the first quarter, and were probably going to just make sure weve got some try powder here. But Mark if you want to add anything to that. 
Mark Masseth: Yeah I think thats a fair characterization. It's not a big shift. Well still buy back between two and three percent of our shares for the year. Which is our long range target. Have had good call on our commercial paper access. You know, weve got $850 million of CP in the market and were usually plus or minus $200 million of that. And you know in this environment with the volatility of the financial markets maybe being on the low end of our typical range is, you know, we just feel is a smarter place to be.
John Hausey  J.P. Morgan Chase: Okay, but it sounds like it's more, you know, it's more about uses of cash than sources of cash right now.
Tom Falk:  Yeah thats fair. 
Mark Masseth: Wed expect to see another solid cash flow quarter.
John Hausey  J.P. Morgan Chase: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital Markets.
Tom Falk:  Morning Connie.
Connie Maneaty  BMO Capital Markets: Morning. When do the falls in other currencies start to affect demand in those markets? Do you have a sense of that?
Tom Falk:  I was just on some forecast calls as Mark was with our emerging markets team. And you know, early days, but were not seeing it in demand. And you know they run the business in local currency every day. So the, you know, the U.S. exchange rate is kind of an (inaudible) of how they think about the business every day. I mean obviously it affects their input costs, so to the extent that they were buying a lot of product or material that was imported from the U.S. You know they might see some translated increases.  On the other hand, most of those commodities have gone down and costs on a relative basis. So I think theyre all still trying to do the net calculus to see if they need any further price increase to recover the net swing there between commodity costs drop and exchange rate change. But, you know I think that, you know, overall, were still pretty (inaudible) out of emerging markets. We saw another solid quarter of growth. I would expect in local currency to see another solid quarter in the fourth quarter.
Connie Maneaty  BMO Capital Markets: Now as you look at whats going on with currencies, do you, does it seem to you that it is primarily a translation impact, and that the memories of what happened between you know, 1995 and 2001, when all the currencies, emerging markets currencies dropped through the floor. And really affected business on a local level. Do you see (inaudible)?
Tom Falk:  Well I guess I think it's sort of chicken and the egg issue here. Because Im not sure its the local currencies that are moving versus the U.S. dollar thats moving. So, I mean it's all in your perspective I guess. But you know certainly as the dollar was weakening, you know those local currencies really were a nice tail wind for us. Now the dollar has swung back the other way and itll be a translation headwind for us. You know, probably the biggest transaction exposure we have is we talked about in the release was Mexico where theyve got a couple hundred million dollars of U.S. dollar denominated debt that we have to market every month. And then in individual markets, they have transaction exposures which we tend to hedge a portion of on a rolling 12 month basis. So they're buying pulp or they're buying polymer and they know what those exposures are 12 months out. Weve got that partially hedged going into 2009. 
Connie Maneaty  BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And then one final question on that. I think you said in your remarks that you expected the single digit sales growth in the fourth quarter. I assume you meant organic sales growth? 
Tom Falk:  Yes.
Connie Maneaty  BMO Capital Markets: And that reported sales are likely to be down because of currency, is that right?
Tom Falk:  Well currency will definitely be a drag. You know, well see. I mean I think you know at this point, organic sales growth will be mid-singles. And then well at this point, (inaudible) exchange rates are trading every day. Id say at current rates, you know well definitely have a headwind from currency in the fourth quarter. 
Connie Maneaty  BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from William Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
Tom Falk:  Morning Bill.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Morning guys. Just to take us up further in the currency thing. Can you just talk about what the translation impact is relative to say a percentage change in the top line?
Tom Falk: Well I mean if you look at just in real gross ballpark numbers, you know, a rough basket of currencies have probably depreciated what 13% to 15% in the last month or so. And developing and emerging markets about a third of the sales, you know, prior to that, 32% of our sales. So, you could see, you know, a 400 to 500 basis point drag on top line just from those. That doesnt include Europe. So, I dont know if Mike or, Mike, if youve got any other perspective on that? 
Mike Masseth:  Yeah.
Tom Falk:  Does that help you?
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Im just trying to figure out what the transaction piece of it is. So if it's 400 to 600 basis points on the top line, whats that translate to on the bottom line. Because I imagine you, I know you hedge a little bit, but you have a fair bit of doubting on the costs as well. 
Tom Falk:  Yeah we dont hedge translation first of all. So we wont spend cash to hedge a non-cash exposure. And well, we typically hedge about half of our transaction exposure on a rolling 12 month basis. So, the amount that were going to hedge every month, well hedge about 1/12th of that going forward. So we would have some of that protected again. Probably the biggest single transaction exposure is in Mexico. So if you look at the, how the Paso performs, weve got a little over $200 million in U.S. dollar debt and probably closer to $300 million in U.S. dollar debt. So you can do the math on what that will cost. I mean probably if you look at just Mexico sequentially, you know, given where the Paso is today and if you strip out the, they had some tax benefits in the third quarter that wont repeat. I mean theres probably 5% of shares sequential draft just from Mexico on the tax and transactional currency impact.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Good. And then just on the P&L pension cost. I mean should we look for a big uptake in the expense piece? I mean should we look for a big uptake in the expense piece of your pension exposure, both next quarter, then looking up to next year?
Tom Falk:  We only set pension expense Bill once a year based on your funded status at the beginning of the year. So you set out your pension assumptions, and then thats your expense for the year. And then, so going into 09, well obviously give you more guidance on it. But you could expect that our pension plan has performed pretty much like the markets performed. And so I would expect both higher funding on the pension plan in 2009, and significantly higher pension expense in 2009. And well give you more color on that in January.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And just one last one if I could. There was no mention of China anywhere in the press release. I mean hows that business trending, after the Olympics obviously?
Tom Falk: Continued to do well. I mean overall, weve just continued to see solid growth in our BRICIT market, so, and China has performed pretty consistently. We havent seen a big fall off there. 
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Hi, good morning. I have a follow up question on currency. And again this is, has to do with the (inaudible) on the bottom line. It sounds as if some of your costs off shore are denominated in dollars such that if the top line were reduced by 5% by currency, would the bottom line be cut by more than that? 
Tom Falk:  I guess (inaudible) the way to think about currency, you know, there is a transaction exposure because we buy pulp everywhere in U.S. dollars. You know we buy a lot of polymer or non-woven materials to be priced in U.S. dollars. Obviously all the local labor content would be in local currency as well. A lot of the other materials that we would source locally where we can. If you look at the places where we make good profit and have strong margins, or some of the markets that were highlighted in the attachment to the earnings call comments this morning.  But Id pay attention to the U.K., Id pay attention to the Korean Won, Id pay attention to the Australian Dollar. Id look at the Mexican Paso. Probably the Brazilian Real. Those would be big markets for us where we generally make pretty good profit. And so youll get both translation exposure, top and bottom line there. But youll also have some transaction exposure on top of it where they're buying some commodities in local currencies. 
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Okay. And along those lines, you told us that the currency hedge versus your former guidance would be 0.10 to 0.15 in the fourth quarter. Could you tell us how much currency has boosted your earnings through the first nine months of the year? 
Tom Falk:  We can, I think Mike or Paul may have that number. 
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Okay. 
Mike Masseth:  It was a couple cents in the third quarter analyst. And for the year-to-date, it's about 0.15. 
Tom Falk:  Okay.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: 0.15?
Mike Masseth:  Yes.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Okay. And on, now my other question is on the fourth quarter. The mid-single digit organic growth. Im just trying to take the pieces apart. Compared to the third quarter, will pricing likely be stronger than the third quarter, and volume weaker than in the third quarter?
Tom Falk:  I think the only new pricing that will be coming in the fourth quarter would be obviously the facial tissue increase we talked about that went into affect late in the third quarter. Weve also got some K-C professional price increases that are beginning to roll out into the fourth quarter. So that would be the biggest up-pick sequentially in price realization. You know, we usually have a stronger volume quarter on facial tissue because of cold and flu, so you know we would be looking for that to be a little bit better sequentially. Other than that, probably pretty similar trends to the third quarter.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: In terms of volume?
Tom Falk:  Yes.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Okay so it sort of flats it down 1% volume?
Tom Falk:  Yeah, again I wouldn't expect to take less than volume, but most of that organic is going to be price in mix.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Okay. And then my last question is about North America Personal Care where the volume deceleration was pretty steep. And you sited child care being down. Is that category down? I guess you said your not losing shares. And I'm wondering there's just (inaudible) de-loading or if consumers actually do cut back on that kind of product in tough times.
Tom Falk: Yeah, we've seen a little bit of shift from training pants into diapers as your seeing, you know, consumers are leaving children in diapers longer, and maybe you know opting for the diaper is less expensive per piece than a training pant. You know we've also, in Personal Care, the other factor that you had in the quarter is that both us and our primary competitor took price increases. Ours went into the market three weeks ahead of our primary competitor. So for three weeks in August we were out there at higher prices. And then there was some, some accounts, some promotional price point differences for about another three weeks. There were about a six week period on both diapers and pants in the quarter where we were at a price disadvantage in at least some key accounts. And so elected to take that risk to drive the revenue realization. And so that was probably another factor for the softer volume of bit in the quarter.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: How long can de-loading last? 
Tom Falk:  Well in terms of
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: (Inaudible) de-loading.
Tom Falk:  I mean it's just, in terms of, what you're seeing in consumer behavior varies by category. Obviously in diapers and bathroom tissue, they're going to go back to the store and restock because they need those products every day. But they may, over the course of a month, they may buy the large compacts at the beginning of the month and they've got plenty of paycheck. When they get to the end of the month, and they're out of paycheck, they may buy smaller compacts, or they may buy, you know, a smaller, you know, four count pack instead of a 20 pound pack of bathroom tissue. So you're seeing that shift in consumer behavior during a pay period cycle more than we maybe have in the past. 
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Thank you.
Tom Falk: Thanks.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Chris Ferrara from Merrill Lynch.
Tom Falk:  Morning Chris.
Chris Ferrara  Merrill Lynch: Good morning how are you?
Tom Falk:  Pretty good.
Chris Ferrara  Merrill Lynch: Just wanted to ask about the timing on pulp prices coming down and how it flows through your inventory. I thought you'd said last quarter that U.S. inventories are fully on a (inaudible) basis, so you kind of get that immediate effect flowing through. Is that not right?
Tom Falk:  Yeah, you should get some of it, but you know, you've also got in your finished product as well. So it takes longer than that to actually flow through your P&L. 
Mike Masseth: (Inaudible).
Tom Falk:  And all of our inventories outside the U.S. are not on (inaudible). 
Chris Ferrara  Merrill Lynch: Oh, okay. So for the U.S. side on the part that is (inaudible) it's just a matter of your finished (inaudible) inventory flowing through, so you, if we could just look at your finished inventory days that would be a good gauge of that? 
Tom Falk: Yeah that's probably a better proxy. 
Chris Ferrara  Merrill Lynch: Okay, okay great. And then on the planned downtime in your plants, and I know you're saying, you know I think 60 to 80 days is (inaudible). First of all, can you just translate that directly down to EP? Or is there another part of that that I'm not thinking of? And then also, is that downtime essentially over for the year and for next year?
Tom Falk:  Well, I would say, yeah, obviously it depends on volume. So if we have a weaker volume quarter, we'll probably continue to take downtime to manage inventory. So we're trying to make sure we deliver on our working capital goals, and that we aren't running up a lot of inventory in this kind of an environment. So, I think that we will continue to have some downtime, particularly in consumer tissue where the volumes were weaker in the fourth quarter. And that could continue into 2009 depending on how things play out in the categories.
Chris Ferrara  Merrill Lynch: Okay. Okay. So in other words, don't think of that as neat and downturn, downtime, think of it as slowing your plant because the volume is slower. I mean is that?
Tom Falk:  Right.
Chris Ferrara  Merrill Lynch: Is that right?
Tom Falk:  Right.
Chris Ferrara  Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just, a real simple question I guess. The 0.10 to 0.15 current (inaudible) impacts that you guys are saying, you know, we'll be hitting too for relative to your previous guides. Is this a fair statement that had the dollar not moved so aggressively, and obviously that, you can't separate that completely from commodities, but since you haven't seen much on the commodities side. And would you guys have been raising numbers this quarter, had the dollar not moved in the (inaudible)?
Tom Falk:  Well I'm going to choose not to play with the hypothetical deck today Chris, but you know, I think there's, what I would say is there have been so many big moving parts that it is more difficult to forecast the business probably than anytime that I can remember. When you're seeing the kind of shifts in currency and the shifts in oil. One of the things that we've done as a management team, is you know, you used to be able to set, forecast assumptions five or six weeks ahead of when the forecast was going to roll up and be pretty sure they weren't going to drift too much. And now we're looking at adjusting them the day before the forecast rolls up, because everything can change in a short period of time. So it is a different environment to be able to run the business and predict what we're going deliver.
Chris Ferrara  Merrill Lynch: But if there is no direct loss that I should be thinking of. I mean it's fair to take that gross currency impact number and just, you know look at what your numbers look like otherwise, right? I mean unless there's some other big thing that you're talking about that would have gone the other way, you know aside from
Tom Falk:  No I think that, you know, again probably the biggest transaction exposures in Mexico, but the translation should correlate pretty well to what has happened with commodities. And you know if you track the dollar, euro exchange rate versus a barrel of oil over an extended period of time, you'd see a pretty tight fit. So I don't know which one is cause and which one is affect, but they certainly are correlated. 
Chris Ferrara  Merrill Lynch: No, absolutely. Okay thank you very much, appreciate it.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Jason Gere from Wachovia.
Jason Gere  Wachovia: Thanks. Most questions have been answered. Just a couple of quick questions. One, I mean, can you talk about KCP and some of the stronger trends in Europe relative to North America, maybe just on the North America side? You know, if you could talk more macro, you know, office vacancies, hotel contracts, any of that. 
Tom Falk: Yeah that's a good question and KCP is one where we typically would see the signs of economic weakness earlier than other parts of our business. But that hasn't been the case so far this cycle overall. You know KCP in Europe had a great quarter. I mean not as much in the U.K. which has been our strength, but you know, strong results in Germany. Some strong results in Central Europe. So, you know, continued good growth in that business. The teams doing a great job at delivering. In the U.S., probably a bit more focused on price realization.  But even as we talk to our distributors in that business, I'd say they're cautious. They're seeing their customers, you know, much more selective on the need to have of items in their bundle and less on the nice to haves. But we haven't seen, you know, a big shift in our business at this point in time. We're pretty heavily placed in manufacturing, office building, health care, lodging and things like that. Which you'd think would start to feel it here. We're not as strong in food service, which I know has been particularly weak as some of the dining restaurants, their numbers have shown lightly.  But, so far, our mix is holding up reasonably well. We're continuing to try and drive our safety channel business and our workplace and wiper business, which is higher margin for us. And so that has also probably, we've got a little bit healthier mix than maybe we've had before going into a downturn. 
Jason Gere  Wachovia: Okay. And then I guess just on the other side, just thinking about Europe. Obviously it looks like your getting pricing on consumer tissue, not on personal care, and I guess in a normal economic cycle, you would think that would be kind of the opposite, with personal care being more value added. Just, can you just talk maybe a little bit more about, you know the promotional environment out there? And you know, especially on the personal care side, what you can do really to you know try and I guess stem the losses on the volume side.
Tom Falk:  Yeah and Europe has probably been the toughest competitive market anywhere in the world right now. And it's, and really on all fronts. You're seeing, you know, pretty high commodity cost increases that have been flowing through. I mean very high energy rate increases. Electricity rates in the U.K. are up by a huge amount as they've had actual electricity shortages, as they've had a lot of their operating networks down over there. So some, you know, much bigger localized cost increases than you would have expected from the overall numbers. And despite that, it's been tough to get price.  And in personal care, our primary competitor has been running a lot of buy one get one free promotions. We haven't matched all of those, so we took a bigger volume hit this quarter. We are focused on launching improved tier five products and are putting promotional and brand building support behind that. But having said that, we probably lost a point of share in Europe in diapers across the measured markets.  The tissue front, you know you're continuing to see pretty weak categories in the U.K. just the whole bathroom tissue category was down, which is kind of unheard of. And you know, retailers are trying to interrogate it and it's been a big growth in private label. It's been a, some pantry destocking. And obviously with our (inaudible) X brand we, you know we felt the brunt of that as the brand leader. So, Europe is feeling like a much weaker economic environment than even we're seeing in the U.S.
Jason Gere  Wachovia: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Sawyer with Goldman Sachs.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: Yeah, sure, just for one quick housekeeping item. Can you give some framework about what scale of pension contributions we're talking about? Are we looking at $100 million, $200 million, those types of numbers?
Tom Falk:  Yeah I think for this year it's probably $50 million. For next year, you know it'll probably be a much larger number than that. But we'll give you some perspective. It obviously depends on how we finish the year ultimately. Because your year end valuation is what will determine that.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: So that's $50 million over and above expense, or $50 million absolute?
Tom Falk:  That's just $50 million absolute contributions of the
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: Okay.
Tom Falk:  U.S. plan. So we've made other contributions to other plans, and other markets, over the years. So you'll see probably a different number in the footnotes at the end of the year.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then just, turning quickly to kind of '09 business planning. You're talking a lot about challenge, you know, just even forecasting tomorrow let alone a full year '09. As you think about it, are you guys sticking with the idea that your commodity retreat won't flow through to your numbers and you need to get the pricing? Or, are you taking a more adaptive approach and saying, you know, we don't necessarily need to stick to pricing and maybe we'll get a little stronger volume. And how are you guys holding your down the line managers accountable for sales goals, and margin goals in that kind of a fluid environment? 
Tom Falk: Yeah, well we're still developing 2009 plans as you'd imagine. One of the things that we're doing is obviously the looking at multiple scenarios. You know, looking at a high, medium and low oil price scenario. What implications does that have for other commodities. And what do we expect the cost environment will look like. Obviously looking at multiple currency scenarios. And looking at what we can afford to invest in brand building. What's our, what are our innovation plans. Because ultimately continue to drive innovation and brand building is what will help you avoid becoming a commodity and help you continue to build branded equity in your businesses.  But then, you know, starting to think about how do you manage an environment that's going to be much more volatile than we've had historically. And typically we can't change price quickly and easily in this environment and so we still haven't completely figured out how to do that. But we're all going to have to learn how to be a little nimbler if we're going to have the kind of volatility that we're seeing in markets today.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: So do you start with a default view? Or do you start by running your business as though you're going to see the high oil scenario and then adapt the other way? Is that basically what you're saying?
Tom Falk:  Yeah it's like, we're going to probably start with a more conservative set of assumptions around commodity costs. And then look at variability off of that. 
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: All right. Well thank you very much guys.
Tom Falk:  Thanks.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman  Barclays: Thanks, good morning.
Tom Falk: Morning Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman  Barclays: This is the first time I've heard that. 
Tom Falk: I wasn't going to say anything.
Lauren Lieberman  Barclays: Yeah, I can't, that, okay, where am I? Okay. If you guys could talk a little bit about emerging markets? I know you touched a bit on it with regards to currency. But, you know, just kind of very fluid situation. Any kind of signs of slowdown in category growth, or your thoughts about middle class expansion, you know, continuing as we head into, or in the midst of a building macro economic global slowdown. 
Tom Falk: Yeah, I guess I would say this. You know, as I said it earlier, I mean the emerging markets guys, they run the business in local currency, so I mean
Lauren Lieberman  Barclays: You know, I'm sorry, I meant, I'm not worried with the local, I just meant, that's all we really touched on before. I mean
Tom Falk:  Yeah.
Lauren Lieberman  Barclays: I mean business in the local market.
Tom Falk:  Yeah, but I think the point is that they're, you know, they're continuing to see the kind of job growth and middle class development and so forth in local currency that will hopefully have more people be able to enter our categories. Now, things may slow down a bit. And I, even if you look at our emerging markets growth rates was a little slower than it was earlier in the year, but it can still, I think we're up what 18% top line in the emerging markets for the fourth quarter, or for the third quarter. So, you know I think we would probably expect it to slow down a little bit. But it'll still be the fastest growing part of the business next year. 
Lauren Lieberman  Barclays: Okay. And then, if you could touch on the planning assumption, the $900 million, or as much $900 million. I know you said you are expecting a little bit of help in Q4 from the moderation scene and input in energy costs. But what order of magnitude are we talking about? Because you also talked about, you know, the natural lag affects. 
Tom Falk: Yeah, I think if we had, it was 900 last quarter, it's probably more like 750 to 800. And you know, pulp is probably going to be $40, $45 million better just from some of the recent decreases that we've seen. All of the oil-related polymer and so forth, you know, will be a little better. Probably $20 million. You know, so and I guess I'd say those are probably the two bigger factors.
Lauren Lieberman  Barclays: Okay. And then the final question was just, as you're thinking about manufacturing downtime, is the goal still to continue being able to reduce inventory? Or is right now it, what's more important is not letting it build? You know I'm just trying to the same order of magnitude for how much downtime is reasonable to think about if you're still going after the goal of really improving inventory levels.
Tom Falk:  Yeah, there's a couple of ways of thinking about. We have target inventory levels for every business. Every SKE basically. So you know, it's how do we get better at running the target over time, as opposed to running the time or, you know, those kinds of things. So we're trying to build more flexibility to grade change more frequently, or even take that downtime out of the system as needed. As opposed to saying, we're going to run this code for a week, and then we'll grade change to the next code.  So those are a lot of capabilities we're building into the business teams. And it's trying to do it and not have it hurt your cost as much as it does. So how do you find a way to take the downtime and shed as many costs as you can to have it minimize your cost impact. Now, having said all of that, you want to, you ultimately want to grow your volume so that you fill up your asset base, and not get really good managing downtime, so.
Lauren Lieberman  Barclays: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator:  Next question comes from Chip Dillon with Independent Research.
Chip Dillon  Independent Research: Hi Tom, good morning.
Tom Falk:  Hi Chip.
Chip Dillon  Independent Research: Hey, first question is on the, just a little nit pick here, on the debt that's tied to the timberland transactions in the past. It was like $611 million that was consolidated, I think starting last quarter. Was that about the same number this time?
Tom Falk:  Yeah, I don't think it's changed, so
Chip Dillon  Independent Research: Okay. And then, the second question is, could you just talk a little bit about, you know, how you think about the dividend? I know, you know, going back to the early 70's, you raised it pretty much every year. And you know you would seem to have some cushion in these uncertain times if you, you know, things stay kind of tough with maybe sort of going by that. Is the dividend something you'd like to see rise next year, or is it just too early for you to make that commitment?
Tom Falk:  I think we would say that we have a strong commitment to the dividend and that we've set our goals, and we would increase the dividends consistently at a faster rate than earnings growth. We're going to have a down year this year, but I would still expect that there would be some level of dividend increase in 2009. We'll obviously be recommending that to the board, and talking about it later this year, and they'll declare it early next year. But that's, that will be how we're currently thinking about it.
Chip Dillon  Independent Research: Okay. And then the last question is on the, you know, you're coming to the end of the three and a half year strategic cost reduction plan. And it looks like, you know, you're pretty much achieving what you thought. You know, the world's changed a lot in that time. Are you contemplating something maybe on the smaller scale or similar scale for the future? Or you think you'll give it a rest on the strategic cost reduction?
Tom Falk:  Well I think, you know, one strategic plan comes to an end, you start thinking about what, you know, what are the next things you can do with the business. So obviously you can expect we've got an on-going look at our strategic planning process and if we ever find that there are actions we can take that will be shareholder value creating and strengthen our business, we won't be shy about bringing those forward. But at this point in time, we're focusing on delivering and finishing the current plan. And then as well, you know, as we have more things to talk to you about at some point, we'll obviously bring those up then.
Chip Dillon  Independent Research: Got you. And in terms of that, I mean you mentioned downtime and the current call, and also you've deemphasized some of the private label activities, or I'm sorry, lower price point brands that you've had in the tissue area. Is it possible that you could see some of the, you know, some capacity reductions in the next year or two in the tissue business, in the, at least in the U.S., and maybe even in Europe?
Tom Falk:  No, I mean I think our footprint in the U.S. is still pretty solid. So, you know, we've got a little bit of what we would call white space, but we, you know, we're setting about filling it. And have got the right asset configuration here. So I don't see any capacity changes of any significance at this point.
Chip Dillon  Independent Research: Got you. Good luck guys.
Tom Falk:  Thanks Chip.
Operator:  Our next question comes from William Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz  Deutsche Bank: Hi sorry about the follow up. In the press release you comment about, you know, volume growth and you said it'll be relatively weak in the fourth quarter. Does that mean is going to be down again? 
Tom Falk:  Well, I mean, I'd say, you know, small positive, or small negative would be how I would define relatively weak.
William Schmitz  Deutsche Bank: Okay. All right. That's all I needed. Thank you so much, bye.
Tom Falk: Okay, bye.
Operator: Our next question comes from Linda Bolton Weiser with Caris.
Linda Bolton Weiser  Caris & Company: Hi, Tom I think you said in the past that maybe you thought that some of the management incentives regarding working capital and inventory kind of needed to be adjusted. Is that something that is changing now, or is that something that will be put into place in 2009?
Tom Falk: No, every one of our business teams has a working capital goal in their annual incentive plan this year. And so as we do forecast reviews, we look at that every quarter, along with the operating results of the business.
Linda Bolton Weiser  Caris & Company: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Tom Falk:  Thank you.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions.
Mike Masseth: Thank you David. Tom I'll just ask you to give the closing comments before we sign off.
Tom Falk: Yeah, once again, its a challenging environment. You know, we continue to focus on revenue realization. We continue to focus on executing our cost improvement plans. And we appreciate your support of Kimberly-Clark. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: 
 :
 :
 :
Analysts: Chris Ferrara  Merrill Lynch Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein Linda Bolton Weiser  Caris & Company Alice Longley  Buckingham Research William Schmitz  Deutsche Bank Chip Dillon  Citibank Connie Maneaty  BMO Capital Markets Lauren Lieberman  Lehman Brothers Karen Lamara [ph]  Federated Investors [ph] Jason Gere  Wachovia Capital Markets Filippe Goossens  Credit Suisse 
Operator:  Excuse me everyone, we now have Mr. Mike Masseth in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of Mr. Masseths presentation, we will open the floor for questions. At that time instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow if you will like to ask a question. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Masseth. Mr. Masseth, you may begin, sir.
Mike Masseth:  Thanks, David. Good morning everyone. We appreciate your interest in Kimberly-Clark. With us today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO; and Randy Vest, Vice President and Controller. Here is the agenda for todays call. Mark will start with a review of our second quarter results. Then, Tom will provide his perspective and that will leave us with plenty of time for Q&A. For those wishing to follow along, we have a presentation of todays materials in the Investors section of our website, Kimberly-clark.com. First, let me remind you that well be making forward-looking statements during the call today. There can be no assurance that future events will occur as anticipated or that the Companys results will be as estimated. Please refer to the risk factors section of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of factors that could cause our future results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. We will also be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted earnings per share, adjusted operating profit, and adjusted operating margin. Management believes that reporting in this manner enables investors to better understand and analyze our ongoing results of operations. For additional information on why we make these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP, see todays news release as well as additional information on our website. Now, Ill turn it over to Mark.
Mark Buthman:  Thanks, Mike, and good morning. I am going to briefly review the quarter and I will start with sales. The top line remains very healthy with organic growth in excess of 7%, which was at the high end of the 5% to 7% range we are now expecting for the full year. Higher sales volumes and net selling prices each contributed three points of growth, and product mix was favorable as well. A 4% benefit from currency exchange rates brought total sales growth to 11%. Now, let me review the top line for each of our segments. In Personal Care, sales climbed 15%, driven by strong volume growth of 9%. Higher net selling prices added two points of top line growth while currency benefited sales by 4%. In North America, sales volumes increased 8% and net selling prices advanced 1%. Volume growth was broad-based, including a 10% gain for Huggies diapers. In addition, our child care and adult care brands delivered high-single digit volume increases, spurred by innovations rolled out over the last year. Moving to Europe, personal care sales volumes were off 5%. Despite solid growth in Huggies baby wipes, and our child care brands, those increases were more than offset by lower diaper volumes in a continued competitive promotional environment. In the developing and emerging markets, personal care sales jumped 25%, the 15th consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. Sales volumes increased more than 14%, highlighted by low 30s growth in the fast-growing BRICIT countries, double digit growth in Latin America, overall, and also in South Korea. Now, turning to Consumer Tissue, sales rose 8%, including four points of benefit from currency. Our focus on increasing revenue realization drove a five point gain in net selling prices with good progress here in the U.S. and in most international geographies. Improved product mix also benefited sales while volumes fell about 3%. In North America, net sales fell 1% as higher net selling prices of 5% were more than offset by lower volumes. The majority of the volume decline came from two areas. First, towel volumes were down following the price increases we implemented in the first quarter and in comparison to a strong year-ago result. And second, consistent with the first quarter, volume comparisons were impacted by our decision to shed some low-margin businesses at the end of last year in order to improve revenue realization and to support growth of higher margin offerings. Meanwhile, both Cottonelle and Scott bath tissue delivered solid increases in sales, overall. Switching to Europe, Consumer Tissue organic sales growth was about 1%. Although sales volumes fell 3%, that was more than offset by higher net selling prices of 4% as we have raised prices in the U.K., Italy, and various other markets. In the developing and emerging markets, Consumer Tissue organic sales rose 14%, led by our business in Latin America. Now, moving to K-C Professional and Other, sales increased 10%, including four points of benefit from currency. Organic sales were up 6%, driven by higher net selling prices of 3% and improved product mix of 2%. Overall, sales volumes were up 1% in the quarter. KCP organic sales in both North America and Europe rose about 6%, driven by net selling price benefits of 3% and 4%, respectively. Sales volumes advanced 1% in both geographies and mix improved nice in North America as well. Also, our KCPs business building efforts in the developing and emerging markets helped drive organic sales growth of about 17% in the second quarter. Lastly, Health Care segment sales increased 3%. Top line growth was driven by higher volumes of 5%, and currency benefits of 2%. These gains were partially offset by lower net selling prices and product mix, each down 2% reflecting continued competitive conditions in the surgical supplies market in North America. As expected, Health Care volume comparisons improved from our recent trends with the impacts of our decision to exit the latex glove category and prior-year avian flu preparedness benefits now fully behind us. Our higher margin medical device portfolio delivered double digit volume growth in the quarter. We also had double digit gains in exam gloves due to the growth in our Nitrile business. I want to move to operating profit and cost savings and for this discussion I will refer to adjusted operating profit and margin, which excludes certain charges related  detailed in this mornings news release.  Second quarter operating profit fell 2% to $665 million with an operating margin of 13.3%. Profitability was impacted by significant cost inflation, which totaled about $180 million in the quarter. As we mentioned in last weeks communication, inflation was approximately $50 million, or about $0.08 per share higher than we estimated heading into to the second quarter. Despite the inflation, we continue to reinvest in our brands. Strategic marketing investments increased by nearly $25 million in the second quarter, rising faster than sales. Margins were also impacted by planned production downtime in order to improve our inventory position. Now, turning to cost savings, total savings were nearly $40 million in the second quarter. Our ongoing FORCE program generated savings of $1 million in the quarter. That compares to our strongest performance  quarterly performance a year ago. This years results also included higher spending levels at some of our facilities as well as some efficiency losses from the planned production downtime we took in the quarter. We expect our FORCE savings to pick up in the back half of the year. In terms of the strategic cost reduction plan, we realized $38 million of year-on-year benefit in the quarter and we are tracking to exceed our original target for the year. So, in total, we still expect to deliver total cost savings for 2008 in the $200 million to $250 million range. Now, lets look briefly at second quarter segment operating margins. As I mentioned in last weeks conference call, the rapid increase in cost inflation has pressure margins in all four of our segments. With that said, I am encouraged that Personal Care margins remained in excess of 20% in the second quarter. Further K-C Professional and Other segment profitability improved sequentially with more net selling price benefits. Besides the input cost inflation, both Consumer Tissue and Health Care margins were impacted by production downtime related to inventory management and Health Care is also incurring some duplicate costs as it streamlines its manufacturing footprint. Now, switching briefly to taxes, the adjusted effective tax rate in the second quarter was 30.1% towards the low end of our previous guidance for a rate in the 30% to 32% range. Based on what we know now, the third quarter 2008 adjusted rate should be in the 28% to 30% range. Now, moving to cash flow on the balance sheet, cash provided by operations was $753 million in the quarter. Thats up 16% from the year-ago period mainly because of a decreased level of investment in primary working capital. And I have to say I am encouraged by our focus on improving inventories, which led to a three-day decline in days of inventory on hand compared to the first quarter. Now having said that we are still above year-ago levels. We are not quite where we need to be, but its great progress. Looking at capital spending, we invested $213 million in the quarter. That brings the year-to-date amount to $434 million, which is in line with our full-year investment target of $850 million to $950 million. Regarding share repurchases, we bought back 3.5 million shares of our stock at a cost of about $220 million during the quarter. As previously announced, we expect to buy back $700 million to $800 million worth of K-C stock in 2008. That wraps up the financial review. To recap the quarter, we delivered strong top line growth. Our margins were weighed down by significant and unanticipated cost inflation. And we remain focused on improving the long-term health of the Company by reinvesting in our brands and businesses and by improving our cash flow. I will turn it over to Tom.
Tom Falk:  Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Since we just spoke to you last week about our results and our outlook for the balance of the year, I will just comment very briefly, then we will move right into Q&A. The headline this morning is that our second quarter results reflect continued progress with our growth strategies as well as significant challenges we are facing on the cost front. As I said last week, I am encouraged that our top line momentum has remained strong. Thanks to the efforts of our Kimberly-Clark teams around the world, we have delivered organic sales growth of more than 6% through the first half of the year with particular strength in Personal Care and across developing and emerging markets. K-C Professional has also turned in solid sales performance for the quarter and for the year so far. At the same time, inflationary pressures have intensified dramatically over the last quarter. It now looks like we will be absorbing as much as $900 million of commodity cost increases this year, and thats more than double our estimate at the beginning of the year. And the reality is that the rapid run-up in costs has outpaced our ability to offset the impact of those costs in the near term through price increases and through other actions. We will, however, take the necessary steps to pass along these cost increases and get bottom line results moving in the right direction. First step is already underway with our consumer products and K-C Professional price increases being implemented this quarter in the U.S. Prices have been raised at a number of other markets as well. And its possible that further increases may be warranted. We are very focused on increasing revenue realization in this kind of a high-cost environment. Second, we are focusing on operating our business efficiently, so we are driving productivity, taking cost out of the system, controlling G&A spending, improving our working capital performance, aggressively doing the things you would expect us to do in this kind of a cost environment.  Meanwhile, we are going to continue to do the right things for the long-term health of our business. So, we are stepping up marketing spending to build our brands. We are bringing innovation to market across our businesses, and we are investing in capital in the right ways in the right amounts to support our growth, particularly in developing and emerging markets. So, our goal is to get back on track with the objective of our Global Business Plan just as quickly as possible. And I am very confident that our teams can do this. With a strong culture and the resolve to overcome the short-term cost adversity that we are facing today. And moreover, we have a long history of successfully building our business and create value for our shareholders, which we intend to continue. With that, thank you for your interest today. And now we will be happy to begin to take your questions.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, at this time the floor is open for your questions. (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from Chris Ferrara with Merrill Lynch.
Chris Ferrara  Merrill Lynch:  Hey, guys, just wondering if you could talk about the downward movement in volume in the towel business? Where is that relative to what your expectations were? How was the elasticity in that business? Because it seems you guys have held volume, others have held volume pretty well so far. Is this sort of your first real sensitivity you have seen relative to last couple of months?
Tom Falk:  Like I said, couple of things, first of all, I mean, Viva had a tough comparison to a year ago or Viva was up double digits since second quarter last year. So that was part of it was we had picked up some distribution and had some nice volume gains there that were tougher to annualize and compare against. We also had a little bit of distribution loss on Scott towels. So I would say, overall, we probably would look worse than the category. Having said that I think the towel category and the facial tissue category are probably a bit more economically sensitive and the consumer runs out of towels or facial tissue, they dont immediately run out to the store to buy more or if they run out of bathroom tissue thats obviously an emergency purchase.
Chris Ferrara  Merrill Lynch:  And then just on the commentary that came out of Costco earlier in the week, are you guys seeing I guess more or less pricing push back from retailers than you did say three months ago? And are you finding retailers are eating price increases more than they were before or has none of that changed?
Tom Falk:  Clearly retailers are the ones that set the finished product pricing on the shelf. So, thats their call. Generally, in our categories we have seen the price increases pretty much be passed through. So, Id say in discussions I had with retailers recently they are seeing so many companies come with price increases in this environment. They understand it, they see whats happening in the cost environment, and they have probably been more understanding about it in the last three months when oil was bouncing off upper 140s than they have been any time that I can remember.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein:  Hey guys, how are you?
Tom Falk:  Good morning, Ali.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein:  A couple of questions I guess one is just to continue on that thought on the price realization, the price pass through to retailers. At least in the North American number that you posted today doesnt look like you are getting much of the price realization. So, can you explain that a little bit and whats kind of pricking in the back of my mind at least is are  particularly in Personal Care  whats pricking in the back of my mind is may be they are passing through the pricing but then they are pushing back on you guys and saying  and you now have to promote is what the retailers are saying. So, can you walk us through that in particular, please?
Tom Falk:  Yeah, I think maybe the gap on Personal Care maybe hasnt been as visible is that our  on a couple of the larger account codes, our primary competitor rolled back part of the price increase in the second quarter. So, they hit a strategic price point. They dialed price back a couple of percent, and so that hit us in the second quarter. But it wasnt really an action by the retailer. It was more of a desire to hit a strategic point on the larger corrugate packings.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein:  And then so to continue that thought, the year-over-year volumes are up quite well in Personal Care, particularly North America. I mean is that really all because you are gaining a ton of share even given the promotion that your competitor is doing.
Tom Falk:  Well I mean you look at the share results for the period that I think infant care and child care are up a little over or little under about a share point which were positive. Baby wipes were down a little bit, actually private-label share was up a bit in baby wipes. And in infant care, we had a couple of low-single digit volume growth, but probably lost about a share point. Adult care shares were up about a point. So, again, I wouldnt say across Personal Care share results, some that were up, some that were down, so its overall it was probably a slightly positive trend, but continue to do  to deliver reasonable volume growth in that environment.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein:  Okay. Shifting gears a little bit to a similarly competitive and potentially even more slowing down environment in Europe, did  clearly over time you have been  you made some progress on the margins in particular in Europe with the turnaround plan there. Can you give us a little bit of an update about that, an update about the turnaround plan and just  and get us feel comfortable that things are actually on track even as we see some of these volumes.
Tom Falk:  I guess a couple of things. We split Europe into different parts of the business. The part we usually talk about is the consumer business, so I will start with the Health Care and K-C Professional business, which we dont talk as much about. And those businesses are doing fine in this environment. Actually K-C Professional, which you might argue, would be the most economically sensitive, had a very solid quarter in Europe, overall. And so we are able to get price realization driving our wiper and safety businesses as well as having some reasonable progress on washroom. So, the non-consumer side of the business, overall, continues to do fine in Europe. On the consumer side, we made  we are basically on track with our profit plan for Personal Care for the year, but had a relatively soft volume quarter. Now, we have got product improvements that were coming into the marketplace. We didnt have the A&P fully turned on until we get full distribution. So, you will start to see us spend more behind the innovation and the  in the third and fourth quarter. So, Personal Care, overall, I would say is on track for the year. Tissue got slammed with a lot of the cost issues that has hit our tissue business in North America as well, so you had high energy costs and in Europe a lot of electricity prices went up even more than they did in the U.S. High natural gas costs, high distribution costs related  diesel related and a tougher market to get revenue realization. And so we have been pretty aggressive on pushing price up and thats had more of a volume impact on us probably than some of the other competitors might have.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein:  Okay. And last thing, there is only a couple, this FORCE $1 million number, I mean clearly again, I guess $60 million if I remember, about 60 last year.
Tom Falk:  Yeah.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein:  I mean can you give us a sense of how you comfortable over the next couple of quarter thats actually going to be a ramp up even though yeah of course the comps are getting lower but  I am sorry, getting easier versus what it was this quarter last year. But give us a sense of how comfortable you are on those numbers. 
Tom Falk:  Yeah, when you look at the (inaudible) the product specifications, productivity improvements, negotiated material savings, which are the things that we have a lot of programmatic support around. Those are basically coming in and tracking with plan. The big negative other which was  which had more to do with  we took a fair amount of downtime in different businesses this quarter to bring inventories in line probably spent more on maintenance than we were planning, which  when you have a machine down, there is a tendency to be able to get your maintenance done. So, one of the things we are going back and making sure is that we are on track with our overall maintenance spending for the year. We just probably loaded more of it into the second quarter than we were planning. As we rolled up our expected FORCE savings for the year in our most recent forecast our teams are still planning and committing to come in the range that we had anticipated for the year. So, I would expect to continue with the product specification work, the productivity work, the negotiated material price saving, and we shouldnt see the same level of negative other that we had this quarter.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein:  Okay. Thanks, guys.
Tom Falk:  Thanks, Ali.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Linda Bolton Weiser with Caris and Company.
Linda Bolton Weiser  Caris & Company:  Thank you. I was wondering if you could just give a little bit more color on the FORCE savings in the quarter and exactly what kinds of things are going to be done incrementally. And just can you comment on  it does seem like you are well at least our overhead and admin cost structure is very lean compared to comparable companies in the industry. So I am just wondering sort of on a go-forward basis how can you continue with these ongoing cost savings? And can you just talk about that on a longer term kind of basis?
Tom Falk:  Yeah, sure. Well, we just talked  I dont know if you heard my response to Alis question about FORCE, but you know the things that we are doing that were detailed in Marks remarks around product specifications, productivity, negotiated material price are all things that we believe are going to continue and help us continue to focus on delivering against our FORCE objectives. And FORCE is a kind of a grassroots program. If you look through the history of our program, I think weve had 30,000 individual cost savings ideas bubbled up by our people around the world, and so weve got organized networks within the Company that are sharing ideas, that are bringing those ideas forward. Many of our manufacturing teams are beginning to work on kind of the next generation of FORCE to drive an even liner manufacturing approach into our business operations. So, I mean a lot of FORCE is focused on cost of sales. And as you talked about SG&A, areas there that we are focusing, a lot of our business process outsourcing work has given us a leaner approach there. I know Mark Buthman and his teams are focusing on standardizing our processes more, which makes it simpler to update, simpler to operate, makes it easier for us to do business. So, those are areas that we continue to look to focus on getting more efficiency from our between-the-line spending so we can afford to invest more in our brands.
Linda Bolton Weiser  Caris & Company:  Thanks. And also can I just ask in this time period here when you are performing quite well in Personal Care but you are more challenged on the tissue side of the business and I am sure youve talked about and looked at the possibility of splitting your Company out many times in the past, but is that a renewed idea in this timeframe that we are in? Can you just kind of put a little color around that?
Tom Falk:  Well, we actually believe that with some of the pricing thats coming on the tissue front that will narrow that gap as their margins improve in the back half of the year. So, again, we go to market as one Company with one sale organization and if you look across our range of brands they really fit the health and hygiene vision that we have for the Company and so overall we believe the portfolio still works for us.
Linda Bolton Weiser  Caris & Company:  Okay. And just one final question. On the Health Care segment margin in the quarter it looked unusually low, I think it was only about 9.7% or something.
Tom Falk:  Yeah.
Linda Bolton Weiser  Caris & Company:  Is there something unusually affecting that in the quarter?
Tom Falk:  Yeah, I mean, they took a fair amount of downtime that was related to bringing their inventories in the line as well. So they had a share of that negative other that you saw in the FORCE savings that we talked about was related to some things that were going there. They had some higher commodity costs. A lot of the Nitrile gloves, the surgical gowns are all made with oil derivative products. So, a pretty good share of oil inflation as well that flowed through. Health Care  and the surgical side is still a tough competitive market. They havent been able to get as much price  in fact I think Health Care had negative two point of price in the quarter. So, not only they are faced with the cost, they have actually had to be more competitive on price in some markets to hold on to the business.
Linda Bolton Weiser  Caris & Company:  Okay. Thanks very much.
Tom Falk:  Thanks, Linda.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research:  Hi, good morning. I have questions again on North America Personal Care along the  on the issue of pricing. I mean it is normal when pricing is first established that it can be offset with promotional activity for a while. Should we expect the pricing to take effect more in your numbers going ahead? And as it does do you think that you are  are you seeing your volume being hurt at all or are you seeing any downward shift in mix within say Huggies to the basic version of Huggies? And the final piece of that is do you think you  the Personal Care margins can stay above 20% over the next few quarters?
Tom Falk:  Yeah, on the Personal Care volumes standpoint, I would say that pricing seems to going into the marketplace a little bit faster than maybe it once had. So, you do have some lead time and some promotional price point that you have committed to that you have to honor. But because there are so many people in the marketplace that are raising price its probably happening a little faster than eve it has in the past. So having said that well probably still get full realization of this price increase in the fourth quarter. Well get some  a lesser amount in the third quarter. You know in our particular case we are not seeing a lot mix shift on our diaper business. I think Lowes [ph] share was up a little bit in the quarter, which would obviously show some may be some shift of the category into some of the lower price variants. But our super premium segment continues to be very healthy. We got  had a lot of innovation and news behind it and I still believe that where you bring innovation thats meaningful the consumer will trade up to that where they see the value.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research:  So, is it fair to think that your downward guidance for the rest of the year is more in the Tissue business than Personal Care.
Tom Falk:  Well, tissue is certainly getting the  if you think about natural gas, the diesel fuel element of it, those are hitting tissue much harder than our other business areas. And so weve probably seen a little bit more volume sensitivity in tissue in some of the pricing move particularly in towels and in facial  and facial increases just to be getting to go into effect but historically they have been  been a little bit more sensitive.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research:  So, you really dont think you are going to be hurt in volume in Personal Care North America, much at all?
Tom Falk:  Well, we feel pretty good about our momentum in Personal Care and expect it to continue. 
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research:  Okay. Thank you.
Tom Falk:  Thanks.
Operator:  Our next question comes from William Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
Tom Falk:  Good morning, Bill.
William Schmitz  Deutsche Bank:  Hey guys, good morning. Can we focus a little bit on the SG&A cost savings? It looks like it was down 100 basis points year-over-year. I mean are there reversals of accruals in there? And the reason I ask is because I think you said that advertising was up as a percentage of sales.
Tom Falk:  Yeah, advertising was up as a percent of sales. The between-the-line promotions spending was pretty consistent as a percent of sales. Selling was down slightly relative to sales. And then within G&A I mean basically there isnt anything too unusual although I would tell you that with a part of your performance comp being run through G&A when you are not going to be hitting your numbers with performance based pay you do wind up with probably slightly lower accruals for some of that stuff that is a little bit of a benefit to G&A. I wouldnt say that was the only factor there but that was probably one factor that held down the increase.
Mike Masseth:  And Bill just to follow-up on the strategic cost reductions that Mark mentioned probably about  almost half of the strategic cost reductions benefited G&A spending.
Tom Falk:  Lot of our business process outsourcing savings which are really starting to ramp up this year benefit G&A probably more than any other line item.
William Schmitz  Deutsche Bank:  Okay, great. I mean we have heard some rumblings in the marketplace that you guys were thinking about consolidating some of the marketing heads in one location, maybe outside of Neena. I mean are you prepared to talk about that now?
Tom Falk:  Thats news to me, so no  Tony Palmer lives in Dallas, but he is on a plane a lot, and so, no, weve got a wonderful marketing organization here in Neena and we have no plans to move them.
William Schmitz  Deutsche Bank:  Okay, great, and then just lastly, Mark, whats the business purpose for those variable financing entities?
Mark Buthman:  You know Bill those are  they have been in place for quite a while with some pretty good disclosure in our 10-K, but essentially they are used to help us monetize our timberland sales. They do it on a receivable basis and its a tax advantage the way we are doing it.
William Schmitz  Deutsche Bank:  Okay. So, when I look at your net debt and do our leverage ratios, it comes in a wash, right, because its two notes and they just kind of washed other out, is that--?
Tom Falk:  Thats right. There is no change in  we add it to receivable on one side and debt on the other.
Mark Buthman:  And they have been netted in our financials for years. It was only because the thing got renewed made it go through the FIN 46R and that caused it to be consolidated. So  
William Schmitz  Deutsche Bank:  Okay, great, thanks so much.
Mark Buthman:  Yeah.
Tom Falk:  You are welcome.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Chip Dillon with Citibank.
Chip Dillon  Citibank:  Hi, yes, good morning.
Tom Falk:  Good morning.
Chip Dillon  Citibank:  Question, first question is you mentioned in the press release you know reducing late last year your sales into the private-label channel and sort of could you give us an idea of where that was I guess as a percentage of either your volume in Consumer Tissue or in  or sales revenue at the peak and what its fallen by up to this point?
Tom Falk:  Yeah, there was basically one private-label contract that we decided not to renew and it was I dont Mike or  Mikes got the detail on what percentage of our volume it was, but--
Mike Masseth:  Well, it was  as we said in the first quarter, it was a good piece of the volume decline in the first quarter less so in the second quarter and overall our private-label business is less than 5% of our sales.
Chip Dillon  Citibank:  In the Consumer Tissue segment?
Mike Masseth:  Overall.
Chip Dillon  Citibank:  Overall.
Mike Masseth:  Overall. Might be a little bit more than that in Consumer Tissue.
Chip Dillon  Citibank:  Okay.
Tom Falk:  And part of this was really to use that capacity to be able to  to allow us to drive the growth in Scott tissue, which actually Scott tissue continues to do very well particularly in a weaker economy we are actually seeing some uptick in promotional lift from Scott tissue right now.
Chip Dillon  Citibank:  Okay. And you know its amazing how in the -- I guess 10 days since you pre-announced we have a seen just an implosion in natural gas and oil prices and could you  
Tom Falk:  I dont know if I call it implosion yet, but its really pulled back a little bit.
Chip Dillon  Citibank:  Got you, but when you  
Tom Falk:  When we think that $125 a barrel is a bargain, you know.
Chip Dillon  Citibank:  Who would have thought that a year ago? But when you look at your energy profile, could you just update us on how much you are hedged as you go into the second half of the year and into next year?
Tom Falk:  Yeah, I will let Mark update you on those details.
Mark Buthman:  You know our target is to be 50% to 80% hedged going into any  
Tom Falk:  Just on natural gas.
Mark Buthman:  On natural gas going into any quarterly period and we are in that target range.
Chip Dillon  Citibank:  Can you give us an idea of what level?
Mark Buthman:  We are toward the low end of that level.
Chip Dillon  Citibank:  I mean in terms of like $14 or $10 or--?
Mark Buthman:  No, no  
Tom Falk:  We buy strips at a variety of prices over a period of time. So, it would be a range. I would say probably somewhere around or slightly below the current price would be my guess.
Mark Buthman:  Yeah.
Chip Dillon  Citibank:  And then lastly if you can tell us I think you mentioned that there was a 2% rollback I think you said in tissue prices by one of your competitors?
Tom Falk:  It was in diaper pricing.
Chip Dillon  Citibank:  In diaper, got you , okay. And in terms of looking at the next round of diaper prices, have you seen any changes in the marketplace besides yourself?
Tom Falk:  Yeah, I mean our primary competitor has followed those increases and would be implementing them on a roughly the same timetable.
Chip Dillon  Citibank:  Got you. Thank you.
Tom Falk:  Okay.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital.
Connie Maneaty  BMO Capital Markets:  Good morning.
Tom Falk:  Good morning, Connie.
Connie Maneaty  BMO Capital Markets:  If you look at the price increases that you have put into place and assuming that raw material costs dont get worse than they are, would you figure that sometime in 2009 the growth margins would stabilize and start to rise again?
Tom Falk:  Yeah, I mean I would hope well start to see some improvement in the fourth quarter as you get a full quarter of price increases, thats certainly our plan.
Connie Maneaty  BMO Capital Markets:  But the plan  you know, if we run the numbers there would still be a decline in the fourth quarter, but not as great as whats happening right now. Is that right--?
Tom Falk:  Well, some sequential improvement.
Connie Maneaty  BMO Capital Markets:  Okay. Sequential improvement. When you raise your prices to retailers, this is I guess just the technicality in the way this is all done, but  and you talked about all the raw material costs that are going up. Do you raise prices based toward the raw materials that go into the product or can you also include some energy cost inflation in the price increase you are asking for?
Tom Falk:  Well, certainly when you talk with your customers you want to show the overall cost environment. They  you know you dont give them a detailed P&L and show them all of the input costs, but they obviously are quite aware. They are buying diesel fuel in the marketplace. They know what that costs as they move their products around and  we try to give them and understanding as to what the impact is of the various materials and kind of order of priority and so they have a better understanding probably of our cost structure than they did four or five years ago as we have gone through this period of inflation.
Connie Maneaty  BMO Capital Markets:  Okay, and just one final question. The inventory improvement, are you done with the downtime in the businesses that took them in the second quarter? And what kind of inventory improvement did you see from them?
Tom Falk:  Well, we are still not where we want to be. I mean as Mark said, we made progress, but we were still higher than we were a year ago. So, you will probably still see some downtime happen in the third quarter as we really focus on getting inventories back into balance  through the balance of the year.
Connie Maneaty  BMO Capital Markets:  And that would be in the same businesses as in the second quarter?
Tom Falk:  Its a mix. Youll probably see potentially a bit more downtime in tissue. We took quite a bit in Personal Care and Health Care. Health Care, you may still see some in the third quarter, but should be through that into the fourth quarter. So, each of our business plans  business teams has a plan based on their product launch schedule where they need to build for product launches versus where they can take inventory out of the system and are trying to manage it within that environment. And I dont know Mark if youve got some [ph] color on that?
Mark Buthman:  Yeah, Connie, I think you will see ebbs and flows. I think Tom described it right. In some cases, as you are rolling up products, you actually have to build inventory even though overall we are trying to push it down so I think you will see the businesses continue to take downtime when they need to, to get to sustainable  what they think is the right sustainable level of inventory.
Connie Maneaty  BMO Capital Markets:  Okay, thank you.
Tom Falk:  Thanks, Connie.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Lehman Brothers.
Lauren Lieberman  Lehman Brothers:  Thanks, good morning.
Tom Falk:  Good morning, Lauren.
Mark Buthman:  Good morning.
Lauren Lieberman  Lehman Brothers:  First, just following up on the comment you guys made about North America Personal Care price increases, you are expecting to see the full impact in Q4. Do you now think you have realized everything that you will realize at the February increases?
Tom Falk:  Yeah, I would say so. I mean obviously in the second quarter as we have said, there was a partial rollback of the February increase, but other than that, the pricing was relatively stable in the second quarter. And so we would expect the third quarter to be kind of transition to the new pricing and then fourth quarter would be fully implemented.
Lauren Lieberman  Lehman Brothers:  Okay. Then the second thing I want to ask about was K-C Professional. North America volume is still holding in okay it seems but you have always commented this is the one part of your business that really is the most cyclical. So, I wanted (inaudible) commentary kind of on the outlook for volume in that business separate from your efforts on revenue realization.
Tom Falk:  Yeah, I was talking with Ian Spencer [ph] who runs our business for us and his team recently -- because thats obviously for me kind of the early warning on whats going on in the economy and I would say they would tell you today that their distributors are probably nervous because they see big parts of the economy that arent doing as well. If you think about automotive and airlines and where business travel may be going. On the other hand they would also probably say things have been maybe better than they would have expected given whats going on in the economy. So, while day by day things continue to be a little better than expected they are probably a little nervous on what could happen if the economy pulls back further. So far so good. And we continue to do reasonably well in this business really kind of across the board.
Lauren Lieberman  Lehman Brothers:  Okay. And then I also still wanted to follow up on the FORCE. So, in order to still hit your total cost savings goals for the year, restructuring is running above plan?
Tom Falk:  Yeah.
Lauren Lieberman  Lehman Brothers:  And so I was wondering if that means that you are  is the total savings from restructuring over the life of the program go up or is it that you are able to accelerate some of those savings to make up for the negative impact on FORCE because there is a inventory downtime?
Tom Falk:  Well I guess we said that we would deliver at least $350 million from the restructuring program and I still think thats right. So, overall, I think whether we are accelerating it and getting those savings earlier, which is a good thing, or going to slightly over deliver on the program, its probably a little bit too early to call that and well give you more 09 guidance where we will have kind of a final answer on that later in the year, early next year. And for FORCE, we have been pretty consistent over time of delivering FORCE in the $100 million to $150 million a year range. And I would expect that to happen this year and to be delivered on into the future.
Lauren Lieberman  Lehman Brothers:  Oh really! Okay, so even with a negative variance this quarter and with expected further downtime next, you still think FORCE the full year will be at least $100 million?
Tom Falk:  Yeah, typically, in FORCE, the downtime itself isnt a negative, its the other stuff that we did during the downtime that hurt us this quarter.
Lauren Lieberman  Lehman Brothers:  Okay, so its not the negative variance, its--?
Tom Falk:  Right.
Lauren Lieberman  Lehman Brothers:  Okay. Okay. Great.
Tom Falk:  Did that help?
Lauren Lieberman  Lehman Brothers:  Yeah, no, it really does. Okay, and then just a final thing with the promotional environment in Europe on Personal Care, I know you have talked in the past about it being very retailer driven, but at least the way it was written in the press release this time it actually made it sound to me like it was more manufacturer driven and that you opted not to participate. Is that a fair statement I mean--?
Tom Falk:  Id say in the first quarter it was more retailer driven and Id say in the second quarter you saw some of that abate a bit and saw some hot feature prices that we elected not to match. So, its hard to say whether that was driven just by retailers or there was some combination of competitor and retailers but  
Lauren Lieberman  Lehman Brothers:  Okay. But competitors were more willing I guess to fund those (inaudible) retailers--
Tom Falk:  You saw more buy one get one frees [ph] in the first quarter, you saw more one-third ops in the second quarter.
Lauren Lieberman  Lehman Brothers:  Okay. Okay, great, thank you.
Tom Falk:  Thanks.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Karen Lamara [ph] with Federated Investors [ph].
Karen Lamara  Federated Investors:  Good morning.
Tom Falk:  Good morning, Karen.
Karen Lamara  Federated Investors:  In Consumer Tissue in the emerging markets  developing and emerging markets, you specifically called out Latin America and Russia and I am wondering can you give us a little bit more color on the other markets as well as how sales trended by category. And then I have got a separate question on Health Care.
Tom Falk:  Yeah, maybe Mike can give you some of the detail on that.
Mike Masseth:  I think in Latin America the Consumer Tissue business was the strongest and I think Mark talked about the strong organic sales growth there. Volumes were up high-single digits and price and mix was also high-single digits. And in Asia, we continued with what we have seen over the past couple of quarters, higher pricing as costs  cost increases are passed along. Prices were up 4% in Asia and volumes were up about 3%. So, we are getting growth overall and  but much faster growth in Latin America.
Karen Lamara  Federated Investors:  Okay, thats helpful. Thanks. And then on Health Care, to the extent that it seems like surgical supplies have been a bit challenged for a while and its more competitive category I am wondering are you rethinking your staying power with that category? Is that something you would consider divesting off and maybe what you think the margins could be over time if thats changed? Thanks.
Tom Falk:  Yeah, I mean the surgical business has got a wide variety of components with everything from sterile wrap where we have a very stable position, strong market share, to the Nitrile gloves, which we talked about where we actually saw a reasonable volume uptick this quarter. And then surgical gowns, which was probably the one that came under the most competitive pressure this quarter as you had a couple of competitors leading price down in that category despite the cost increases. So, again, we have got a very  we have got a leading market share in that category. We are doing some things on our cost position to make sure we can be competitive at a reasonable price and a reasonable margin for us and those initiatives arent fully in place yet but we are continuing to work on those and believe its an attractive business for us still..
Karen Lamara  Federated Investors:  Okay. Thanks.
Tom Falk:  Thanks.
Mark Buthman:  Thanks.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Jason Gere with Wachovia Capital Markets.
Jason Gere  Wachovia Capital Markets:  Good morning guys. Just a quick question. I guess, can you just give us more of an update on the management transition thats taken place obviously with Robert replacing Steve and Bob replacing Robert. Obviously D&E markets havent missed a beat. Just maybe thinking more about Europe and some of the changes that you might be able to enable there in that market.
Tom Falk:  Sure. Overall the transitions are going very well and all of the participants have done everything they can to make it a very smooth hand off. So, Steve works very closely with Robert to make that transition seamless. Obviously Robert had worked in at ACP for a number of years before he has gone on to work in other parts of the business. So, he knows the people, knows the businesses and the marketplace. And then Robert has in turn worked with Bob Black to get him started up in D&E. And so the reality is we have a lot of good people running our businesses day to day in all of the markets around the world. And so that gave us a strong base to be able to make the leadership changes at the top.
Jason Gere  Wachovia Capital Markets:  Okay, and then just kind of sticking with Europe on the tissue side, can you just talk maybe a little bit about with SEA coming in and taking over P&Gs brands I know obviously we have talked about just the weak environment out there, but I was just wondering more from a competitive standpoint if you havent talked about already. Thanks.
Tom Falk:  Yeah, I mean, you know, P&Gs brands werent in a particularly strong place in any of the markets. Probably the one brand they had that was fairly decent was Tempo and thats primarily in the hanks business primarily in the continent where we are a relatively smaller player. So, I wouldnt say we have seen a huge amount of impact from that deal at this point in time.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Filippe Goossens with Credit Suisse.
Filippe Goossens  Credit Suisse:  Yes, good morning, gentlemen.
Tom Falk:  Good morning, Filippe.
Mark Buthman: Good morning.
Filippe Goossens  Credit Suisse:  Lets start with my favorite topic the emerging markets again. Last week, Tom, if I recall correctly when we were talking generally about cost inflation, commodity prices, you had basically indicated that in the emerging markets there was less a need to take pricing because the impact on the cost structure was less than in the U.S. because of the favorable development of their currencies versus the dollar. And obviously very hard to predict where currencies are going to go, but some indication that may be the dollar will come off stabilize at current levels. Can you just share with us 1) how you look at the need to take pricing in emerging markets and within that context. And secondly, we talked about the revenue contribution of emerging markets that we have never really talked about in earnings contribution. And the question really there is are you continuing to make progress in narrowing the margin differential between your developed markets and your developing markets?
Tom Falk:  Yeah, on the last question first, yeah, we are narrowing the margin gap, but unfortunately its because the rest of the corporation is moving closer to developing and emerging markets, so D&E has done a good job. And we have talked about it from number of years of growing profits roughly the same as or in some cases slightly faster than sales growth, so we have seen that over a number of quarters be right around or right around that range. So, there is less dilution from the faster growth in emerging markets and our margins are maybe there ever was. In terms of pricing decisions, its very much a local market phenomenon. A lot of it depends on sourcing and so if its all locally sourced then you are looking at whats  how has that currency performed versus the dollar and what are the pricing needs, who your competitive set, how are they sourced and so its very much of a market by market decision on how those things play out as opposed to an enterprise wide strategy.
Filippe Goossens  Credit Suisse:  Okay. And then the other part of the emerging markets question, Tom, obviously it is one of the great highlights of your business here the way thats developing. At this juncture, you still have not seen any slowdown in that business, Tom? We had Brazil recently increase interest rates meaningfully again. We had Indonesia raising fuel prices or at least cutting back on subsidies significantly. At this juncture, you are still not seeing any material slowdown, correct?
Tom Falk:  Thats right. Yeah, and thats a  the markets that we  across Latin America, generally we are doing very well including Brazil. Indonesia is a very small market for us. We dont have a huge amount of exposure there. Continue to do very well in Korea. Markets like Vietnam are just on fire right now and are going great guns. So, individual pockets of strength that have worked very well for us. 
Filippe Goossens  Credit Suisse:  Okay, then moving to  two final questions if I may, Tom. First one is intuitively if you are operating in a higher inflationary environment you would think that distributors, retailers would try to stock up as of another price increase. Yet we are not seeing that. Is that because you as an industry are not allowing them to do that or the retailers conscious about their own margins and working capital constraints are just not doing that like they used to do in the past?
Tom Falk:  I guess a couple of phenomenon. This is more anecdotal than anything else. We have seen a couple of different behaviors. One is in a couple of cases retailers have actually taken their prices up ahead of the effective date of our price increase. So if we gave them 90 days notice, maybe 30 days before the price increased they will take the price up on shelf. So in effect they instead of loading, they basically upgrade the value of their own inventory and so you are starting to see that phenomenon. I think the other thing that you are seeing is that with so many competitors taking price increases they dont have the warehouse space to load across everybody. I mean they just dont have the room to store the product and so when you are in that kind of general inflation, they got limited ability to do that. Now we have got fairly high cube products. So if they were going to load on our stuff it would fill up their warehouses a lot faster. So, I think those are maybe two factors that are a little bit different than if this was a isolated one-off price increase.
Filippe Goossens  Credit Suisse:  Okay, and then the final question from me, if I may. Last week you provided quite a bit of granularity as it relates to the different components of the commodities inflation which was very helpful. Can you also just elaborate a little bit more on that granularity in terms of what a difference is or what the lag is before this higher input prices start flowing through the P&L? Should we assume that gas goes quicker because you are not as much hedged there? How does it compare with paper? A little bit more color would be very helpful here.
Tom Falk:  Yeah, sure, well things like diesel fuel because its a direct pass through from the carrier, so diesel is probably the fastest. Polymer prices are reset every month and we tend to pay a negotiated smooth price where we probably never the market peak, but we also dont pay the trough, so there is a bit of averaging that goes into the polymer shipped but it directionally follows movements in oil price, so that resets monthly. A lot of other packaging related costs around polyethylene and so forth those are situations where each individual packaging supplier will have discussions with us and will look for ways to offset part of that. So some of the packaging and (inaudible) and things like that take a little bit longer so maybe over the course of a quarter or two for those costs to get fully baked in. Things like pulp whenever the market price changes -- I think in one contract we have a 30-day lag, in other contracts its a straight market price. So those hit you pretty much directly. For all of our U.S. inventories were on LIFO, so we would flow cost through P&L so there really isnt an inventory buffer of moving it through inventory before it hits the P&L. So, that covers I think most of the major bucket  natural gas, again, to the extent we are not hedged, it flows directly through the P&L as natural gas changes in the marketplace. So, we are typically at least half hedged those. You have got a period of time where it averages into the numbers.
Filippe Goossens  Credit Suisse:  Great. Very helpful, Tom. Thank you so much.
Tom Falk:  Thank you, Filippe.
Operator:  Mr. Masseth, at this time, we have no further questions.
Mike Masseth:  Alright, David, thank you, everyone. I think we will wrap up. Tom, a couple of closing thoughts, please.
Tom Falk:  Yeah, once again, we feel good about the top line growth this quarter. We are focused on revenue realization, we are focused on investing in our brands. We will continue to be very efficient on the cost front and we thank you again for your support of Kimberly-Clark.
Mike Masseth:  Good bye, everyone.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael D. Masseth - VP, IR Mark A. Buthman - Sr. VP and CFO Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and CEO
Analysts: Jason Gere - Wachovia Capital Markets Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Gail Glazerman - UBS Chip Dillon - Citigroup Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Mariann Montagne - Thrivent Asset Management Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank John Faucher - J. P. Morgan
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience in holding. We now have Mr. Mike Masseth in conference. Please be aware, each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of Mr. Masseth's presentation, we will look we will open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] I would now turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Masseth. Mr. Masseth, you may begin sir.
Michael D. Masseth - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thanks David. And good morning everyone. We appreciate your interest in Kimberly-Clark. With us today are Thomas Falk Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO and Randy Vest, Vice President and Controller. Now here's the agenda for today's call. Mark will start with a review of our first quarter results. Then Tom will provide his perspective and discuss the outlook for 2008. That will leave us plenty of time to finish as usual with Q&A. For those wishing to follow along, we've a presentation of today's materials in the Investors section of our website, which is www.kimberly-clark.com. First, let me remind you that we will be making forward-looking statements during the call today. There can be no assurance that future events will occur as anticipated or that the company's results will be as estimated. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of factors that could cause our future results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. We will also be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted earnings per share, adjusted profit and adjusted operating margin. Management believes that reporting in this manner enables investors to better understand and analyze our ongoing results of operations. For additional information on why we make these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP, see today's news release and additional information on our website. Now I'll turn it over to Mark.
Mark A. Buthman - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Mike. Good morning everyone. I hope you had a chance to review our news release this morning with all the details of our results. I am going to briefly review the quarter, starting with a few headlines. First we achieved very good top line growth with sales up nearly 10%. That includes organic growth in excess of 5%, which is in line with our 4% to 6% target for 2008, led by strong performance in our Personal Care businesses. Second we reinvested back into the business at a healthy rate. Strategic marketing spending rose more than $20 million in the quarter, climbing faster than sales. And third we delivered solid bottom-line results. Adjusted earnings per share for the quarter were $1.08 up 5% from last year and in line with our previous guidance for earnings in a range of $1.05 to $1.08 per share. This was despite absorbing cost inflation that was well above our previous expectation. I would like to review some of the details of our results, starting with the top line for each of our segments. In Personal Care, sales climbed 14% driven by strong volume growth of 7%, improved net selling prices and product mix, each added an additional point of top line growth and currency benefited sales by 5%. In North America sales volumes increased about 4% and net selling prices rose 2%. Volume growth was led by our Adult Care business, with a double-digit gain behind improvements to poise and depend. Baby and child care delivered solid volume growth compared to a year ago, along with good early benefits from the price increases that started to go into effect in February. Moving to Europe, personal care sales volumes rose 1% with growth in Huggies diapers and baby wipes, and our Pull-Ups and DryNites, child care brands. Net selling prices were off 3% due to continued competitive activity in core markets. In the developing and emerging markets, personal care sales jumped more than 25%, that's the 14th consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. Sales volumes increased 13% with broad-based growth in each region. Highlights included: high 20s growth in the fast growing BRICIT countries, double-digit growth in Latin America overall and also in South Korea. Our D&E teams delivered outstanding results in the first quarter. We expect the positive momentum to continue going forward. Turning to consumer tissue, sales rose 7% including 4 points of benefit from currency. Higher net selling prices contributed 3 points of growth, although 1 point gain in product mix was offset by lower sales volumes. In North America, net sales were up slightly. Our focus on improving revenue realization drove a two-point gain in net selling prices and a one-point benefit in product mix. Those gains were offset by a 3% decline in sales volumes. That falloff was driven primarily by our decision to shed some low margin business in order to improve revenue realization and to support continued growth of higher margin offerings. In other parts of the business Kleenex facial tissue volumes recovered from a soft cold and flu season in the fourth quarter, more essentially even with year-ago performance. Switching to Europe, sales volumes gained 6%, spurred by growth from our market leading Andrex bath tissue brand in the U.K., and Kleenex brand in several markets. Moving to K-C Professional and other, sales increased 9% including nearly 5 points from currency. Organic sales were up more than 4% with higher sales volumes and net selling prices each contributing 2 points of growth. We had another good quarter with key growth initiatives in KCP. Global wiper sales continued to expand, with a first quarter increase of 12%. At the same time, KCPs business building efforts helped drive a strong double-digit increase in sales across the developing and emerging markets. We also had a solid quarter in North America with good volume growth in washroom business. Lastly, Healthcare segment sales were down almost 2%, despite 2 points of favorable currency. Net selling prices were off about 2% in the quarter and product mix and sales volumes, each fell about 1%. Although volumes were down slightly, overall performance was essentially on-track with our first quarter plan for healthcare. Comparisons were impacted as expected by strong growth last year in face masks, which benefited from avian flu preparedness that didn't recur this year. In addition, volumes and net selling prices declined in surgical products due to continued competitive market conditions. On the plus side, we generated solid growth in medical devices, led by our Ballard airway management offerings. We also had a good performance outside North America with the over all business growing at double-digit rate. Based on plans and price, we expect improvement in top-line performance from healthcare overall going forward. Now moving to operating profit and cost savings, and for this discussion, I am going to refer to adjusted operating profit and margins which excludes certain charges that are detailed in this morning news release. First quarter operating profit rose 3% to $688 million, with an operating margin of 14.3%. Profitability was impacted by significant cost inflation, which totaled about $160 million in the quarter. Due to escalating oil prices and continued increases in Eucalyptus pulp and secondary fiber, the inflationary impact on our bottom line was several cents per share, worst than our first quarter plan. Despite the inflation, we're continuing to invest in strategic marketing. In the first quarter, spending was up $22 million supporting growth in areas such as personal care and the developing and emerging markets, and adult care here in North America. We also kicked off our 'Be Kind to your Behind' campaign for Cottonelle bathroom tissue. Now turning to cost savings; we delivered total savings of more than $50 million in the first quarter. Our ongoing FORCE program generated savings of $24 million in the quarter, despite higher spending levels at some our facilities. At the same time, we realized $28 million of year-on-year benefit from our strategic cost reduction plan. We still expect to deliver total cost savings for 2008 in $200 million to $215 million range. Now, let's look briefly at first quarter segment operating margins. Personal Care continues to perform at a very high level with strong improvement versus year ago, fuelled by our top-line momentum. Profitability was up significantly in each region of the world. Both Consumer Tissue and K-C Professional and other segment margins continue to be impacted by inflationary pressures. In both of these businesses, the benefits from top-line growth did not overcome cost increases, particularly from pulp and higher manufacturing costs. Finally Healthcare margins were down reflecting lower sales, higher input costs and the impact of down time to manage inventories. Now switching to taxes; the adjusted effective tax rate in the first quarter was 27.7% that was towards the high end of our previous guidance for a rate in the 26% to 28% range. Compared to last year taxes overall were about $0.01 drag relative to a year-ago earnings. Looking ahead based on what we now, the second quarter 2008 adjusted rate should be in the 30% to 32% range. That's higher than both the first quarter of this year and the second quarter of the last year to the expected timing of tax planning initiatives. Now moving to cash flow in the balance sheet. Cash provided by operations was $426 million, compared to $525 million in the prior year. The decline was driven by increased working capital levels, particularly higher inventories. Although a significant portion of the inventory increase came from the combined effects of currency rates and cost inflation, we know we've got to be more efficient overall. Working capital is a key focus area for us company wide, our business teams are engaged in implementing plans to improve our inventory management performance. We expect to make progress later in the year. Looking at capital spending, we invested $220 million in the first quarter. That's in line with our full-year investment target of $850 million to $950 million. Regarding share repurchases, we bought $3.1 million of KMB stock at a cost of about $200 million during the quarter. That's consistent with our full-year target to repurchase $800 million to $1 billion worth of KC stock. So that wraps up the financial review. To recap the quarter, we achieved strong top-line growth, we reinvested nicely back into the business, and we delivered solid bottom-line results in line with our commitments. Now I will turn it over to Tom.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Mark and good morning everyone. I'll comment briefly about the first quarter then I will review the outlook for the balance for the year. My headline today is that we are continuing to deliver as we build for tomorrow. Our teams are driving great results in personal care and across the developing emerging markets organization. Now while inflation remains a big challenge for us, I am pleased with how we've been able to continue to overcome these cost pressures. As for my perspective on our first quarter results, I'd like to highlight several key points. First our businesses in developing and emerging markets are very healthy. Our teams are capitalizing up on the opportunity these rapidly growing market offer us with a blend of great marketing, solid product innovation and strong customer programs. And with a 22% jump in sales in the first quarter, our D&E businesses now we represent 31% of our portfolio and that's up from 28% just a year ago. Second, we are making good progress in improving our revenue realization with net selling prices up about 2% in the first quarter. I am encouraged by the successful implementation of the mid-quarter price increases for diapers, training pants, bathroom tissue, and paper towels in the U.S. From both a customer and a consumer point of view, so far these increases have gone very well and our market shares are in solid position overall. And with oil at $115 per barrel or even a little higher than that this morning and pulp nearly $900 per ton, you can be sure that improving revenue realization will remain a key focus for us. And third, even though we hit our plan for the quarter, we still got lots of room for improvement. Inflation aside, we're not satisfied with the margins in our Consumer Tissue, K-C Professional or Healthcare businesses. The fact is our operating costs were higher than we would like in all three of these businesses. We also not satisfied with working capital performance which as Mark mentioned earlier was a drag on cash flow in the quarter. We've got too much inventory and we're committed to being more efficient in this area. My final point is that throughout the first quarter, we continued to do the right things for the long-term health our businesses. We stepped up marketing spending to help build our brands, we brought innovation to market across our businesses or investing in capital to support our growth particularly, in developing and emerging markets and we're driving cost out of the system to help improve our competitive position. Now let me turn to the outlook. Our global business plan is creating sustainable growth and we're confident we will continue to deliver... to execute our plan well and deliver on our commitments going forward. Building on the momentum of our first quarter performance, we expect solid growth in organic sales over the balance for the year. Favorable currency effects at current rates of exchange should also benefit sales comparisons. One of the consequences of a weaker dollar however is inflation in dollar-based commodities like fiber and oil. As a result we anticipate that inflation will continue to put pressure on our margins, particularly in light of the escalation in costs over the past quarter. Nonetheless, we expect to generate good bottom-line improvement for the full year, as we focus on improving our revenue realization and reducing costs. Meanwhile we plan to continue to support our growth and further strengthen our competitive position, with higher levels of spending for strategic marketing and customer development. Overall, we remain comfortable that our results in 2008 would be in line with a long-term objectives of our plan. Specifically, we expect adjusted earnings per share in 2008 will be in a range of $4.45 to $4.60 per share, that's up 5% to 8% from the $4.25 per share we earned last year. As for the second quarter, we expect adjusted earnings per share will be in a range of $1.08 to $1.11. This will represent growth of 4% to 7% compared with the $1.04 per share we earned in 2007, even though we're projecting an increase in the effective income tax rate versus both last year and the first quarter of this year that's equivalent to several cents per share or more. To summarize, we're off to a good start in 2008 and we have solid plans in place to drive results over the balance of the year. We remain focused on delivering sustainable growth in sales and earnings and in deploying our cash in shareholder-friendly ways. We believe we have the right strategies in place and we intend to continue to drive our targeted growth initiatives, strengthen our capabilities and improve our cost effectiveness. Our strategies are designed to build strong enduring global brand franchises. Trusted brands like Huggies, Pull-Ups, Kleenex, Kotex, Scott and Depend to name just a few and we're confident that our efforts will result in long-term success for Kimberley-Clark regardless of the cost environment and create value for our shareholders. With that, thank you for your interest today and now we will be happy to take your questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen at this time we will open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question from Jason Gere with Wachovia Capital Markets.
Jason Gere - Wachovia Capital Markets: Good morning.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Jason
Jason Gere - Wachovia Capital Markets: Just a quick question. Can you talk a little bit more about what's going on in Europe, specifically maybe in the UK market on the diaper side. I believe one, P&G had been taken pricing there and I am not sure if you guys followed. So, I am just wondering just in the peak time of the UK market but also your four key markets, the competitive pressure's going on in that diaper market right now.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Just to clarify Jason which direction did you think they were taking pricing up or down?
Jason Gere - Wachovia Capital Markets: I heard that they were going up.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think what you've seen is if you it look at the UK market in particular, but this is to some extent through across Europe is that you have seen a lot of retailer generated price activity. Over there the retailers are actually funding very low prices in key destination categories like diapers. So you've seen lot more buy one get one free activity. You've seen then advertising diapers that might normally retail for six pounds a package being advertised on TV at three pounds per package and that's not all funded by the manufacturers. Most of it is being funded by the retailers who try and drive foot [ph] traffic in what's viewed as a slightly weaker economy in the UK. So I think you may see if there was may be less promotion in the fourth quarter versus the first quarter, you could see some sequential improvement. But I wouldn't say at this point in time there had been any broad upward movement in price in diapers at least in Europe, we have taken some tissue pricing up in the UK, specifically where Proctor is really not a player in that category any longer.
Jason Gere - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay, so I mean, what's your general outlook over the next couple of quarters For you know this business, I mean do you think things can get better or do you think it is really going to, with the sluggish European economy, that we should continue to see these type of activities going for at least the near term.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think the retailer generated activities is hard to predict, what they are going to do. They don't always give us complete visibility of those plans. As we look actually at Europe in a couple of categories, I was pleasantly surprised to see our tissue volumes were up by 6% in the first quarter and really across the core markets in Europe for diapers, we were down a little bit, but across the entire European market place we were up slightly from a volume standpoint. Price was negative in Europe for us on diapers in the quarter, which reflects the promotional environment that were are in. I guess, I would say at this point I am not seeing that easing one of the consequences of the weaker dollar and the stronger European currency is, that a lot of the local manufacturers aren't seeing the same level of cost inflation on dollar based commodities as we are seeing in this country.
Jason Gere - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay and then... just one more question, then jump back in the queue, can you... I mean, I know last quarter you'd talked about cost inflation about $400 million plus, I didn't see a numbers, this time I mean I am guessing it some where in that...I don't know if you can look at the quarter and it has a run rate going forward but it certainly well over 500... seems to be the right rate. Can you talk maybe a little bit about, if that is the case, are there more cost savings initiatives you can step up? Is it inevitable that there is more pricing coming that's coming through and specially in North America, do you feel comfortable taking another price increase... with what you have seen of the last two months consumers' reaction to the first price increase that's been kind of enabled? Thank you.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I mean there is a lot of questions in there. I guess I would say on the cost front certainly with $160 million of cost inflation in the first quarter, our $400 million estimate that we started out the year is, look light based on our current outlook... it's probably going to be at least $100 million more and maybe $200 million more than we started out. But obviously you picked the oil price and you can calculate what the impact is. In terms of the cost savings, we are still comfortable at the $200 million or $250 million a year is about what we are going to deliver this year. I think the extent we are going to cover it is going to come more on revenue side. And so we talked about price being 1% to 2%, we were trending to the high end of that range in the first quarter and that's certainly going to have to continue. Without speculating on future pricing I guess I would say that this price increase seem to have gone well from a retailer standpoint and a consumer standpoint. We're not seeing private label shares improving in fact to the contrary private label share are declining. And so I think in an inflationary environment like this you go to focus on revenue recognition to be able to cover that.
Jason Gere - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thanks and good luck with everything.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Jason.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein: Hey guys.
Mark A. Buthman - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hey Ali.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein: A few questions, one is just on your working capital. I mean it clearly continues to bloat here, and you guys keyed in on it, not only on this call but in the previous conference call. I'd love to get underneath what specifically from our operational standpoint you guys are doing to tackle that because, there is at least one school of thought out there, that says you can't really get at those numbers unless you change the incentives for both your sales folks and your ops folks to really, really focus in on that. Just trying to understand how you are going to of about trying to take that issue?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes I'll give you a little bit a color and may then maybe ask Mark to add some detail to it. You know, I think first of all if you look at the working capital... or we look primary working capital, receivables, payables, inventories, essentially receivables, payables are basically on-track in terms of day sales activity. So you are not seeing a lot of movement there and you saw a little bit of sequential decline in payables which really has more do with timing of capital spending and year-end accruals and things like that. But basically there isn't... is obviously more you can do in those areas, but no major issues. So big issue is inventory and if you look at inventory and kind of break it down about half of the increase in inventory is due to inflation in currency. And so obviously that's not allowed but you can manage on that front, but the other half is things that we can't manage and Mark just give your a little bit of color on that in terms of what we're doing from a compensation standpoint and how the team is focused on that.
Mark A. Buthman - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Ali this is a... obviously, a focus for us organization-wide both for our finance teams and the business teams. And for the first time we've got a specific incentive metric in our compensation plan related to working capital improvement. In the business team there is the whole variety of activities underway, starting with improving our demand planning, focusing on SKU management, as we've done a much better job with innovation and focusing on our customers making sure that we're really getting the right amount of velocity for every SKU we've have got in the portfolio. So I think your comments are spot on. We have got the incentives right. My belief is we've got all the information systems we need. We are fully deployed now with SAP across the organization. We have got all the tools and the processes. Now it's a matter of driving those activities down through the organization, which we've got plans in place to do.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay, different type of question; just around the commodities obviously which continue to be these big concern here. Last quarter there was a sheet of assumption, as you go through the assumption now and you compare the numbers obviously at that point we and other folks, I am sure thought they were conservative assumptions on the commodity cost and what you're assuming going forward that clearly changed. Can you gave us a taste of the assumptions they have embedded in the 345 to 360 going forward similar what you did in Q4 ?
Mark A. Buthman - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes that's... it's 445 to 460.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay.
Mark A. Buthman - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So we didn't lose a bucket in but that...
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein: yes sorry, sorry, sorry.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's okay. I just want to make sure you remember so. I think that the... as you look down the worst stream, fiber continues to be a slowing quarter-on-quarter but more that probably was in secondary fiber even more than pulp, which is a bit of a switch for us and you have seen recycle fiber has been in tight supply actually and in both the U.S and Europe. And so that's been probably the biggest dynamic and has led to more pricing in than the KCP business. So I think our secondary fiber costs were up something like 35% in the first quarter and expected to go higher in the balance of the year and that's probably been a big shift, and on the oil front that's a little bit harder to measure. Obviously diesel fuel is a direct pass through from the carriers and so diesel is at $4.20 and I think we came into the year, it was probably $3.50 or thereabout was our expectation. And so that's the big impact and that will continue. The balance of oil... we don't have a lot of direct oil exposure, but as it works its way through the supply chain in the polymer and adhesives and other materials, that will work its way through our cost assumptions and so in some way it depends on how hedged some of our suppliers were as to when you see those price increases coming through. And as they do come through, you are challenging every supplier to go back and find ways to offset or to offer us alternatives that mitigate some of the costs. So to extent we can, we are trying to avoid some of those, but obviously that will play a factor for us. When we look at the other materials in the first quarter, it was up about $60 million, I think year-over-year which was a big number.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein: So I mean, it sounds like all these numbers are obviously up yet guidance hasn't changed. You mentioned a second ago or a little cover minutes ago that, a lot of that will have to be pass through in terms of pricing?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes in terms of reconciling the cost to the bottom-line numbers I mean the positives will be, probably get more pricing than we expected. So it's more towards the high end of the range. We were probably more positive on the interest expense line as the commercial paper rates are gone at about 2% right now, so we are still expecting to be a little bit more positive on that assumption for the year. Other income and expenses in another area... where we typically assume a small amount of expenses we have had some currency hedging gains that been more positive so that's been other area. But there have been other areas of the P&L where we've been able to pick up some amount to cover that those cost differences.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay. And as in guess, a little bit of a broader question just on the pricing, How do mitigate all this. How do know that the consumer is about to book on your price increases until they actually do?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we have done price elasticity modeling for lot of our categories and we're working with the retailer they understand what items do you need in opening price points and where is move up price point, what are the of the promotional lifts at varying a levels of activity. We've got a lot of modeling data but in kind of inflationary environment, everybody is having to go back and relook at those. So in some cases you'll do it with count or with a sheet count our package count, at other places you do it with straight list and so it's probably more of an art form than a science in terms of understanding how to play that.
Mark A. Buthman - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think in some ways are K-C Professional business is actually more of a leading indicator than the consumer businesses and they actually had a very good volume quarter, both in the workplace and the washroom businesses.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And were very aggressive on price.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Ferrara with Merrill Lynch.
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Hey good morning guys.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Chris
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: What are the going to marketing spending a little bit, so was that up $22 million year-over-year; is that the right run rate we should think about for the rest of the year? And then just can you sort of bench mark yourself versus your peers in your categories. I know it differs by marketing and by peer but I was just wondering if you could benchmark yourself where you think you stand today on marketing spending versus the peer group.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we typically we're measuring share of voice in each of our categories and where we are versus launch activity and versus other. So we know some markets we will spend more than our share of voice in another market will spend little bit less, but generally we're looking to see that we were at least competitive and being heard. Let's say that Metric is getting a little bit more complicated, as we're doing more with alternative media and so we believe that we're among leaders in looking at integrated marketing planning to the spread our marketing dollars across, across a wider range of media and PR activities and so you know,I'd say we were probably a little less PV than average and a little bit more alternative than average. But I know that market place is changing pretty dramatically. In terms of how we spread the funds, as we spend pretty aggressively in D&E as we are really trying to build in emerging markets. Obviously spent, a fair amount in our tissue business behind some of the Cottonelle re-launch, so what where we have innovation and news will spend aggressively behind the news.
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: And as far as the run rate for the year, do you think the plus 22 million in Q1 is similar to what we will see for the rest of the year?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes I mean... I guess our expectation, as we've said over the long term is to continue to increase our strategic marketing spending. One of the interesting things as we have done that we are basically on plan with that for the year so far, but as we've done that we got more top-line for it and then probably we would have anticipated. So we're over delivering on the top-line and doing it with fairly modest increases in marketing spend.
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks. I just wanted to go back real quick to the offsets that you guys are generating to the material's cost inflation. So this quarter in particular, looks like other income swung pretty positively from expense to income. Was are these hedge gains on currency and how would you think about that line item through the rest of the year or is there any way to sort of get arms around that one?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The big swing was we had hedging losses last year or hedging gains this year and so and we are not... we are pretty routinely hedging about half our transaction exposure so it wasn't that we are doing more hedging or being more aggressive with hedging, it was really just more of the movement... the more consistent movement of the U.S. dollar. So we're every month hedging about one-twelfth of our transaction exposure twelve months out. So...
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Great thanks a lot. I appreciate it.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Filippe Goossens with Credit Suisse.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hello, Filippe.
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: Yes good morning. Tom, how are you today?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Pretty well.
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: I am going to focus my two questions this morning more on your developing and emerging markets, if I may. The first one, we have seen somewhat a subtle broadening in terms of your advertising mix, particularly in Latin America and that also includes the Huggies toiletries in addition to what you did previously with Huggies. So the three questions related to that observation, the first one is give that you are now advertising Huggies toiletries, is that an indication about your continued comfort emerging market will continue to significantly outperform the developed markets. Secondly can you talk a bit about your return on the invested capital for that type of advertising, compared to let's say the diaper business. And then finally, given the better margin profile of toiletries, could we expect from it to continue to focus on that side and perhaps look at let say tuck-in acquisition opportunities in order to make the company as a whole less dependent or less... make yourself less subject to these higher commodity prices?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think, I'll get all those done. Filippe you will have to help me if I forget one of those or in part of the way through. But in terms of the Huggies toiletries marketing pretty much the way we think about that is where we've got strong diaper shares. We're going to drive everything we can with the Huggies brand and all of the occasions around that Huggies brand name that we can. So in a lot of the developing and emerging markets, we have very strong diapers shares and so we are driving the toiletries business. We had some great success behind launches in Latin America and have built nice share positions. Having said it's still a relatively small category, relative to the rest of our businesses and feminine care for examples Diapers and even tissues in some of those markets. In terms of marketing ROI... that's a tool we are continuing to build and develop. And so we have got better metrics in place. But again that's an another one that is still more of art than a science and it's easier to see after it's happened than to be predictive of what's going to happen. So it is one that Tony Palmer and his team is really trying to build better capability to analyze our marketing spend and be more predictive with what we should expect for given levels of investment around the world. But developing and emerging markets has been a place that we found is a good opportunity to continue to invest and grow our business. In terms of the signal on toiletries and whether that... we should look for more tuck-in acquisitions, I think again this is more about building up the Huggies brand and we have got some great innovation there, and we are able to bring to the marketplace. But I wouldn't interpret that to be a strategic shift to the magnitude that you were describing. And I think that was all of the questions, did that cover everything you were looking for?
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: That's correct. Tom and I just had one another question on China. Obviously, a very fragmented market at this juncture, both for personal care products, as well as consumer tissue. Given the indication of the Chinese government that they are going to become more stricter as it relates to regulations. What specific opportunities will that create for companies like yourselves? And maybe just a little bit from a more broader perspective, if you look at China specifically, do you see the opportunities for you coming more from benefiting from category growth, as you make people more familiar with the... the Kimberly-Clark brand equity or do you see opportunities more coming from taking market share away, given that the market is still so fragmented at this stage.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: China is a very exciting market for us and it will appear for probably every other CPG company in the world. So there is a lot of companies ploughing the same ground in China right now. And so, it is a very competitive marketplace and there are a lots of brands, particularly at the low end, but more in the mid to premium tier where we want to play, we tend to run into the same global players with an occasional local player. So it's us and P&G and Unicharm are the major players in the premium personal care arena like diapers and fem care in China and so, our strategy is to really grow those... the premium and super-premium segments of the category. And as incomes improve for Chinese consumers that seems to be happening. We had a terrific top-line performance in the first quarter, as we did across most of the developing and emerging markets.
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: Any concern about some of the stronger local players like Tomakya Hangon [ph] trying to move more up scale and become incremental competition for you guys?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hangon is a terrific operator and they do a great job in a number of categories. So yes, I would say absolutely that would be a concern.
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: Okay, great. Thanks so much Tom.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line Lauren Lieberman with Lehman Brothers.
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Thanks. Good morning.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Lauren
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: First thing was, in the press release you guys mentioned some business exists in North America consumer tissue. Can you just elaborate on what that is and how much of an even impact there was on the quarter and is it something we should begin building into the next three?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, that was a private level contract and it accounted for more than half of the volume decline in the consumer tissue U.S numbers that we quoted for the first quarter and that comparison will be with us for most of the year.
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Okay, and that about the magnitude.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, roughly.
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: With no seasonality or anything.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No.
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Okay.So then rest of the decline we'd spend is obviously not that significant. Would you say that it's tied to the max to the pricing that came through or is there something else to just beware of.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, its really probably de-sheeting on Cottonelle. So we report volume in sheets as you know and so, as we de-sheeted Cottonelle on the fourth quarter of last year, that also volume comparison, so you know. We have good single digit volume growth on Scott tissue and we improved our net sale dollar over all for Cottonelle, but the de-sheeting was probably volume comparison that they, you typically see in period after a account change like that.
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then KC Professional, mean that is one the business that you spoken about has been really somewhat difficult volume was still really solid. And you also made it seem as though I think Mark just said it seems to be typically a forward indicator. So what are you seeing, I mean are you expecting volume to moderate going forward and are you expecting pricing to accelerate based on what you know about contract coming to you?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Mark and I just spent sometime with our KCP team in Atlanta and they several of them have just come back from our meeting with lot of there North American distributors. And they were more bullish than I was expecting. And so they were feeling like the first quarter was overall pretty solid, January and February were good months for the most of distributors and March was a little soft, but their outlook for April was positive and so they weren't really seeing the weakness. Obviously if you are making something that requires consumer credit to buy it. like a car or a house, it's a different story but the rest of the economy broadly based was in pretty good shape. So I'd say overall their outlook continues to be pretty positive, more than you might have expected for the economy at this point in time.
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Okay and then pricing question, I mean it should be accelerating what comes through in P&L based on contracts coming due?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we were very aggressive in pushing this most recent price increase through. There appears to be sticking. It appears that competition is mostly following in the professional market and obviously as contracts come up, the message that we are giving that team is to be aggressive on revenue recognition this year.
Mark A. Buthman - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So I think Lauren they had, I think KCP said eight separate price increase over the last 3.5 years. So they... it actually been ahead of the consumer business and in discussions with the team they are very focused on improving realization. So they have got, I wouldn't call it a rhythm but they've got almost a biannual price increase model and they really got the sales team focused on realization now, which is a good thing to see.
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Okay.But just to be clear on that I mean those price increases, it only applies for a certain amount of time. So if contracts come due, things don't come due every year so its not that?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: One of the things we are trying to do, Lauren, which maybe we haven't talked about as much as we have been trying to convert more of our contracts to what's called an until further notice contract as opposed to an annual negotiation, so that we can change price more flexibly going forward. Now there are still are some big government contracts that are on annual bid, but more of the day-to-day business is on an until for the notice contract.
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Okay, Okay great. And then just finally on the Healthcare business; also in the press release, mentioned something about some issues in surgical supply, pricing was down which I would never expected and volume was a little bit better, but if are going to talk some of the dynamics there, what exactly is going on from a competitive standpoint and if you have started to make up some of that business in the nitrile gloves?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Healthcare is sort of a tale of two cities there. We have got the supply business which is things like gloves and surgical and surgical wrap and gowns and that been a tough competitive battle. Then we have got the devices business, which are all the Ballard products, and those have been going very well. So we had solid growth in devices in the quarter and we had good international growth in the quarter which is up double digit, but the drag which are the bigger parts of the business are in the supply side and some of it was comparisons to the prior quarter where we had a fair amount of mask sales still for avian flu ordering which obviously was a weaker flu season, so there wasn't as much of that this year, but some of it was still the gloves comparisons and it's a longer sale cycle to really gain back customers from a glove standpoint, so the team feels good about the order pipeline, but it hasn't all translated in the orders at this point time and so... take pricing is more competitive than you would think in the environment on the supply side as we have companies like Medline and even Cardinal, have been more aggressive and are trying to take bid business which is what why you saw the... the little bit weaker price comparison, so I think there is more competition in healthcare than we are probably expecting at this point in time given the cost that occurring in the cycle.
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Okay, great thank you.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital: Good morning.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Connie.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital: I have couple of questions. First I think you mentioned in you remarks that while you were pleased with the margin in the Personal Care segment, you thought there was more improvement in the rest of the business. In those businesses were the cost is higher than you had expected because of inflation or there is something on the SG&A area that is ahead of budget?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'd say SG&A were on track. I think in particularly in Consumer Tissue and K-C Professional which are big manufacturing operations, we didn't operate a couple of our mills at plans so we had some higher cost in Consumer Tissue in Europe as we were converting over the to the Andrex long roll that affected us, a couple of our tissue mills in the U.S. had some unplanned maintenance spending that was higher than we anticipated in the first quarter and so... those were areas that we were referencing and despite the inflation we also didn't operate as planned in a couple of our business in the first quarter.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital: Well can you quantify what the gross margin impact of the mills not operating as planned would have been, just to put it into perspective relative to what's happening with inflation?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well mean inflation would be by far the bigger number. So you are probably talking in the high single digit, low double-digit millions of dollars as opposed to the $160 million of cost inflation that we saw for the quarter.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital: Okay. And then secondly, as food inflation rises in a lot of the developing and emerging world, have you seen that start to cut into disposable impact, and have some sort of impact on your BRICIT sales?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Obviously we have a great D&E quarter, where sales were up 22% I think if you look at our BRICIT sales for the quarter, they were up more than 40% and so were not seeing that yet at this point in time. Obviously, as we have thought about that you get about a billion people in the world that live on a dollar a day or less. And as rice has doubled than other food stuff have doubled, that's clearly cutting into their purchasing power. If you think about our strategy, we probably are aimed at more the... the middle income consumer or the growing middle class and in most of those markets, incomes for that group are still rising faster than inflation and so you are not seeing as big of a pocketbook impact on the food cost. But it is something that... that we continue to watch and has some concern about. But so far it doesn't seem to be affecting our D&E sales as much as you might have expected.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital: Okay that's great, and just one final question back to inventory. I think we understand that you are going to... you have changed your compensation structure to address the inventory issue. But are there targets in terms of the number of days you want to take out or the gross rate of inventory?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes basically we are targeting a working capital as a percent of sales. And then they can break that down into individual business units in terms of how they track back to get to the percent of sales targets.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital: Okay can you give us what the inventory targets are?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It will vary, vary by business. At an enterprise level, we again we are setting the goal to reduce working capital as a percent of sales. Obviously we were up in the first quarter so will be talking to our top 1000 leaders right after this call and talking about how we're going to get back on track so.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital: Okay, thanks very much.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: our next question is comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Hi good morning.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Gail.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: You've touched on this a little bit on the call but just to be explicit, last call you were very bullish I guess from the U.S consumers and having pushed through on the price increase. I 'm just wondering and the expenses you have had in this quarter are you just as bullish, less bullish?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No we still feel it's pretty good; we are looking up private levels shares... kind of how that compared to versus the first quarter last year and also sequentially and you're seeing private label shares flat or down in nearly every category that we compete in both sequentially and versus first quarter of last year. So that would say that the consumers holding up pretty well and this environment. So used to still seeing solid growth in the super premium segment of categories. So where we are able to bring those... little luxuries that don't cost that much more but mom's going to buy that to take a care of her family. You got to obviously see deliver value in those situations she'll keep coming back and buying that. But so far we're still optimistic about the consumer.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay, great, and just going back to inflation. When you are talking about the fiber, you are highlighting... you are highlighting waste paper and doing that earlier and turn there earlier comments on you suggest and general specifically looking at call is that playing out largely we expected or your stand a little bit more fresh back on placing the encourage that you see some of the these later on the year.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You know that Northern softwood that been tracking pretty much with expectations. Eucalyptus has run up faster and expected in fact with more capacity coming on in the Southern hardwood type, and while we expected that to be the weaker grade for the year and it's actually it was $20 it only took in February and they are proposing $40 for April. That's a more aggressive move than we would have expected for eucalyptus at this point in time. Secondary fiber has had more to do with Asian demand for secondary fibers there. They are buying up lot of the secondary that's available on the U.S and Europe and shipping it to China to be used in cardboard box plants that are being built over there. So... that's one that I don't see that trend slowing down too much either in the near term.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay and finally a last question, going back to Europe you talked about not as much cost pressure because of the currency and what that means? I am just wondering, I mean given that prices are actually down in Europe I mean if there has to be significant margin pressure there. Is there any sense what might that to break and turn in the other direction?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well we did give some consumer tissue price in the quarter but did not achieve any in the personal care front. And so I think what you are seeing right now is more of the retailer driving category price levels and lost some of those retailer skirmishes take place, it's going to be difficult call what the long-term pricing levels are going to look like.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon from Citigroup.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Hi, good morning Mark and Tom; first question is on the you mentioned the consumer tissue prices were up 2% year-on-year. How much of the first quarter initiatives did you actually experience in the quarter and sort of how much has left over to see realized in the second quarter?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'd say that there is the pricing in both consumer tissue as well as on diapers and training pants which all happens around the same time happened around mid quarter, so around the middle of February.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Okay, we've about half way to go.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Right.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Okay. And then you mentioned I think Mark you mentioned that the fiber I think it's a fiber or fiber energy were several cents above plan in the first quarter. Can you talk a little bit about how they broke down and did you mean $0.2, $0.4 just to give us an idea.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Somewhere in there you know several is more than five and less than ten.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: But you were talking about these categories is just fiber?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Both those categories.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Okay. And then you mentioned on that this one thing on the other income, which was usually is a negative number in the currency gains. If we would I guess expect to see that kind of a number, if we see a dollar maintain it's pace of decline was just pretty sharp in the first quarter, but if we don't then I believe we would not see such an increase in the future quarter. So is that correct?
Mark A. Buthman - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Chip,I think it's really tough to predict, but I think a kind of plus or minus $5 million expense or income is the range I would think about.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Okay, got you. And then last year the tax rate in your press release on January 24th you mentioned tax rate for '08 of 30% to 32%, but in the comments you said 26% to 28%. Usually I believe your are supposed to... I am not an accountant, but make your best guess each quarter so what your full year rate will be and it looks like this year you tell us 30% to 32% in the second. Is that also your best guess of the year or is that in the adjustments to get you through a level that you think will be different for the year.
Mark A. Buthman - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No our full year outlook is still the same at 28% to 30%. Just timing of various initiatives hit us such that, under the current accounting rule... under the accounting rules, you sort of book them when you have them and we are expecting the second quarter to be 30% to 32%?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And Chip, I used to be and accountant, so I understood the way that you described that you use to kind of true it up, but a lot of the new accountings rule works which is, FIN 48 you basically have to mark all of our reserves up or down during each quarter. So you're going to see, I think from those companies more volatility in interim effective rates. But we still think the long-term rates for the year is going to be in the 28% to 30% range.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Got you. Thank you very much.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Sawyer with Goldman Sachs.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: Hello guys, I was just wondering if you could maybe help me through the PERSONAL CARE margin behavior. I guess if its going to try and break down, how much of that is coming from pricing and versus leverage on growth in your in your emerging markets?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Personal care if you look at price in mix it was about a point in North America, it was down three in Europe, we were up about five points of prices in Latin America and Asia was about a push. So I'd say pricing mix was overall a slightly positive, probably a couple of points, the bigger factor I think driving some of the margin activity was volume where we had decent volume growth in North America about 4% Europe was pretty flat but Latin America and Asia were up double-digit, so I'd volume was a bigger impact on Personal Care profitability in the quarter.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: Just kind of shifting gears, you see strategic marketing up, but you guys have acknowledged, you are kind of pairing back on your in-store promotional support, which you have seen come in the Nielsen data. Do you have any early feedback on how competitors or retailers are responding to that, and I guess what implication you see at the consumer level as well.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes in terms of paring backing in-store promotional support, I think we are trying to make sure that we are managing the rate of increase in our trade funding but I would expect that your going see us continue to get our fair share of promotional support and so it's just trying to do it in a more efficient way and spend less where we can do achieve that. So I think as we look at out marketing execution, we're more focused on full 360 execution ever before so being able to take the great strategic marketing work that we are doing and carrying it all the way to the retailers, so its really getting those dollars to work harder for us and deliver more volume for the same marketing spend is really the focus that our teams are centered on.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: Well, thanks a lot guys.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Andrew.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mariann Montagne with Thrivent Asset Management.
Mariann Montagne - Thrivent Asset Management: That's Thrivent.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Mariann.
Mariann Montagne - Thrivent Asset Management: I am just wondering about Consumer Tissue in Western Europe, the 6% volume number was pretty outstanding and do you think that something that you can continue to achieve or improve upon?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I'd say a couple of thing, Europe had a much cold and flu season than North America, so particularly in France and the UK we had a great facial tissue quarter, as symptomatology was much worse over there, then it was here. So some of that was a seasonal impact that won't be that wont be sustained, but we also had a very a very solid launch of Andrex long in the first quarter. I am sure there was some pipeline still as we brought that new product to market but, but it was the solid launch and good promotional support behind it. so probably I'd say here the category is certainly not growth at that rate, so we were going a little bit ahead of the category, so I would expect we wont sustain at quiet at that level, but we are encouraged by the performance in the first quarter.
Mariann Montagne - Thrivent Asset Management: Well, I am encouraged they kept the flu over there. The other pricing beside of thing, can you just give us a rough number as to what the average price increase was at mid quarter, weighted for your portfolio? And also, if that was something that still needs to be offset by the commitments and promotions or what have you and when we can actually see those numbers coming into Kimberly?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well if you look at the... just for the whole company, net price promotion for the first quarter, was about 2%.
Mariann Montagne - Thrivent Asset Management: Right.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The list price increases in North America were more than 5%, 6% and so obviously we had about a half a quarter of that. But as we look at our outlook for the whole year, our guidance for the... when we had laid it out was to have price in the 1to 2% range. I still think that's the right guidance, but I would guess we would trend more towards the high end of that range then the low end of that range.
Mariann Montagne - Thrivent Asset Management: Okay, and is there focus more upon taking the pricing to cover the cost throughout and looking for more volumes at this point?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Mariann Montagne - Thrivent Asset Management: Okay, but still the 2% looks like the number for the year.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think that if you continue to see inflation at the level that is at, it will obviously be more aggressive and looking for price and give you more guidance as that plays out. But that's our planning assumption at this point in time.
Mariann Montagne - Thrivent Asset Management: But just in general, too, I am wondering what makes you optimistic about the 108 to 111 range, given the much higher tax rate during the quarter what in the basic business looks very strongly going into the second quarter.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We will have some sequential improvement from, revenue realization and in North American consumer businesses our K-C Professional business also typically starts out a little slow as most distributors tend to not order as much in January. So we expect the pick up in KC Professional sequentially. The momentum continues to be good we expect that to be strong heading into the second quarter so those are probably the biggest factors that we'd be looking at.
Mariann Montagne - Thrivent Asset Management: Okay, thank you
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks
Operator: Our next question is from Bill Schmitz from the Deutsche Bank.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Hi good morning
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:
Morning Bill:
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Hey what only pre-buying ahead of the pricing increases in February?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'd see very minimal we try to manage that as most good manufactures do to... to avoid that what you saw with some customers is they actually took their retail prices up ahead of our price increase. So they in effect got the advantage of that retail without pre-buying.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: It's a pretty good trick actually, and then operating profit growth for the year and then free cash flow growth for the year. Do you have any assumptions in those two metrics?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think operating profit growth for the year will be relatively consistent with our original assumptions, we are looking for some margin expansion for the year, given what we are starting out, I think that's going to be more difficult, but with the stronger top-line, you should still see reasonable operating profit, comparisons, free cash flow growth is going to depend on how successful we are at improving working capital in the back half of the year.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So there is no number around it, I mean if the returns probably hasn't grown, but if you do it for the improvement, you should see sort of modest low single growth is that fair?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think that's probably fair.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then you had a talk about...all the other input cost and the model but you never talked about diesel. Can you just give me some help on your sensitivity of diesel prices.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Bill, I think if you look at the first quarter, I mean distribution cost other than volume was up about $20 million which is that's not all diesel, but they are good chunk of it is diesel. So... I don't know Mark or Paul if you have got any other input on that.
Mark A. Buthman - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Really get a just part of the overall assumption that we would have on an oil is that in North America which would be the biggest impact for every dollar per barrel of oil change. We've got about that $5 million to $6 million impact to us in various things that comes through including diesel, fuel and power packaging and other things like that. I would say that diesel fuel comes through the quickest and then the other things take some time to roll through the system.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay, That will answer my questions. So in that $6 million diesel's incorporated in that number.
Mark A. Buthman - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's correct.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. Thanks very much guys.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Faucher with J.P. Morgan Chase.
John Faucher - J. P. Morgan: Good morning guys. I really apologize for following up on in this inventory situation again, but I just want to square something in your opening comments or I think you said that you would have some factory downtime to keep finished goods inventory lower and I am assuming this is a same downtime that you referred to as sort of maintenance issue during the Q&A. Is that correct?
Mark A. Buthman - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: John that's my comment was in my remarks and that specifically relates to the Healthcare business.
John Faucher - J. P. Morgan: Okay
Mark A. Buthman - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Different and the comments Tom talked about which regarded downtime which impacted our cost.
John Faucher - J. P. Morgan: Okay, got it. And then so if we look it there is some may this is question isn't really relevant then, but did we see a bigger increase in raw material inventories as opposed to finished goods inventories in this quarter, when we look at that inventory number and you know again, is that exacerbated by the cost inflation we're seeing. Does that mean all the more forward by in pulp what have you?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I say we saw a little bit of that for example in our K-C Professional business that they are keeping a little bit more secondary fiber around just because it was hard to get and so where you can find some you tend to buy it. But I will say the majority of increase was in finished product and not in higher quantities of raw materials.
John Faucher - J. P. Morgan: Okay and so as we follow up on the finished products commentary you guys have talked about pretty consistently over the past nine months in terms of being related to the restructuring piece, etcetera so its been reserved the commentary there is still consistent with where you have been over the past nine months, that just probably a little bit worse than where you anticipate and so the back half benefit probably will still happen just may be of the higher base?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes we just finished set of forecast reviews on each of our business and every body had I mean reason why we had more inventory, but they all have plans to bring it down and some the,
John Faucher - J. P. Morgan: But the problem is everyone has the reason why they have higher inventory?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: some of them were building it for product launches and some of them legitimately is the case and in the end we probably had a more complexity with SKUs we got them more complex distribution system in so. Some it will systematically higher then it was before we started and we can be still be better then we have done today and we will be taking some down time in the second quarter and third quarter to help it bring it back into line.
John Faucher - J. P. Morgan: Okay, great, thanks.
Operator: At this time we have no further questions.
Mark A. Buthman - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you David, then I guess, we will wrap it up. Tom, some closing comments please ?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I am very pleased with the performance delivered very good top line growth particularly in Personal Care and our developed and emerging markets business. And we are looking forward to continue and deliver on our commitments. And thank you again for your support to Kimberly-Clark.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael D. Masseth - VP of IR Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and CEO Mark A. Buthman - Sr. VP and CFO Randy J. Vest - VP and Controller
Analysts: Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Chip Dillon - Smith Barney Jason Gere - Wachovia Capital Markets Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch Gail Glazerman - UBS Warburg Amy Low Chasen - Goldman Sachs John Faucher - J.P. Morgan Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets Justin Hott - Bear Stearns Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse
Operator: Excuse me, everyone. We now have Mr. Mike Masseth in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of Mr. Masseth's presentation, we will open the floor for questions. At that time instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Masseth. Mr. Masseth, you may begin, sir.
Michael D. Masseth - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate your interest in Kimberly-Clark. With us today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO; and Randy Vest, Vice President and Controller. Now, here is the agenda for today's call. Mark will start with a review of our fourth quarter results. Then Tom will provide his perspective and discuss our outlook for 2008, and that will leave us plenty of time to finish as usual with Q&A. For those wishing to follow along, we have a presentation of today's materials in the investors section of our website, www.kimberly-clark.com. The presentation also includes details regarding our 2008 planning assumptions. First, let me remind you, that we'll be making forward-looking statements during the call today. There can be no assurance that future events will occur as anticipated or that the company's results will be as estimated. Please refer to the risk factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a description of factors that could cause future results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. We'll also be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted earnings per share, adjusted operating profit, and adjusted operating margin. Management believes that reporting in this manner enables investors to better understand and analyze our ongoing results of operations. For additional information on why we make these adjustments and reconciliation to comparable financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP, see today's news release and additional information on our website. Now, I will turn it over to Mark.
Mark A. Buthman - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. I hope you had a chance to review our news release this morning with the details of our results. I'm going to briefly review the quarter and I am going to start with a few headlines. First, we achieved outstanding top line growth with sales up 10.5%, that includes about 6% organic growth above our sales objective led by very strong performance in Personal Care. Second, we delivered solid bottom line results. Adjusted earnings per share for the quarter were $1.11, up 8% from last year and in line with our previous guidance for earnings in a range of $1.09 to $1.11 a share. This was despite observing cost inflation that was well above our previous expectation. Third, we continue to deploy cash in shareholder friendly ways. Our fourth quarter share repurchases and dividend payments brought the full year total to more than $3.7 billion. Now, I would like to review some of the details of our results, and I will start with the top line for each of our segments. In Personal Care, sales climbed 16%, driven by strong volume growth of 10% and currency benefits of 5%. In North America, we delivered broad based volume growth of 10%-plus as our brands continue to benefit from innovation. Huggies posted double-digit volume growth in both diapers and baby wipes fueled by premium tier innovations. Volumes also rose at a double-digit rate in child care with good early benefits from our new GoodNites Sleep Boxers and Sleep Shorts. And in adult care, volumes advanced 7% behind improvements to both Poise and Depend. Moving to Europe, fourth-quarter sales volumes for Personal Care rose 3%. Growth was led by Huggies diapers and baby wipes and our Pull-Ups and DriNites child care brands. In the developing and emerging markets, Personal Care sales jumped nearly 25% as the 13th consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. Sales volumes increased 14% with a number of strong performers. Highlights included high teens volume growth in the fast-growing BRICET countries, double-digit volume growth in Latin America overall and also in South Korea. Our D&E team executed very well throughout 2007 and we continue to be excited about our growth prospects in this part of the world. Turning to Consumer Tissues, sales rose 7%, including five points of benefit from currency. Improved product mix and higher net selling prices each contributed one point of growth. In North America, sales volumes fell 1%. We had solid growth in bathroom tissue and paper towels, spurred by Scott Bath and Viva Towels. That growth was offset by lower Kleenex facial tissue volumes in conjunction with a very slow start to the cold and flu season this year. Net selling prices in North American Consumer Tissue were off about 2% in the quarter. That reflects heightened levels of competitive promotion activity in premium bathroom tissue and support for Kleenex in anticipation of a seasonal pickup in volumes that has not yet occurred. Now, switching the Europe, sales volumes gained 4%. That included strong Kleenex facial tissue performance along with higher sales of Andrex bathroom tissue in the UK. Moving to K-C Professional and Other, sales increased 8%, including five points from currency. Higher volumes, net selling prices, and improved mix each added one point to top line growth. We had another good quarter with key growth initiatives [inaudible]. Global wiper sales continued to expand with a fourth-quarter increase of about 8%. At the same time, KCP's business building efforts helped drive a strong double-digit increase in sales across the developing and emerging markets. We also had a solid quarter in North America with good volume growth in our washroom business. European volumes were down, however, compared to strong results in the year-ago period. I'll finish the review of the top line with Health Care segment sales being up 1%, including two points of favorable currency. Product mix improved sales by 2%, offset by lower net selling prices. Volumes were up 1% compared to the year-ago period. Although down versus prior year, sales volumes and our comparisons improved nicely from the past few quarters, as we expected. In the fourth quarter, we started to anniversary much of the impact of our transition out of the latex glove category and sales of higher margin Nitrile gloves continued to grow. We also generated solid growth in medical devices led by our Ballard airway management offerings. With most of the latex exam glove sales comparisons now behind us, we're targeting solid volume growth in Health Care overall in 2008. Now, I want to move to operating profit and cost savings. And for this discussion, I'll refer to adjusted operating profit and margin, which excludes certain charges detailed in this morning's news release. Fourth-quarter operating profit rose 3%- plus to $697 million with an operating margin of 14.6%. Profitability was impacted by significant cost inflation, which totaled about $115 million in the quarter. Due to the run up in oil prices, the inflationary impact on our bottom line was several cents per share worse than our fourth-quarter plan. Despite the inflation, we're continuing to invest in strategic marketing. In the fourth quarter, spending was up $10 million, supporting growth in areas such as Personal Care in the developing and emerging markets and Viva Towels here in North America. Now, turning to cost savings, we delivered total savings of about $60 million in the fourth quarter. Our ongoing FORCE program generated savings of $30 million in the quarter, despite higher spending levels at some of our facilities. At the same time, we realized $30 million of year-on-year benefit from our strategic cost reduction plan. Now let's take a brief look at fourth quarter segment operating margins. Personal Care continues to perform at a very high level, with strong improvement versus year-ago fueled by our top line momentum. K-C Professional and Other margins fell primarily due to fiber cost increases. Because of the continued cost pressures, KCP will start to implement another price increase in the US later in the first quarter. Health Care margins were down reflecting lower sales volumes and higher costs. And finally, in Consumer Tissue, as we've seen all year, margins continue to be impacted by pulp cost inflation. Fourth quarter profitability was also impacted by the higher trade promotion and weak cold and flu season in North America. Now switching to taxes, there are plenty of details in the news release and our presentation on the website, so I won't repeat them here, but the bottom line is that the taxes overall were about a $0.02 benefit relative to our fourth quarter plan. That was that benefit was driven by benefits realized in the majority owned affiliates in Latin America, partially offset by a net expense from our synthetic fuels initiative, caused by the high price of oil throughout the quarter. Now looking ahead based on what we know now, the first quarter 2008 adjusted effective tax rate should be in the 26% to 28% range. Now shifting to cash flow and the balance sheet. Cash provided by operations was $685 million compared to $813 million in the prior year. Now the year on year comparison was impacted by the $123 million special dividend we received in the fourth quarter of 2006 from K-C de Mexico following the sale of their pulp and paper business. Looking to capital spending, we invested $213 million dollars in the fourth quarter, bringing the full year total to $989 million. That was at the high end of our $900 million to $1 billion target consistent with what we communicated last quarter. Our full-year spending was in line with our long-term target of 5% to 6% of sales. Regarding share repurchases, we bought 3.9 million shares of KMB stock at a cost of about $269 million during the quarter. For the year, we repurchased 41.2 million shares of our stock at a cost of $2.8 billion and we reduced our share count by 8% from the beginning of 2007. We also paid out more than $900 million in dividends this year. So, that wraps up the financial review. To recap the quarter, we achieved strong top line growth; we delivered solid bottom line results in line with our commitment, and we continue to allocate cash in shareholder friendly ways. Now, I'll turn it over to Tom.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll comment briefly about our progress during 2007 and then I'll go over the outlook for the coming year. Our headline for 2007 is that we again delivered on our commitments while strengthening our platform for future growth. For the year, our top line growth was better than we expected as we started the year and that improvement in top line really contributed to the solid improvement in adjusted operating profit and earnings per share, and those were in line with our long-term targets, that despite significantly higher inflation, and it includes the stepped up level of marketing spending for the year. So, here are the numbers. On the bottom line, adjusted earnings were $4.25 per share. That is an increase of about 9% versus 2006 compared with our original growth in the 5% to 8% range that we targeted for the year. Meanwhile, inflation totaled about $350 million; that's more than double the top end of the range we anticipated at this time last year. And then marketing spending for the year increased by about $50 million. We achieved all these results because our K-C teams around the world continue to execute our global business plan very well. They are delivering on the promise of our targeted growth strategies, they are driving costs out of the system, they are taking our capabilities in innovation, marketing and customer development to a much higher level. So, looking back on the year, there's much that I am encouraged about. I would like to highlight several accomplishments that we achieved this year in particular. First of all, our sales increased by more than 9% and organic sales growth was about 6% and that's above our long-term target. Sales volume were up a solid 4%, which is great. I am particularly encouraged by the strength of our Personal Care business, which posted a 12% increase in sales and a 140-basis point increase in operating profit margin. So, weve got strong brands, we have great innovation this year, and that coupled with the double-digit growth weve achieved in developing and emerging markets is really fueling the performance of our Personal Care segment. In fact, for our D&E markets overall, sales were up 18% for the year with operating profit improving at an even faster rate. So, today, our operations in developing and emerging markets account for 29% of Kimberly-Clark consolidated sales. That's up from 21% in 2003, so really a significant move in the make up of the company, which is great. In our Consumer Tissue and K-C Professional and Other segments, our sales growth about 8%. Consumer Tissue brands benefited from increased marketing investment and K-C Professional brought a significant amount of innovation to market throughout the year. In Health Care, our sales declined as a result of our strategy to exit the latex exam glove business though we delivered solid growth in higher margin medical devices all year long. And as Mark mentioned, we're well positioned for improved top line performance in this business in 2008. We continue to do a great job on cost and our success in reducing cost stands out among the things that I would call as our significant accomplishments in 2007. Through our ongoing FORCE program and our strategic cost reduction plan, we saved a total of about $265 million in 2007 and that exceeds our original target for the year of savings in the $200 million to $250 million range. And with regard to the strategic cost reduction program specifically, we are now about 90% through the charges and we are in great shape on delivering our savings commitments. So, delivering cost savings is hard work, but it is vitally important work that makes us a leaner and stronger company. As an example, our saving efforts have contributed to another year of solid margin improvement in our European business further, and that built on the 130 basis point margin gain we posted in 2006. And when we take into consideration the fact that our cost savings also provide the ability to reinvest in innovation, brand building and customer development, the benefits of these cost saving programs really multiply and further enhance our competitive position. And with regard to capabilities, we are also making very good strides in this area. We've raised our marketing investment levels and we've taken more innovative approaches that connect better with consumers in highly relevant ways. And importantly, our increase in marketing spending is leading to higher top line growth. On the customer development front, I am very pleased with the recognition that we are receiving. We are making great progress against our vision of becoming an indispensable partner with our strategic customers, and I am looking forward to even more progress going forward. And as for innovation, I am very pleased by the contributions that new and improved products made to our top line growth in 2007. And then finally, I am proud of the shareholder friendly manner in which we continue to deploy our cash. We boosted our dividend by a healthy amount and continue to buyback K-C shares. In fact, the confidence in our global business plan led us to undertake a $2 billion accelerated share repurchase last year and that was funded by an according increase in our leverage, and this move I think better allies our capital structure with the strategies of our global business plan. So, overall, I'm pleased with our accomplishments in 2007. Still because of the impact inflation has had on our Consumer Tissue and K-C Professional margins, we are not satisfied with our current position in every area, and recently announced price increases are among the steps that we're taking to improve revenue realization in those businesses. So, that is sort of a wrap up of 2007, let me now turn to the outlook. The underlying strength of our business results throughout 2007 gives me confidence that we'll continue to execute our global business plan well in the coming year. We expect good top line growth in 2008 as we build in on our momentum in Personal Care and developing the emerging markets and continue to successfully drive our other targeted growth initiatives. We will also continue to aggressively reduce costs through our FORCE and strategic cost reduction efforts. At the same time, we will invest more to strengthen key capabilities in innovations, marketing and customer development, and these investments will help us continue to deliver sustainable growth into the future. And then finally, we'll remain focused on increasing cash flow and deploying it in shareholder friendly ways. We are planning for our high-single digit dividend increase that will be effective in April and that's subject to, of course, to approval by the Board. Plus we are targeting to repurchase about $800 million to a $1 billion worth of KMB stock during the year subject to market conditions. So, more details about our 2008 planning assumptions are included in our news release. So, all in all, we expect adjusted earnings in 2008 will be in the range of $4.45 to $4.60 per share and that's up 5% to 8% from the $4.25 per share we earned in 2007. This growth is in line with our long-term objective despite expected cost inflation in 2008 that we believe will total at least $400 million and we plan for another hefty increase in marketing spending. And I believe this range of guidance is prudent given the potential for variability in raw material input cost that we've seen. As for the first quarter, we expect adjusted earnings per share would be in a range of $1.05 to $1.08 per share, and this reflects recent increases in pulp, polymer, resin and oil based costs, as well as the timing of previously announced price increases for key consumer brands in the US., which are scheduled to be implemented in the mid-February. Our earnings momentum will accelerate later in the year as those price increases are realized and our top line growth and our 2008 cost savings initiatives gain further attraction. So to summarize, 2007 was the very good year with top and bottom line growth ahead of our original plan, and we expect continued solid growth in 2008. We've been doing what we said we would do and we intend to continue driving our targeted growth initiatives further strengthening our brands and continually improving our capabilities and cost effectiveness. And though cost inflation will likely remain a challenge for us in 2008, we're confident we can continue to overcome it. We believe we are investing in the right areas to build for the future and will remain focused on delivering sustainable growth in sales and earnings and deploying our cash in shareholder friendly ways. So, overall, we believe we have the right strategies in place to create value for our shareholders, and that's the bottom line objective of all of our efforts. With that, thank you for your interest today, and now we'll be happy to begin to take your questions. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Ali Dibadj from Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein: Hey, guys. How are you?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Ali. How are you?
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein: Good. Couple of questions. One is just wanted to get underneath mix a little bit. I'm looking at two things; one is it looked like across the board; mix was more or less positive except for Personal Care. And at the same time you paired that up with developing and emerging markets doing well for Personal Care but not as well for the other pieces of the business, want to understand the interaction there and how we should think about the margin mix effect of developing markets becomes bigger going forward.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I mean just kind of looking at the numbers, Ali, if you look at that mix in Personal Care, mix in Other was basically flat. If you kind of you break it down, I don't see any big impact in the developing and emerging markets on that. It's probably more of a rounding issue, and I think if you look at our US business, we had solid growth in Pull-Ups which is a positive mix for us. The launch of Sleep Boxers and Sleep Shorts was positive, and so I don't think you're seeing anything there that we're concerned about at this point.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein: And I guess on the other larger piece of business, say Consumer Tissue, where volumes were down, on the one hand you can argue that, look, that's okay for my margins, but on the flip side, want to get underneath, understanding kind of the fixed leverage issue that you may be losing if the volumes continues to go down?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. We were never happy when our volumes are down. So Id say, there is a couple of factors going on in Consumer Tissue. Facial tissue is a big driver of it and you had a real weak cold and flu season for us. If you looked at the symptomology reports that we track, they were down about 9% in the fourth quarter versus prior year, so that's a factor. I think the other factor is, with the desheeting that we did on Cottonelle which will give us revenue increase that also the way we track thousands of sheets sold for our volume calculations. So, that shows up as a volume negative and a price positive as you roll that through the market. So, those are probably the two biggest factors in the volume drag in Consumer Tissue in the quarter. We had good volume growth on Scott Tissue, good volume growth on Viva, and those are Viva in particular is mix enhancing for us which is the right thing. So I think the... I guess the good news for our consumers is they were generally healthier in the fourth quarter and there wasn't any big flu pandemics floating around and so far even into the new year, the cold and flu symptomology seems to be a little lower than usual.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein: And I want to ask you about that in particular, help us think about the amount of selling that you had planned for the cold and flu season, how long it will what inventory levels are right now at retailers and how long that will take to kind of bleed off, particularly given that there's going to be some price increases, and that mediate difficult time? Can you just help us think about that?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Well, I think what we saw, I don't think that there's a big inventory issue. We have very high velocity category, so retailers typically don't let inventory build. The fact that you saw are volumes down in facial tissue would say that basically our promotions didn't generate the lift that we thought and so the retailers translated that into the lower orders. So I'm not too concerned about it from a retail standpoint. Typically in the holiday season, you are not going to see retailers loading a lot of our categories anyway even with the pricing coming in February and most of the big manufacturers are pretty good at trying to manage the environment to try to prevent a lot of loading from occurring because it just messes up everybody's supply chain.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay, and one last question, if I could just squeeze it in is, thinking about the kind of FORCE and SCR savings for next year, $200 million to $250 million, how confident are you in getting those numbers and where are they kind of coming from? It sounds like 90% of the charge is already done, it sounds like these are all plans are in progress, is that a fair statement or are they new plans that you are thinking of going forward?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: No, Id say, as you break it into two buckets, the competitive improvement initiatives, there were still some facilities that were closed during the year in 2007, including one that was closed in December of 2007, and so we will have the full-year benefit of those in 2008. So, we feel very confident on those. I think the other thing that we went through in 2007 was a lot of our business process outsourcing activities and so really there was relatively little savings from all of that in '07 as we went through those changes, and so '08 will be when those savings begin to show up. And so we have got those budgeted and planned for and we feel very confident about the competitive improvement initiatives. On the FORCE cost savings, which are our day in and day out activities, once again, we had a very solid year. The momentum in the fourth quarter was good and our teams have got targets set and plans in place to deliver on their FORCE expectations in 2008 as well. I mean a lot of it is going to be productivity driven, it's going to be material substitution driven. In this high inflationary environment, it's tougher to get negotiated cost savings, but we have got lots of opportunities to continue to drive FORCE across the program.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Ali.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Lehman Brothers.
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Thank you. Good morning.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: First question was on the consumer trends in the US. I mean you gave a pretty clear explanation around Cottonelle in the US right now. One question on everybody's mind is what's the consumer doing, are we seeing any trade down or signs of less interest in trading up, and Consumer Tissue is probably one of the categories that people worry about first? Could you just comment on that and also if there's any kind of change through the quarter, sort of October versus December and then even first couple of weeks in January?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: I was just looking at this morning earlier, I was looking at private label shares across our categories for both the fourth quarter and the full year and the trends are pretty similar. If you look at private label shares in diapers, they are down about a point full year and fourth quarter. Quarter to quarter, they are down a little bit sequentially, third quarter to fourth quarter. If you look at training pants, you see pretty much the same phenomena. So, if you look really across all of those categories, about the only category where private label shares are up a little bit in all of that was in the fourth quarter is facial tissue, and they are still at a very low level there. So, we are not really seeing in the data yet any major changes in consumer behavior in our category. So, I think the general feeling at this point is the consumer for a little luxury is willing to reach into their pocket and pay a bit more for a better quality product and that's exciting to us because it shows up in the things where weve launched premium variants. Our tier-5 diaper volume is doing well in the US this year. We continue to do well with super premium baby wipes offering, and so I think we've got to continue to drive innovation and earn that consumers' trust and value into 2008.
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Okay, great. And then, in Europe, particularly in Personal Care certainly in the big five market, sort of a deceleration there. Can you talk a little bit about the competitive environment? Is it anything again consumer perspective or just the... who is running more effective promotion or not?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, it was just... I was on a conference call with our European team earlier this week and we were going through their fourth quarter and full year outlook and there is a bit of a retail price war in the UK. Some of the big retailers are seeing their same store's comp sales decline and so they are spending more in key categories, particularly diapers is a destination category. So, there was a lot promotion activity in the UK in the fourth quarter in particular, and so that drove pricing levels down. Some of that was funded by manufacturers; some of it may have been funded by retailers, it's difficult to tell, but it certainly showed up in our pricing in the quarter in Personal Care in Europe. And you had seen waves of that earlier in the year where there were some buy one, get one free activity in France on diapers. You saw some of that Italy as well, but the UK in the fourth quarter was probably where the biggest competitive activity happened. That seems to have moderated a little bit as the quarter came to a close, but that's something obviously we will be watching pretty closely in 2008.
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Right, great. Let me just one thing, just to follow up on my first question about private label, can you just comment on what you guys have seen or saw in prior recessions? Let's just make that daring assumption that were in one. What have the trends actually been during the sessions in terms of the private label in your volume growth?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: I think in most recent economic swings in the US, you don't consumers changing patterns that much. The part of our business that would tend to be more exposed to the economy is K-C Professional, but you go back to 9/11 where the economy kind of dipped hard after 9/11, you saw things slow down in K-C Professional, you didn't see that much of a swing in any of our consumer categories, so I am more bullish on the consumer. They look for value, they know how they are spending their money and I am more confident in the outlook than may be what you read in newspaper these days.
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Bill.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Hey, I am going to start with Mexico. I know K-C de Mexicos numbers havent come out yet, but it seems like the top line is real soft this quarter. They are sort of a carry on from the US going down there?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Mark and I were just down in Mexico on Tuesday and that looks... that's one of the annual Board meetings we go to down there, and yes, there was some tax law changes in the fourth quarter that a lot of the traditional trade really curtailed their buying at the end of December and so a lot of industries had kind of a weak December which affected their fourth quarter comparison, but they will be doing their earnings calls tomorrow, so you will be able to get more color from them on that front.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. And then in respect to Kleenex sort of issue or softness, is this going to be endemic, just because you tend to look at the amount of people getting flu shots, I mean is it sort of a one-off this year or should we look for the influence of cold and flu to come down as more and more people are proactive with this kind of thing?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I don't think we've seen a trend yet. You see some years where there is... where there is a stronger cold and flu season and some areas where there is not. So I think this is one that so far seems to be a little weaker than others, but it's not over yet either. So I'd say at this point we would continue to want to be there, to care for our consumers and whatever their needs are. And thank you for noticing that Kleenex was softer... so --
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: A couple of house-keeping things, gross margin assumptions for next year?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think for us the key to 2008 is going to be price realization, so as we bring these price increases through the first quarter to the bottom line, that's going to drive our gross margin performance. So, obviously, we are not to satisfied where the gross margin are in particular in the tissue businesses and so that will be a key focus for us for 2008.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So, if you look at your guidance, you are kind of talking 5% to 7% sales with currency and so that assumes there is not a whole lot of margin expansion and I imagine there is lot of savings coming to the SG&A line, and so it sounds like you are kind of guiding the GM sort of flat to down?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean actually we are expecting to continue to invest in strategic marketing in 2008. So you will see... you won't see as much leverage on the SG&A line as you might be expecting.
Michael D. Masseth - Vice President-Investor Relations: And Bill, this is Mike. We would expect our gross margin to be up based on our planning assumptions and that operating profit growth would be pretty similar to sales growth, maybe a little higher than sales growth with probably flat or up 10 basis points in operating margin.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Great. And then distribution costs are excluded from that $400 million of raw material inflation next year?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: The energy component or the diesel fuel component of distribution would be in that number. But, other distributions or higher warehousing or other things like that would not be in that number.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. And then, sorry, last one, I promise, I think Scott was a $2 billion brand last year. Did Scott grow this year?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, absolutely. Scott Tissue had a very solid year in North America, and as you look at the Scott brand around the world, we use it various configurations. And if you look at our KCP washroom business actually had a much stronger year than we would have expected going into the year which is a key part of the Scott brand as well.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon with Citibank.
Chip Dillon - Smith Barney: Yes. Good morning Tom, Mark and Mike.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Chip.
Chip Dillon - Smith Barney: I'm still quite blown away by the Personal Care segment and if you could just talk little bit about...
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: In a positive way, Chip?
Chip Dillon - Smith Barney: Oh, absolutely.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Oh, good.
Chip Dillon - Smith Barney: I mean, you, especially when you look at the volume growth in diapers in the US, I think this is a third straight quarter where Europe posted a double-digit range. And I know that we can't see the biggest retailer in some of the clubs stores in the Nelson numbers. But, could you just talk little bit about how sustainable that is? I mean obviously we have got we don't have a population growth anywhere near that level. And I just wonder, did you think it'll moderate a bit this year and do you think you can still maintain the share you have obviously gained?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Well, when we've picked up share in the fourth quarter by our estimation, it looked like it was up about a point or so, and we had a solid year in diapers with a lot of innovation driven behind it, and we look for that momentum to continue. Now obviously those growth rates are higher as you would correctly say than the birthrate. And as you are going into a price increase scenario, we are probably going to be a little bit more focused on realizing revenues than driving volume harder. But, again, we are not in the business to give up share. So, we look to at least hold on to our share and hopefully build it a bit during the year.
Chip Dillon - Smith Barney: And now, in terms of a range of strategic marketing increase, you said that would go up again. I know it was 50 in '07. Can you give us kind of a ballpark range of how much you would target for that to go up in '08?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. We are not going to give you probably as much specificity as you'd like but look for us to continue to invest a meaningful amount in growing our brands. Given the amount of inflation that we've got and the range around that, that's probably the other variable that we're watching.
Chip Dillon - Smith Barney: And then the last question is, as I look at the outlook, it just seems to me that on the revenue side, you are anticipating these current round of price increases, especially in tissue, to go through, but it also equally... it looks like you are assuming that you're not looking for any fall off in fiber cost. I don't think you are necessarily looking for any increases but you... it looks like you are keeping pulp sort of where it is at least, is that fair to say?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. As I look at it, I think pulp is being propped up really by the weak US dollar and I don't see that swinging back. So our currency and our cost commodity cost assumptions we think are pretty consistent with each other. And so when you look at where the dollar is today relative to the C dollar, even at current pulp prices, the Canadian and Scandinavian producers arent making a ton of money and capacity is tight. I think may be the wild card out there is if the economy does slow down a bit, does that cause commodity prices to pull back. You're seeing that a little bit in oil as we speak. So I think that may be the only other variable that we haven't really figured out how to model in this forecast.
Michael D. Masseth - Vice President-Investor Relations: Year on year, the... of our 400 plus million of inflation expectation, about half of that's going to be fiber, not just virgin, but recycled 
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: [inaudible] holding where we are at, just that year-over-year impact is a couple hundred million bucks.
Chip Dillon - Smith Barney: Yes. We though it would going down by now, but obviously we have... we are both not... haven't seen that yet.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: We did too, but it hasn't happened, so 
Chip Dillon - Smith Barney: Yes. Last quick question is when you look at the UK, which I think people view as being maybe the weakest link in Europe right now. My question is, any evidence that they tend to be less private label oriented in the continent, are people shifting to that area? And then secondly, you mentioned how the fourth quarter was pretty brutal in the retail channels I mean among the retailers. Do you see positive comparisons before the fourth quarter in the UK or is it going to take till then before you have a real chance if you where just looking at that country alone?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I mean, I think the your point on the UK economy is one that I think everybody is sort of wondering about. Their housing market is probably a bit more overheated than even the US one has, but we still see... we don't see a big enough economic change there to shift purchasing patterns. So we are continuing to expect to have a solid year in Huggies, a solid year on Andrex. We had a good year actually in the UK on facial tissue in 2007. They had a stronger cold and flu season. So they had a nice fourth quarter increase in facial tissues. So I think the retail environment will probably continue to be volatile, and were going to be making sure we're prepared to compete in that environment. But for us, it is one of our strongest markets in Europe and we plan to continue to build and grow on that environment.
Chip Dillon - Smith Barney: Got you. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Gear with Wachovia Capital Markets.
Jason Gere - Wachovia Capital Markets: Good morning, guys. I just want to talk maybe a little bit more about Europe and certainly in North America, weve heard about the price increases that have been coming through and it sounds like maybe there could be more as the year progresses, but Europe obviously has been absent with price increases, its also been a bit more promotional there too. Can you just talk a little bit about the ability at some point during the year to take pricing leave Ill leave it at that?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I would guess first of all, a lot of the pricing in the US is driven by commodity cost increases which in large part are driven by the weaker dollar. With the relatively strong euro and sterling during the year, European producers who are buying dollar based commodities did not see anywhere near the level of inflation in their local currency. And so need for price in some of those markets has not been as significant as you would have seen in the US market. And having said that, the fibers run up, I think there will be some fiber price increases taken in in '08. I know we're leading some on K-C Professional and we will like to be taking some tissue prices in several markets during the year in 2008. But, at this point, I would probably wouldn't see a lot of price changes, list price changes at least on the Personnel Care side. You might see more of a bit of pullback in promotional levels would be the most likely response there.
Jason Gere - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay and then... and secondly I think in your release you talked about the net for your outlook for '08, the net selling pricing would be 1% or 2%. Can you talk a little bit about... obviously that's net of promotional spending, can you talk about what you are anticipating with... in 2008 especially in North America and kind of going back to seeing a softer economy going into recession and taking pricing at the same time down that slippery slope and I was wondering how you are... I know obviously you are stepping up on the advertising side, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the promotional levels as well?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Again, a lot of the purpose of promotion is to get your innovation tried by your consumers. So, we are trying to make sure we're competitive with the promotional environment but we are also targeting it to support a lot of our innovations to help drive mix in appropriate ways and then to help line up with our customers and help them accomplish their objectives for the categories. And so, that's really the focal point for what we are trying to do with a lot of our promotional activity is to accomplish strategic objectives for each of our brands. So, from an economy standpoint, I don't see a huge shift or reaction to that just based on a slow down in the economy. I think we will continue to execute the plan, we'll continue to drive innovation. And again I am more bullish; I don't see a huge pullback here. If there is anything, I think you are going to see a fairly short correction, so --
Jason Gere - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. And then two small housekeeping questions; one, can you talk a little bit about the timing of the cost savings, the 200 to 250, I think, it was. In '07 it was more I think a little bit heavier in the second quarter. Is there any type of guidance you can give there? And then also in terms of the cost inflation expectations between the fiber cost, the polymer, and then in the energy, can you talk about maybe relative to 2007, how you see that $400 million kind of broken down? Thank you.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, the cost saves, I don't see... I think you will see each quarterly swings, it should be more consistent. Obviously on the FORCE side, you tend to build a bit during the year, but other than that I think you will see a fairly consistent pattern. And then what was the second question?
Jason Gere - Wachovia Capital Markets: Just on the cost inflation.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Cost inflation. Just in the first quarter, you are going to see a pretty good hit from pulp. Pulp alone in the first quarter is probably going to be 50 million bucks. So, I am guessing... we are assuming things are roughly staying at the level that they are at. Pulp at this level, oil in the low 90s, you are going to see that at least front-end loaded and maybe moderating a bit in the back half.
Jason Gere - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Our next question from Chris Ferrara with Merrill Lynch.
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Hi guys. Why don't you just talk...
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Chris.
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: How are you? Can you talk about cap spending? I guess the '08 outlook calls for what, basing your sales growth estimate 4.4 to 4.9% of sales, why is that lower and I guess why wouldn't that be the normal rate as opposed to heavier restructuring in '07 that ran more in line with what your long-term guidance has been?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. As you look at our plan for the year, we set the target last June, where Mark and I looked at where we are coming out, what we expect the sales to be, saw the targets that was really at the low end of sales growth rate. Currency has kind of picked up in the back half of the year and so as a result our sales are higher in part because of currency. A lot of our capital spending is US dollar based equipment that you're buying to put in various markets around the world. So we're not inflating capital spending at that same rate, and I think the other point would be, if you look at the last couple of years we had a big tissue machine expansion in the US. We don't have that in 08, and so it's going to pull back a little bit below our long-term averages as a result of that. I don't know, Mark, if youve got any other color you want to add to that.
Mark A. Buthman - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think that's right. You noticed we are at the kind of the high end of our range this year and part of that was driven by some capacity we needed as we have exceeded our sales volumes. And so I think we're getting back to a little more normal spending pattern and you don't have that one big tissue machine investment to bump up the number.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: We continue to have a good productivity year. Our diaper assets ran well around the world. We saw good tissue productivity. Despite all the restructuring and facilities activity, we had a solid year, and that's where we expect that to continue in 2008.
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: And I guess that there's going to be a currency impact in '08 too. But I mean, are you still comfortable with that 5 to 6, call it a 5.5 mid point is what we should look for '09 and '10 like that?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I think, that those are the long range assumptions. The thing that'll spike a little bit is when you have a tissue expansion at major markets that could pop it up a bit in a particular year. So again, we are using that to focus on hitting our return on invested capital goals and so to do that we got to spend, roughly around the rate of depreciation.
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Got it. And then on working cap, do you think and will there be working capital improvement, particularly inventories, next year? I know you have spent a lot of time talking about it, but I'm wondering if you can update us a little bit on that.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. We are.. that is one area that really I'm not happy about this year and neither is Mark. Mark's performance review is tomorrow, so that's one of the things we'll likely be talking about.
Mark A. Buthman - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks for bring it up.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: And I'm going from this call and do a call with our top 1000 leaders to talk about our 2008 objectives and working capital, particularly inventory is going to play a key role in that. So, we've got more inventory than I'm comfortable with. We made a little bit of progress in the fourth quarter, but not where we need to be. So that's obviously one that we didn't deliver on relative to our expectations this year.
Mark A. Buthman - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. I think Chris the other thing that we are going to try to do to drive a little more deep into this is incorporating in our finance and line managers objectives all the way down through the organization, and we're going to kind of expand the scope of FORCE a little bit to try to leverage our FORCE network around the world to more rapidly share best practices across the organization. And I think the other systemic thing is as we come, we're almost 90% through the competitive improvement initiatives investment phase if you will, a lot of which had to do with impacts on our production facilities, and there was an impact to our inventory level. So I think the combination of those things, I would expect us to make a good bit of progress in '08.
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: So, just to be it sounds like, I mean, obviously the interruption of it the supply chain improvements you guys have been making and your effort to improve service levels are only part of the inventory expansion we've seen, right? I mean the rest, I guess you have some systemic issues that you're trying to get through with that, is it a fair characterization?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I guess Id say the systemic issue has been our volume has consistently exceeded our expectations and so the team's trying to protect to the high side inventory levels, so that we can provide customer service. And so that's, as we better at forecasting, we'll be able to carry less safety stock and manage the inventory better.
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Got it. And then not to [inaudible] but one last, when you guys say commodity cost is going to be at least $400 million, does that mean that something greater than 400 is actually baked into your planning assumptions?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I mean... I think the number is probably slightly higher than that, but it's in that ballpark.
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Warburg: Good morning. Just going back to Consumer Tissue, when you talked about price only being part of the solution for their low-margin, are there any specific other actions that you can point to other than kind of the promotional spending or -- ?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: No. I think as our Consumer Tissue team is looking at their P&L, they are not happy with the way the margins are structured. So, it's going to be driving mix, it is going to be make sure we are investing the marketing resources behind the right initiatives that are going to give us the right revenue for the productive capacity that we have got. So, as we drive things like improving our facial tissue volume, driving Cottonelle, or driving Viva in the North American market, those are all mix enhancing opportunities for us. And as you look at the rest of the world, there it's been primarily a price realization gain, but they have also got an opportunity there to drive better mix. So, there is a number of initiatives that are underway to really help improve that. But, it's likely going to be in the revenue area somewhere, whether its price, mix, reduced trade spend, all of those factors will be things that we will be focusing on. We will continue to drive FORCE, we've got all of our competitive improvement initiative plans underway, but this isnt one where we are probably going to cost save our way to prosperity. We are going to have to do it by better marketing, better innovation and driving the top line in that business.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Warburg: Okay. And looking at Europe your prices [inaudible] a little bit in the quarter which is I think an improvement over the last few quarters. Anything specific there and also just in terms of European tissue, any change of behavior with the SCA P&G acquisition, are you seeing any changes in the market?
Mark A. Buthman - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, I think in Europe, I think we had a price increase in Italy late in the year. That probably is what showed up in the fourth quarter numbers, but nothing significant other than that. And then in terms of Procter SCA activities, it's too early to tell, really. I think that thing just came together in the fourth quarter and so I wouldn't say we've seen really any fundamental changes in behavior by anybody in Europe lately.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Warburg: Okay. And looking at the volume growth, particularly in Personal Care and [inaudible] new products, I'm just wondering if there is anything you can flag for the new product pipeline moving into 2008?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Well get good momentum coming out of 2007 was the tier 5 diaper initiative, sleep boxes and sleep shorts, and we will expect to see continued innovation across our personal core category in 2008.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Warburg: Okay. And sorry to belabor the point, but just going back to pulp, your forecast say 885 for NBSK is actually a little bit higher than current prices. Is it safe to assume that you are assuming a little bit of further price increases in the near term but then maybe later in the year?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, that's a fair sequencing of how we think it will probably play out.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Warburg: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amy Chasen with Goldman Sachs.
Amy Low Chasen - Goldman Sachs: Hi, good morning.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Amy.
Amy Low Chasen - Goldman Sachs: How are you?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Pretty good. How are you?
Amy Low Chasen - Goldman Sachs: Good, thanks. Just on pricing, you have these price increases that are coming on February 1st, I just want to know if you are hearing anything different from the retailers as usual about implementing those price increases than what you've heard over the last couple of years, number one? And then I have a feeling in light of the consumer being weaker, are you expecting that these price increases will have any more of a volume impact [inaudible] the last couple of years.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Well, if you look at the pricing on bathroom tissue and diapers, which are really kind of the big categories, we didn't take any price yet on facial tissue whichs typically been the most sensitive category from a volume standpoint. So we won't have that volume risk on facial at this point in time. And from our bath issue standpoint, it looks like all of the players have basically lined up some of the retail price changes are already starting to happen in the market place, even ahead of the date which is good. It looks like some of the promotional prices that are being scheduled for the first quarter are starting to move up based at least on our businesses, so, so far so good on the tissue side. On the personal care side, again, the two major players in diapers have moved up. Those will happen on February 1. Gloves is not going up and private label is probably going to be a mixed bag. I think no one really knows yet what's going to happen on private label. We'll have wait and see what happens in the retail marketplace. Obviously, with the Canadian first quality deal, youve got some new ownership there and we'll just have to wait and see what happens on that front.
Amy Low Chasen - Goldman Sachs: And I guess from a consumer standpoint, are you sensing that she's going to start to [inaudible] in light of what is going on?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. These price increases arent of a size that are going to cause you to change a lot of behavior. Taking 5% to 6% price increases and so and then, if you look at it, that kind of pricing has happened across lots of categories in the last year. These are really a couple of categories that have had much price and youve seen this kind of pricing in toothpaste and shampoo and deodorants and other categories and you haven't seen much shift in consumer purchasing behavior. They buy basically the same products that meet the needs of their family and we would expect to see that continue in these categories.
Amy Low Chasen - Goldman Sachs: Okay. I guess the basis of my question was just this year may be different than last year in terms of the health of the consumer and the amount of money that they have to spend?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I mean again maybe more bullish in that as you look at overall employment levels and household formation and some of the fundamental economics, youre still think those as relatively strong. Again, you may have a pullback led by housing and some of the issues in the financial sector, but I think if you look at the underlying strength of the economy, I'm more bullish than what seems to be written in newspaper these days.
Amy Low Chasen - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And last but not least, given the $400 million commodity number, do you anticipate having to take more pricing above and beyond the February 1st price increases?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: At this point in time there are... as you look around the world there will be other price increases among others of our businesses. But for the big US businesses that you are talking about, that's the primary price increase that we've got in our plan for the year. So obviously we'll have to wait and see what happens in the marketplace.
Amy Low Chasen - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Great thank you.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Faucher with JP Morgan.
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan: Yes, good morning. I just have one quick question given everyone has asked a lot of questions already. D&A for next year, for 2008, can you walk us through what your assumptions are there? Obviously, a big drop off this year and how much, is there any benefit to the operating margin from lower D&A, as we look at it in 2008? Thanks.
Mark A. Buthman - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think, John, the ongoing depreciation rate should be pretty similar. It's been running around $180 million, $190 million a quarter, and that will continue. There is extra depreciation in the numbers this year above what will have next year related to our restructuring costs.
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan: Okay, so that's an accelerated depreciation related to the restructuring?
Mark A. Buthman - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan: Okay, and that will lower the ongoing depreciation by how much as we look forward, do you know that?
Mark A. Buthman - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I don't have the number right off the top of my head; I will talk to you later about that.
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan: Okay, sounds good. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital Markets.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: Good morning. I guess I would like to tie together some of the questions that have been asked on the macro level. If there is an economic slowdown that results in demand destruction, even if very modest, and dollar weakness not withstanding, raw material cost start to decline, what do you imagine or plan for the results to be at the retail level? Do you think that the competitors will keep all their list prices the same and just promote a little bit more to stimulate demand or would you think that from past experience retailers would want some of the prices to be rolled back to capture some of the margin that might come from lower seller cost?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Connie, I am going to go even more macro for you. I would say in any kind of an economy, consumer still need to use some tissue and diapers everyday, and so I don't see fundamental shifts in the demand level for our products. Now will they decide if the economy gets really bad, will they start to shift to other categories? And I would say if you look at, if you look at really big economic shocks that have happened around the world, if you go back and look at the Asian currency crisis and what happened in markets like Korea and Thailand, or you look at Argentina when you had 3 for 1 devolution and you really destroy the purchasing power of the middle class, then you would see big shifts in category consumption; category that were much more discretionary would suddenly disappear. But in the kind of swing that I think is possible or likely in the US economy I don't see any major changes in consumer purchasing patterns. And so, you look at how much the low income consumers gotten squeezed with higher gasoline costs in the last year and you really haven't seen in our categories any kind of a shift in private label share or in fact youve actually seen the super premium segments of the categories growing. So could you see a little bit slower growth in super premium categories? May be, but it's up to us to continue to drive innovation and make those super premium categories really worth the value that they are delivering to the consumer.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: That's helpful. Are you a subscriber to the notion that with new capacity likely to add 30% to the worldwide supply of resins, that resin costs will moderate?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think in the end, the question is going to come down to what actually happens to refining margins. When oil was up in the low 90s, and some polymers hadn't move the refining margin was really getting squeezed. And so either oil had to come down or some of those polymer rates went up and we saw some of that in the fourth quarter and was one of the reasons why our inflation number was a little higher than we expected heading into the quarter. So that's sort of what we are watching. Obviously, the capacity balance in monomers and some of the polymers will have an impact in the short-term but over the long-term, eventually it's going to line up with oil price to some extent.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, and than just one housekeeping question, what were your year-end shares outstanding, not the average, but the year-end?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: I think Mike or Paul will have that for you. We are around 420 million, I think.
Michael D. Masseth - Vice President-Investor Relations: 420.9.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Very good.
Michael D. Masseth - Vice President-Investor Relations: It should be in the news release also.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Hott with Bear Stearns.
Justin Hott - Bear Stearns: Thanks. Tom first question, couple of quick ones. You took a lot of care in putting in your marketing organization and getting in a CMO. Do you think you are at the point now where if cost came down, you would be able to handle a lot more programs that you ramped up or it'll take more time?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: I would say, we are still building out Tonys organization, so he is continuing to fill roles. But, we also have... I mean most of the actual marketing work gets done in our business units and Tony and his team are really helping share ideas back and forth, helping drive best practices, helping build capability and really help leverage the talent that we have throughout the organization to take it to another level. And so, I think for us it's more about how do we increase the efficiency and the effectiveness of our marketing and we're seeing that as ideas get shared around the world, we've got a consistent view of our brands around the world, and we're beginning measured and develop metrics that we can find out what works and why and share those practices with a lot more confidence. So, once again, it's how you make the investments that were making more effective. And we are probably a little bit behind on our long range goal of increasing marketing spend by 100 basis points and we may not get to that ultimate level of spend, but we are actually on track to spend the dollar amounts that we thought we would spend. And I think the marketing organization that weve got in place will help us get more value from that. Quite honestly, our top line growth has been exceeding our expectations even with the modest increase in marketing that we had, and I think part of that has been because we've got more efficiency from our marketing spend than we thought.
Justin Hott - Bear Stearns: Okay. That's the other... you just sort of segued into my other question there, Tom. Not suggesting you take up your top line targets, but if you're gaining 6% now and your organization is just starting on the marketing initiatives and Personnel Care is going great, it seems you are gaining some share there. What really... when we think about 3% to 5% rate what really can get worse here than what you're seeing right now? It looks like things are actually improving. What should we be worried about that would take those numbers down lower?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: As we look at setting that 3% to 5% rate, it was done thoughtfully, looking at what the categories were doing and recognizing that we have tough competitors that do a great job as well, that are very good marketers around the world. And that for us, to assume that we are going to take share in every category, every market, every year to get to above that range of category growth is probably unrealistic. So, I still think that 3 to 5 is a realistic long-term target. If we see sustained performance above that, obviously, we will revisit that over time.
Justin Hott - Bear Stearns: And just one more thing, to be fair to Mark, his performance, would you share with investors about probably the best job, the best job that we've seen on the cost side or what should we be looking at saying, well, this is going well?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: I think Mark's team is really heavily involved in the FORCE initiative and supporting that, and they had a great year this year. So, FORCE cost savings were solid. We continued... we thought actually with all the competitive improvement initiatives and a lot of our team supporting that in 2007 that we wouldn't see as much FORCE activity when we actually exceeded our expectations there. I think the other thing that happened behind the scenes is all of the business process outsourcing work was primarily in a lot of Mark's organization and that happened at a very high level without any significant business disruption and now we are poised to start to get some of the benefits from that in 2008.
Mark A. Buthman - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think the key 
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: [inaudible].
Mark A. Buthman - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, thanks, Justin and for the whole world to hear. The key is that it really is an integrated effort with the business teams. I mean they are doing all the work and the heavy lifting. So, our organization is just a catalyst to help, holds up together. But I think given the inflationary pressures, we've got the businesses that really done a terrific job, managing costs, and that's the way it ought to work, and it's the way... will translate debt-to-working capital next year.
Justin Hott - Bear Stearns: Hey, Mark, is it's fair, do you still have hundreds, thousands of cost reduction initiatives in the pipeline with that or am I exaggerating?
Mark A. Buthman - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think there is probably 10,000 FORCE programs active today, something like that.
Justin Hott - Bear Stearns: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Good.
Operator: Our next question comes from Filippe Goossens with Credit Suisse,
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: Yes. Good morning. I was a little late dialing in because I was on another earnings call, but I hope that my questions will not be repetitive. Tom, Lauren asked about the state of the US consumer. If I can just bring a little more global the question, what I've been talking a lot with investors about over the last few weeks is the [inaudible] are we going to say global decoupling or de-merging markets which should really have been a great engine for the world economy as well as for yourselves. Are they going to start slowing down as well, can you perhaps say... give your point of view in terms of whether you see the emerging markets and particularly the BRICETs for you to continue to significantly outperform the overall company average?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I guess I will say our developing and emerging markets was consistent all year long and if anything seemed to be accelerating at the end of the year. And my own personal view of the global economy is that... the global economy is a much more diversified stronger network than it ever has been. And so, it's not just relying on the US economy to provide growth for all of the emerging economy. So, I mean the consumer market in India, the consumer market in China, the consumer market in Brazil are helping and growing in their own right as those consumers want improved products and are willing to spend more of their income to deliver those kinds of improved products. So, I think actually having a slowdown in the US if that occurs will have less of an impact then it would have had historically because of the strength and growth in those other markets. So, again... as we look at developing the emerging markets, we still see tons of opportunity and we are more excited than ever about markets like Russia, India and China. Thats not to say that there cant be bumps in the road, there always will be, but [inaudible] a market like Latin America in total where weve been for years, you could look at all of that... the half empty part of the glass down there and talk about political issues or other things and yet we had this terrific year really across-the-board and in Central and South America and delivered huge growth despite other things that are happening politically down there.
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: Okay. Then moving on, Tom, to commodity prices. Obviously, there is kind of two parts to the equation in terms of bringing prices down on one side, obviously, supply we've spoken about that already on the call, the other one is demand and then connecting that with my first question, let's say that they were to be a material slowdown in the global economy, therefore commodity prices supposedly are going to come down. That margin benefit that you would generate to commodity price is coming down, would you not loose that benefit by actually your top line growth engine in emerging market slowing down or net-net you still think it will be closer to your margin, going forward?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: I think that we are focused on growing the bottom line faster than the top line in emerging markets, while we are increasing our strategic marketing spending in those markets and that's been a formula thats worked for us. So I think that, if there is a slowdown a bit in the economies you could well see a pullback in commodity price. I think with ... then youll wind up with is maybe a little bit less price utilization overall than we are planning. But on the other hand, we think, if you look at the last three years, we started out the year with an inflation assumption that wound up being nowhere near where it actually turned out. We think we've got a conservative set of assumptions here, but as we've also seen how volatile markets can be, oil can move from $70 to $90 a barrel and what seems like a heartbeat. So we have to watch and see how this plays out.
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then a question going back to your Analyst Day last year in New York. Is it still pretty much your anticipation that for the near term we should not expect any type of strategic transaction that would transform the portfolio towards let's say higher margin type businesses?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. In terms of a transforming M&A, that's not a part of our global business plan. Would we look at M&A in areas that are of strategic interest to us, as tuck-ins and some thing in Health Care that would help us broaden that portfolio or something, in a part of K-C Professional, there are certainly things that we would take a look at there, but nothing that I would consider to be a transforming acquisition.
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: And then kind of connection with Mexico there was a question as earlier as well. And now, I if I recall correctly, you have brought in some of the shares that you did not already own in one of your subsidiaries in Brazil. Is there any reason to believe for us that K-C Mexico would not be another type of opportunity where you would say we will be able bring that in house or you pretty much happy with the current setup?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: I'm very happy with the current structure and that's a little different in that in Brazil we had a partner that wanted to sell their stake, K-C de Mexico is a public company, where 52% of the shares are held by public investors and we are own the balance. And so we've got a great company there with a perfect franchise and great market share in that market and we've been -- it's been a great partnership and a great investment for us.
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then two more questions, if I may. On the marketing spend, the increase last year and what your bet your things for '08, can you give us a rough feel for what percentage is in the US versus the emerging marketplace please?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. We may have to follow up and give you the details on that, and unless youve got those handy, Mike?
Michael D. Masseth - Vice President-Investor Relations: What I would say is that the marketing spending in developing and emerging markets continue to grow at a faster rate than sales across those markets.
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then with my final question, perhaps for Tom again. We've talked a bit about pricing initiatives from this call as well as in the last call. Any initial REIT in terms of  or additional REIT in terms of how not consumers might be reacting to this, but retailers? If I recall correctly on the last earnings call for Albertsons, I think I was actually the first CEO who did mention that he had seen some trading down so, just kind of additional comments would be very helpful.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I mean again we haven't seen that yet but these prices haven't gone into effect yet at this stage. And again on the amounts we are talking about, don't think you are going to see a huge sticker shot from a consumer standpoint. So our expectation is that this is going to be pretty consistent with what consumers are seeing across a lot of categories and with the weaker US dollar, youll just see more risk of more inflation particularly in the first half of '08.
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you very much gentlemen.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Lehman Brothers.
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Thanks. Sorry, I just have a very quick follow-up on, Tom, you made comments about potentially there being some pricing in Consumer Tissue later this year in Europe. [inaudible] built into planning assumptions now or not?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it depends. In Europe you take price at different times. In some markets, you tend to take it earlier and some markets you tend to take late in the year. Like in '07 we wound up with a price increase in Italy that happened late in the year. So if you are going to take price in that market, it will probably happen later in the year. So, we'll just have to... some of it depends on one year agreements with customers open up and one year able to go in and take price.
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Okay. But for our modeling assumptions, is it safe to really just think about, I guess maybe they want to be more conservative, just think about what we know in terms of K-C Professional, what we know of in terms of the US pricing [inaudible] if you end up able to do it?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think that's fair. We gave you kind of overall price assumptions for the year, which include what we know and expect to realize which I think are reasonable.
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Ferrara with Merrill Lynch.
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Hey, sorry. Also another quick follow-up. Tom you mentioned the ad spend pace that you guys are progressing toward. Are you on track to do in dollar amounts the ad spend increase you wanted? And I just wanted to go back and reconcile that, I think in '05 you guys said that you're going to increase ad spending by $200 million. Is that right and is that off of the '04 base of $421 million?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. We are basically talking about a 100 basis point increase as a percent of sales in strategic A&P, which I think would have... when you ultimately get to the sales level that we would have got into by 2010, that would have translated into a couple of $100 million. And I think what we are finding is our sales are actually ahead of expectations in part due to currency but in part due to stronger volume growth and better mix than we would have expected of the Global Business Plan. And so we are actually on track. We are probably be a little bit behind for 2007, but as we look at where we are going in 08 and beyond, were on track to getting cost to that same dollar amount of spending, but we won't get to the 100 basis point increase, I don't think that at our current trajectory. On the other hand, we are getting better top line volume than we expected with the market spend level that we have got so I feel good about the investment levels weve been able to put into the marketing despite the cost increases weve had.
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: So, when you refer to that dollar number that is.. I agree with you, I already know it only translates to about $200 million. So, off of the '04 base, I mean that implies that you are on pace to get near or you are still planning getting near $620 million plus by '09, is that fair?
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, that's fair.
Michael D. Masseth - Vice President-Investor Relations: Actually, it is even more than that because your sales go up too. So, the $200 million is an incremental number and so youve got that spending plus the spending that goes long with the rise in sales.
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: In other words, assuming you add margin flat, that 200 you are talking about with an incremental on top of the margin, on top of estimated flat margin.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Correct.
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions.
Michael D. Masseth - Vice President-Investor Relations: Okay, David. I think we'll wrap it up and I'll just hand it back to Tom for a couple of closing comments.
Thomas J. Falk - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thanks, Mike. Well once again, we had a solid year in 2007. We delivered on all of our commitments again under our Global Business Plan and we are poised to continue to deliver in 2008. So, thank you again for your support.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Masseth - VP, IR Mark Buthman - SVP & CFO Tom Falk - Chairman & CEO Randy Vest - Vice President & Controller,
Analysts: Ali Dibadj - SanfordBernstein Linda BoltonWeiser - Oppenheimer & Co Gail Glazerman - UBS Chip Dillon - Citigroup Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers John Faucher - JP Morgan Justin Hott - Bear Stearns Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets Jason Gere - Wachovia Capital Markets Mariann Montagne - Thrivent Asset Management 
Operator: We now have Mr. Mike Masseth in conference. Please be awarethat each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of Mr.Masseth's presentation, we will open the floor for questions. At that time instructions will be given as to the procedureto follow, if you would like to ask a question. I would now like to turn theconference over to Mr. Mike Masseth. Mr. Masseth you may begin, sir.
Mike Masseth:  Thank you very much. And good morning everyone, weappreciate your interest in Kimberly-Clark. With us today are Tom Falk,Chairman and CEO; Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO; and Randy Vest, VicePresident and Controller. Here's the agenda for today's call. Mark will start with areview of our third quarter results, and then Tom will provide his perspectiveon our results and discuss our outlook for the fourth quarter. That will leave us plenty of time to finish, as usual withQ&A. Now, for those who are wishing to follow along, we have a presentationof today's materials in the Investor Section of our website, which iswww.kimberlyclark.com. First, let me remind you that we will be makingforward-looking statements during the call today. There can be no assurancethat future events will occur as anticipated, or that the company's resultswill be as estimated. Please refer to the risk factor section of our latestannual report on Form 10-K for a description of factors that could cause ourfuture results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-lookingstatements. We'll also be referring to certain non-GAAP financialmeasures, including adjusted earnings per share, adjusted operating profit, andadjusted operating margin. Management believes that reporting in this mannerenables investors to better understand and analyze our ongoing results at operations. For additional information on why we make these adjustmentsand reconciliations to comparable financial measures, determined in accordancewith GAAP, see today's news release as well as additional information on ourwebsite. Now I will turn it over to Mark.
Mark Buthman: Thanks Mike. Good morning, everyone. I hope you had a chanceto review our news release this morning with all the details of our results.I'm going to briefly review the quarter starting with a few headlines. First we achieved outstanding top line growth, with sales upnearly 10%. That includes 7% organic growth, well above our sales objective,with good progress from a number of targeted growth initiatives. Second, we delivered solid bottom line results, slightlyahead of our previous guidance. Adjusted earnings per share for the quarterwere at $1.07 a share, up 8% from last year and above our guidance for earningsin a range of $1.04 to $1.06. Third we continued to deploy cash in shareholder friendlyways, as share repurchases and dividends totaled nearly $2.5 billion in thequarter. Now I would like to review some of the details of ourresults, starting with the top line for each of our segments. In Personal Care, sales jumped 12%, driven by strong volumegrowth of 8% and currency benefits of 3%. In North Americawe delivered broad based volume growth of 7%, as our brands continued tobenefit from innovation. Take Huggies, diaper volumes rose 9%, and baby wipesincreased 10% fueled by premium tier innovations. In child care, volumes rose6%, as we launched new GoodNites Sleep Boxers and Sleep Shorts in the laterpart of the quarter. And in adult care, volumes advanced 5%, behindimprovements to both Poise and Depend. Now moving to Europe, thirdquarter sales volumes for Personal Care rose 1%, with gains in Huggies diapersand baby wipes. In the developing and emerging markets, Personal Care salesclimbed 21%. That's the 12th consecutive quarter of double-digit growth, as ourteams continued to deliver terrific results. Highlights, included double-digitvolume growth in the fast growing BRICIT countries and in Latin America overall,along with a great performance in South Korea. Now turning to Consumer Tissue, sales were up 10% includingthree points of benefit from currency. Segment volumes increased 4%, while netprice at selling prices were 3% higher. In North America volumesincreased 7%, supported by a solid increase in advertising. Kleenex facialtissue volumes continue to rise with a double-digit gain in the third quarter,behind a strong back-to-school season. In other parts of the business, bathroomtissue and paper towel volumes were each up mid to high single-digits, spurredby strong growth in Scott bath tissue and Viva towels. Now switching to Europe,sales volumes gained 2%. Higher branded volumes led by Andrex bathroom tissueand Kleenex facial tissue, more than offset the impact off- shedding some lowmargin businesses as part of our strategic cost reduction plan. Moving to K-C Professional and Other; sales increased 9%including 3 points from currency. Volumes advanced 4%, while higher net sellingprices and improved mix together, added 2 points to the top line growth. We are continuing to make steady progress with our targetedgrowth initiatives in KCP. In the third quarter, global wiper sales increasedto about 10%. At the same time KCP's business-building efforts helped drive a 19%increase in sales across the developing and emerging markets. We also had a very good quarter in our washroom business,with solid organic growth in both North America and Europe. Lastly Health Care segment sales declined 5%. The declinewas due to lower volumes of 9%, partially offset by a 3 point gain from productmix and 1 point of favorable currency. As was the case in the first half of the year, comparisonswere impacted by our decision in the third quarter last year, to exit the latexexam glove business. Growth in higher margin nitrile gloves has not acceleratedas fast as we had anticipated, and didnt overcome the impact of the fall-off inlatex glove sales. Third quarter comparisons, as we expected, were alsoaffected by strong growth last year in face masks, which benefited from avianflu preparedness that didn't recur this year. These two factors more thanoffset high single-digit growth in medical device sales. Now moving to operating profit and cost savings, and forthis discussion, I'll refer to adjusted operating profit and margin, whichexcludes certain charges and gains detailed in this morning's news release. Third quarter operating profit was $691 million, with anoperating margin of 15%. Operating profit was up 6%, right inline with ourfull-year growth objective of 5% to 7%. That improvement came despite observingcost inflation of about $70 million, including about $50 million from higherfiber costs. Despite the inflation, we are continuing to execute our planto increase investments in strategic marketing. In the third quarter, spendingwas up about $10 million compared to the year-ago period. Spending alsoincreased sequentially from the second quarter, as planned. Third quarterincreases supported growth in businesses across D&E, in North AtlanticPersonal Care and Kleenex facial tissue. Now turning to cost savings, we delivered total savings of$67 million in the third quarter. Thatbrings year-to-date savings to about $205 million, as we are tracking towardthe high end of our full-year savings objectives of $200 million to $250million. Our ongoing FORCE program generated savings of $40 million in thethird quarter, despite higher spending levels at some of our facilities. At thesame time we realized $27 million of year-on-year savings from our strategiccost-reduction plan. Our continued success with the strategic cost-productionplan is helping drive solid margin improvement in Europe.We increased margins 130 basis points last year and were on track for a similargain in 2007. Speaking of margins, let's look briefly at third quartersegment operating margins. Personal Care continues to perform at a very highlevel, with strong improvement versus a year ago. K-C Professional and Other marginswere down, due to fiber cost increases, but I was really pleased to see asequential pickup in profitability compared to the second quarter. Health Caremargins were down due to lower sales; higher costs in business buildinginvestments and selling; and research and development activities. Finally in Consumer Tissue, although we are realizing benefitsfrom good top line growth-to-cost savings, margins continue to be impacted bypulp cost inflation. Now, I'll switch to taxes, there are plenty of details in thenews release and in our presentation on the website, so I won't repeat them butwill hit the highlights. Although the adjusted tax rate was slightly below ourguidance for the quarter, the high price of oil caused us to realize fewerbenefits from our synthetic fuels initiative than we had expected. So thebottom line is taxes overall were in line with our guidance for the thirdquarter. Now, looking ahead based on what we know now the fourthquarter adjusted tax rate, we should be in the 27% to 29% range. We also expectto realize a net benefit of about $0.01 per share from synthetic fuels. Now moving to cash flow and the balance sheet. Cash providedby operations was $585 million compared to $648 million in the prior year, asgrowth and cash earnings was more than offset by higher working capital. Thatincrease was, in part, due to the timing of sales collections at the end of thequarter, along with higher inventories. Looking at capital spending, we invested $233 million in thethird quarter with year-to-date spending of $777 million. We're likely tofinish the year towards the high end of our full-year target of $900 million to$1 billion in spending for the year. Regarding share repurchases, we bought 33 million shares ofKMB stock at a cost of more than $2.2 billion during the quarter. That includesthe $2 billion accelerated share repurchase program we announced in July.Through the nine months, we've repurchased more than $2.5 billion worth of KMBshares and we are on track with our plan to repurchase $2.8 billion worth ofour stock this year. So that wraps up the financial review of the quarter. Torecap, we achieved strong top line growth, we delivered bottom line resultsslightly above our commitments, and we continue to allocate cash in shareholderfriendly ways. Now, I will turn it over to Tom.
Tom Falk: Thanks Mark and good morning everyone. I will commentbriefly on the third quarter and then I will review the outlook that we havegot for the balance of the year. I have in mind this morning that we are continuing to buildmomentum under our Global Business Plan and our third quarter sales andadjusted earnings-per-share came in ahead of expectations. So, I am pleased we'vebeen able to continue to offset persistent inflationary pressures. As for my perspective on our third quarter results, I wouldlike to highlight a number of positives, as well as some opportunities that wehave to improve. I am particularly encouraged about the continued strength ofour Personal Care business. Our Personal Care team posted a 12% increase insales and 130 basis-point increase in operating profit margin. So here, acombination of strong brands and innovation along with double-digit growth indeveloping and emerging markets, is fueling our growth in Personal Care. In fact for our developing and emerging markets, overall,sales were up 17% in the quarter and operating profit improved at an evenfaster rate, and that extended the favorable trends we have seen in thesebusinesses throughout the first half of this year. It's also very encouragingto see some of our key brands, like Huggies, Kleenex, Scott, Viva, Kimtech andWypAll, to name just a few, that are delivering excellent volume growth for ourPersonal Care, Consumer Tissue and K-C Professional businesses in North America. On the other hand, margins for Consumer Tissue and K-CProfessional have been significantly impacted by higher versioned fiber and wastepapercosts. As these costs continue to escalate during the third quarter, it becameclear that we needed to take additional steps to get our margins moving back inthe right direction. And accordingly we recently announced a series of priceincreases, for both Consumer Tissue and K-C Professional in North America. Increases for K-C Professional in North America arecurrently underway, and prices for Consumer Tissue in the U.S. are slatedto go up next February. We are also planning to raise prices for baby andchild-care products in the U.S.at the same time. Meanwhile, there is also clearly room for improvement in ourHealth Care business, which saw our third quarter sales and operating profitfall below year-ago levels. So although we've made the right strategic decisionto exit the latex glove business, it has caused our results to be softer thanwe would like in the short-term. So our Health Care team is working hard toregain momentum, and we expect sales and earnings comparisons will show somesequential improvement in the fourth quarter. Then a final noteworthy accomplishment in the third quarterwas the $2 billion accelerated share repurchase we executed in late July, andthat was funded by a corresponding increase in our debt levels. This movebetter aligns our capital structure with our global business plan strategies,and is also a direct reflection of our confidence that we'll continue to hit ourplanned targets. So overall, I am pleased with our third quarter results andI am very proud of our Kimberly-Clark teams around the world that deliver them.So, thanks to their efforts, we are driving strong top line growth anddelivering on our bottom-line commitments in the short-term, while at the sametime making the necessary changes to further strengthen our competitiveposition and our prospects for long-term sustainable growth. So, this brings me to the outlook. The underlying strengthof our business results for the first nine months give us confidence that wewill continue to execute our global business plan well over the balance of theyear. We expect top line momentum will remain positive, paced by continuedstrong performances in developing and emerging markets, and the success ofother targeted growth initiatives, particularly in Personal Care and K-CProfessional. We'll also continue to drive cost out of the system throughour FORCE and strategic cost-reduction efforts. These factors, combined withbenefits from our accelerated share repurchases, should enable us to overcomesignificant inflationary pressures and deliver another quarter of solid bottom-linegrowth. Meanwhile, our plans incorporate further increases inspending for strategic marketing to support volume growth and improve brandequity, as we remain committed to boost spending above the rate of sales growththis year. So all in all, we expect adjusted earnings-per-share in thefourth quarter will be in the range of $1.09 to $1.11 per share, and that's up6% to 8% from the $1.03 per share we earned last year in the fourth quarter. Withthe anticipated improvement in our fourth quarter performance, we would nowexpect adjusted earnings-per-share for the full year of 2007 will be in therange of $4.23 to $4.25 a share. And this compares with our previous guidancefor adjusted earnings per share of $4.20 to $4.25, and will result in growth of8% to 9% versus the $3.90 per share we earned in 2006. So to summarize, 2007 is shaping up to be a very good yearfor us with top and bottom-line growth on-track to exceed our original plan forthe year. We are focused on delivering sustainable growth in sales andearnings, improving our returns and deploying our cash in shareholder-friendlyways. We've been doing what we said wewould do, and we intend to continue driving our targeted growth initiatives,further strengthening our brands and continually improving our capabilities andcost effectiveness. We believe we have the right strategies in place to createvalue for our shareholders and that is the bottom-line objective of all of ourefforts. And with that, thank you for your interest today and now we'll behappy to take your questions.
Operator: At this time the floor is open for your questions. (OperatorInstructions). Our first question comes from Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - SanfordBernstein: Hey guys, how are you?
Mark Buthman: Hello Ali, how are you?
Ali Dibadj - SanfordBernstein: Hey, just want to push a little bit on the margins issue,besides Personal Care, as you mentioned everything was down and we can see the$50 million and the $20 million from the [Kleenguard], but it feels likethere's got to be something else there, on where we bucket it, its somethingaround pricing and mix and may be 50 basis points, I guess that becomes roughly$23 million. A, is that right and then B, if so where did that come from, isthat kind of geographic mix or the trade down? It selling more through the clubchannel?
Tom Falk: No, I mean, actually mix, we are about a point of positivemix in the quarter that probably the two big pieces that don't show up in ouranalysis as clearly as that, the distribution expense was up about $20 millionin the quarter and that doesn't show up directly in our cost analysis. And sopart of that is related to carrier rate, some of its fuel related, some ofits working hours; but also as you look at our working capital, ourinventories are higher than we would like and that usually tracks along withthe higher level of distribution costs. So, we've got some opportunity there to bring that down. Ithink the other piece that shows up in the margin analysis is the cost ofproduct improvements. So, as we've improved our facial tissue or improvedtier-V diapers and put more value into the product which then benefits us bydriving our positive mix. There is a cost associated with product improvements,probably those two are the other big factors that affected gross margin in thequarter.
Ali Dibadj - SanfordBernstein: So, you are not seeing in fact any trade down or any margin,negative margin mix given that you are selling more through clubs for examplesor what have you?
Tom Falk: No, I mean, overall, the mix was a positive 1% at the topline and that tracks don't have a positive benefit at the bottom line as well.
Ali Dibadj - SanfordBernstein: Okay. And then you mentioned inventory that's the otherthing I want to push on. It clearly looks like it's up to me. If you lookyear-on-year it's up by lets call it 10 days, but sequentially it keeps goingup. Where do you want to be and what is the cause of some of that, is itinternational expansion, is it consolidating some plans, I mean what else is inthere?
Tom Falk: No, it's one that -- I would say a couple of things. One isthere is still a fair amount of disruption in our supply chain as we'rereconfiguring plans. We have also been doing some work on reconfiguring ourdistribution network. And while you are going through that, you are starting upa new DC and taking down the old DCs and you windup I think probably not bydesign but by the way it works out with more inventory and more places than youwould like, and that purchase on inventory levels and distribution expense. So,we are working through that. I'll also tell you that we've been tracking forthe high end of our sales forecast and had some customer service challenges asa result, and so we are probably protecting to a higher side volume estimatewith a bit more inventory than we'd like. Health Care, clearly we got moreinventory because our sales have under delivered. So, we are not happy with itand as we look at it, we are probably up about a five or six days of inventoryby our calculation relative to year end and that's probably the near-termtarget we are looking to get back out of the system.
Ali Dibadj - SanfordBernstein: And what's your plan to get there?
Tom Falk: Every business unit has got plans to work through it and sothat's something that each one of our teams is working on. And I thinkobviously we've told you this for a couple of quarters and it hasn't come down.So, its one that we are going to continue to work on and we would expect tosee some improvement over the next couple of quarters.
Ali Dibadj - SanfordBernstein: Okay, great thanks guys. 
Tom Falk: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Linda Bolton Weiser withOppenheimer & Co.
Linda BoltonWeiser - Oppenheimer & Co: Thank you. I just wanted you to clarify again, does the $20million of higher distribution cost is that figured in to your $5 millionyear-over-year decrease in energy and distribution or is that a separate item?
Tom Falk: That's a separate $20 million, and the energy is really justnatural gas and electricity. And a lot of that is slightly lower natural gaspricing, and then lower electricity rates in the UK has also been a factor. So,pretty modest energy change year-over-year from that standpoint. So, thatdoesn't include like all the oil-related things that would be affecting powerand that would be in that raw materials bucket. And distribution is one thatjust hasn't set neatly into any of those buckets that we typically give you.
Linda BoltonWeiser - Oppenheimer & Co: Okay. And guys, can you clarify also on the increase instrategic marketing spending. Maybe I have my numbers wrong, but I thought thatit was $20 million year-over-year increase in the first quarter, than $13million increase. So, in what way is it higher sequentially?
Tom Falk: Okay. Look at what we've spent in the third quarter versuswhat we've spent on the fourth quarter. Its higher sequentially in terms ofthe absolute amount that was spent. So
Mark Buthman: Third versus second.
Tom Falk: Third versus second.
Linda BoltonWeiser - Oppenheimer & Co: Oh. Okay, alright. And is it true that in the third quarter,the percentage increase was above the sales increase in the third quarter?
Tom Falk: No, it was pretty flat, as the percent of sales in the thirdquarter. But obviously our sales growth was a lot higher than we expected. So,basically we spent what we thought we are going to spend in our third quarterand we got more on the top-line for it.
Linda BoltonWeiser - Oppenheimer & Co: Okay. And just in terms of a little more detail on theHealth Care operating margin. The new gloves, the nitrile gloves, I guess youmentioned are higher margins, so is it that the raw material cost pressures areoffsetting that mix improvement and that's the reason the margin is down somuch or can you explain more there?
Tom Falk: Yeah, there is a couple of things that are affecting HealthCare margins. One is, we do almost all of our glove manufacturing in Thailand,so the impact of the weakening of the dollar versus the Thai Baht has increasedour costs. And we really haven't been able to get pricing to offset any ofthat. That's one thing. And then the second is, we really ran pretty full in thefirst part of the year, and as volumes started to fall back, we've curtailedcapacity in some aspects of our Health Care business. So, you had some fixedcost absorption issues that affected the margin comparison. Probably those twofactors are the biggest pieces. The mix is positive, so the shift from movingfrom latex to nitrile has had a positive impact on margin, but the effect ofthe Thai Baht and the curtailment in fixed cost absorption were drags onmargin. 
Linda BoltonWeiser - Oppenheimer & Co: Okay. And just finally on the other income expense line. Iguess, generally most of the time that's sort of a net expense item, but it wasan income item, even excluding the gain or the positive item. Is theresomething else in there that's a little bit unusual on the positive side ornot?
Tom Falk: Usually, what winds up in there, they are the biggest numberand they are typically as currency gains and losses and historically we usuallyhave small or have had some small currency transaction losses. This last coupleof quarters we had small currency transaction gains and that's the biggestpiece in that swing there.
Linda BoltonWeiser - Oppenheimer & Co: Okay, great thank you very much.
Tom Falk: Thanks Linda.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Good morning. I was wondering if you could talk a little bitmore about the volume gains in Consumer Tissue, particularly in North America. Were you taking some market share or isthat just moving along with the market [because] industry data has actually beenpretty weak this year?
Tom Falk: Yeah, and I mean, really good story in a couple of keyareas, we spend more on advertising and promotion in Consumer Tissue. We had avery strong back to school season on Kleenex, and so good volume growth onKleenex. We had double-digit volume growth on Viva towels, as we've gotten morecapacity to grow in Viva and are driving that strategically this year and soViva was solid. We had double-digit volume growth on our Scott brand and sothat's gone very well. All of our moist wipe products in the tissue segmentinclude double-digits for both Cottonelle and Kleenex and probably the one areawhere we were essentially flat on volume was Cottonelle, and that was as aresult of the count decrease in the quarter. So the fact that we took sheetsout of that usually hurts our volume comparisons for a while. So, goodexecution and really a good example of where our investments in marketingspending has paid off for us in volume growth.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: And this product of the new machines, has that gonesmoothly? Were there any costs in the quarter?
Tom Falk: Yeah, there were, but it was -- the impact of fiber anddistribution were by far the biggest impacts on tissue margins in the quarter.If you look at it, I think fiber costs was about a 120 basis points to marginand distribution would make up about the rest of the 200 point margin todecline in the quarter, 200 basis point margin decline, so.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay. Can you talk a little bit about the European ConsumerTissue market? I guess pricing was still down. I am just wondering, do youforesee any potential change in the near future or what the environment isthere?
Tom Falk: Well, one of the interesting things about Europeis the strengthening of the currency, they haven't felt the full impact of thefiber price change and so there isn't as much pressure on price. The pricingcomparison was mostly related to promotional timing, so we had more promotionaldeals on Andrex in the third quarter than prior year and so there really wasn'tany list price activity, it was more trade spend changes. So, there is somepricing that has taken place, I think. We had some price increases in Italy that went into effect in the thirdquarter, but again realization in Europe istough in this environment.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: And again, there is nothing pending for kind of fourthquarter early '08, at this point?
Tom Falk: Nothing that we have announced at this stage.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay, thank you very much.
Tom Falk: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon with Citigroup.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Yes, good morning.
Tom Falk: Good morning, Chip.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: First question is on the, looking at the Consumer Tissuebusiness. I know that both of you would be silent and your biggest ConsumerTissue competitor in Green Baywas constantly starting up machines. And they announced another initiative asyou probably know in Utahand I just wanted to know how you feel about your volumes especially after thislast quarter. Do you feel a need to also add to your capability there in thenext two or three years, since I don't believe you have anything else in thepipeline?
Tom Falk: I think, those guys are headquartered in Cincinnati not Green Bay Chip, but
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: No, no their machine is in Green Bay.
Tom Falk: Well, I see. It might be, you might sort of have aninteresting rumor for them I wasn't going to move. No, I think we feel likeConsumer Tissue is pretty well in balance right now and so we have addedcapacity as needed to grow the business so we wouldn't be concerned about doingthat. But the U.S. Consumer Tissue market absorbs about 2 or 3 machines a year,just from normal volume growth. And so, I would think that again the timingthat they are on, that we dont see any major issues from that standpoint froma capacity perceptive.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Even with the other guys in Atlanta, I am talking about headquarters now.
Tom Falk: No.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Having one, I think that they are in building that one andone that they are talking about building? 
Tom Falk: Yeah, I mean overall we feel pretty good about the U.S.Consumer Tissue market. It's typically been much more rational and balancedthan some of the other markets around the world, so we would expect that tocontinue.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Speaking of that, when you look at Europe,I know its early days, and in the previous question you indicated that pricingcould be better. But have you noticed any changes in that marketplace, giventhe change in the makeup of the players?
Tom Falk: We said deals just closed like on October 1st, so it'spretty early yet at this point in time. And we just have to see how it playsout. In a lot of cases, private label has got the dominant share in the most ofthe European markets, and so we will see how they price things and lot of thisis going to have to do with expectations of fiber price and currency I wouldguess.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Okay. And then just shifting real quickly to Personal Care.Just fantastic numbers there and one thing we noticed especially this quarterwas how strong the North American volumes are. Yet we all kind of know therelative stability of that market and we can sort of see the demographics. I amjust wondering how sustainable are the volume growth rates are in North America, do you expect to see some moderation or doyou think this is sustainable?
Tom Falk: Well I mean, clearly we had a terrific volume a quarter andhad a solid mix with some of the things around the launch of Sleep Boxers andSleep Shorts, continued growth in our tier-V diaper business. So, obviously,while this was higher than average, we certainly expect continued growth withinour Personal Care business. It was nice to see baby wipes was up strongly, double-digitvolume growth in baby wipes in the quarter, so there really was a positiveresult. Even across all our Personal Care we still have opportunities to dobetter in a number of categories. And I think our [dozen] Cottonelle's businesshad mid singles, but we would like that to grow a little bit faster. And so,even if diaper slows down a little bit we would expect that there would be someother things that will pick up the slack.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Okay. And then lastly Tom, if we can see a continuation inthese trends. I can't help to think that market would continue to see yourvalue increasingly more in the Personal Care area. And in fact, given I thinkthe view that perhaps there's a pretty big difference or gap between how onewould foresee the value of that business versus say the more capital intensivetissue businesses. Any thoughts however splitting on the company, has that evercrossed your mind?
Tom Falk: No, I mean we think the portfolio works. I mean we have gotscale on important categories with our key customers. And we are pretty happywith the mix of businesses that we are in.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Got you. Thanks very much.
Tom Falk: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amy Chasen with Goldman Sachs.
Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs: First I wanted to just stick with the question on strongPersonal Care volume in the U.S.It's very inconsistent with the track data and yet you say that you havepositive mix and usually when you are selling more in to clubs and next Marchthe mix will be negative. Can you reconcile that for us, were there any big newwins outside of the track channels this quarter that drove the strength? Canyou just give us a little color?
Tom Falk: Yeah, I mean a couple of things, the relative growth of thesuper premium and of all of the Personal Care segment has been a positive forceon mix. So whether it's tier-V diapers or the launch of Sleep Boxers, SleepShorts or Huggies Supreme Wipes all of those innovations are driving our growthin our mix in a positive way. And so, we had good growth across all of ournon-tracked channels. So, it was Dollar stores as well as some of the other bigMM players. So, again, there is probably a bigger divergence in the Nielsendata and our all outlet data than may be in prior quarters that someone had doa promotional timing and other things so.
Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs: So, would you expect that that divergence would narrow backto a more normal level or you like increasingly focused on Dollar stores andsome of these other channels, which is why the promotional activity was up?
Tom Falk: No, we love all of our customers and we will take ordersfrom all of them. So, we would guess, that it will normalize overtime. But asyou look overtime, the consumer shopping pattern is really what's driving this,more than us trying to drive the volume to a particular channel. So, I thinktoday probably less than 40% of our diaper category is in major channels. So,you've got 60% outside and that 60% is intended to grow overtime just by theconsumer shopping behavior.
Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Can you just give us some early read on the costoutlook for '08 relative to timing of your savings?
Tom Falk: Yes, we'll give you more detailed guidance on the next call.I mean, I would say when you look at pulp, which is probably the biggest one,remember we had probably at one point of looking for pulp to moderate, givenwhat's happened to the U.S. dollar. We are today planning for pulp to remain atthese high levels, which tracks with why we're leading some price in variouscategories. Oil would be the same thing and we certainly aren't planning foroil at $90 a barrel at this stage, but we are certainly in the high $70s. Aquestion we're asking ourselves today is even as oil has spiked up it hasn'tyet translated into higher oil related raw material costs, so the refiningmargin is what's gotten squeezed and I would guess something is got to givethere either. Oil has got to come back down or some of the underlyingcommodities are going to go up and catch up with oil price. And so, that'sreally kind of that calculus is what we are watching carefully as we lay outour '08 plans. But clearly the inflation pressure continues to be pretty highand so that's the basis that we're putting together plans for '08. 
Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs: I am sorry, but you said you are putting together plans for'08; you are not using $90 or either you are using more like $70?
Tom Falk: High $70s.
Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs: Okay. I mean given, do you have another month or so tocontinue to do your planning when you want to be conservative and assume ahigher estimate?
Tom Falk: When we started our planning, we thought that wasconservative. So, obviously, as we get closer to the wrapping this up we'll befine turning those assumptions as well. Looking forward, we are looking at thefutures market like everybody else is at this point in time.
Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs: Alright, thank you.
Tom Falk: Thanks Amy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Ferrara with MerrillLynch.
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Hi guys.
Tom Falk: Good morning Chris. 
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Good morning. Can you talk about, I know you have been sheddinglow margin businesses in Europe what you have,and then obviously exiting out of the latex exam glove business. Could you justtry and quantify in total where else you might be exiting low margin businesseswhere you would have you know sort of a negative impact on the top line that wemay not be thinking about? And also what the timing is of lapping finally allthe European mix issues or issues with exiting these lower margin businesses?
Tom Falk: Yeah, I mean those ones that you focused on are probably thebiggest impact in Europe in particular. Wethink in the third quarter sold one additional tissue facility. So, that willcontinue to [anniversary] through the third quarter of next year. So, those arethe major areas that we have looked for setting times now. At the same time allof our businesses are trying to drive mix, and so we are trying to make sure weare growing in the higher margin segments. So, were trying to grow in tier-Vdiapers. We are growing our wiper business in our K-C Professional operation.We are growing our medical device sales in Health Care. So, even though thevolume comparisons in Health Care werent great, we still grew in our medicaldevice business, which is a good margin story for them. So, thats where ourfocus is. So, we are not actively shutting it, but we are trying to drive ourcapacity in the higher margin, better mix opportunities for us.
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Got you, and then on I know it's a smaller piece of the mix.But on the gloves business, you guys now cited your tougher competitiveenvironment as you switch over to the nitrile gloves. Can you just talk aboutthat a little bit more?
Tom Falk: Yes, I'd say there are more players now in nitrile. Thoughwe had that low cost nitrile more or less to ourselves. And as we switched,others have followed, our capacity didnt ramp up as quickly as we wanted itto, to be able to service all of our customers. So we were on allocation onnitrile gloves earlier of this year and that provided some opportunities forour competitors. And so or else we were the only one in the making the sales[pits], now there is two or three that are betting for that same business.
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: So I mean is that and that's beyond your expectation. Likein other words are your expectations in total for the gloves business now lowerthan they were a quarter or two ago and is it any meaningful amount?
Tom Falk:  I would say it's more of a time setback, in terms of what weultimately expect to get. We're probably six to twelve months behind our planon those glove conversions. So, we still believe we'll get to where we want togo, but it's going to take a little longer.
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Got it. And just finally on the synfuels, you are expectingbenefit in Q4. Is that because there the phase-out is set annually or is theresomething else I am missing in there?
Tom Falk: Yeah, it's an annual average and so, Mark can give you alittle bit more detail on what oil price you've to assume to have a total phaseout from the quarter. Mark?
Mark Buthman: Right in the third quarter, we sort of reset each quarter;you sort of take a look at the annual run rate and the outlook. So we resetthat in the third quarter, so we got very little benefit from synfuels. If weaveraged for the full quarter in the low 90's, so I think today oil is $90.50 abarrel or something like that. If that stayed, that would just about eliminatethat synfuel benefit.
Tom Falk: So, we would have to average in the high 80's to be in the rangeof about a penny a share that we talked about so?
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Yes.
Mark Buthman: And I think it's important to, I mean everyday, people arecoming in and they are setting a new high, we pull back $4 or $5, and we haveto be careful to not set your outlook based on the most recent daily price.
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Got it thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Connie Maneaty with BMO CapitalMarkets.
Tom Falk: Good morning Connie.
Operator: [Ms. Maneaty], your line is open. Alright our next questioncomes from Lauren Lieberman with Lehman Brothers
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Thanks good morning.
Tom Falk: Good morning Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Just wanted to talk a little bit about margins again. Firstwas on Personal Care. The margins in the business are great, you are gettingbetter. Are you getting any push back from retailers as you are trying to takepricing? Your margins are still growing despite the cost inflation?
Tom Falk: As we go and talk to retailers, we layout the cost story forevery one of our business areas. And so, when you look at the amount of oilbased materials that are going into Personal Care products. I mean, there is avery strong cost story and a lot of the margin improvement is from mix andoften the better mix is beneficial from a retailer's perspective as well.
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Do you feel like there is a change in the way retailers areinteracting with their suppliers and that they are more open minded on pricingin general and allowing you to really reap the benefits from your own costsavings initiatives, but still pass through some pricing?
Tom Falk: Well, I would say that these cost shifts are more than justnormal inflations. So, we are not in there saying see our wages are going up acouple of percent or healthcare costs are up high single-digits. These arepretty seismic shifts in major material areas. Pulp is up on some grades morethan 30% year-over-year and oil would be in same kind of a situation. And so,they're not just hearing it from one supplier, in fact if you go back and lookat all of the CPG price increases over the last year, Diapers is kind ofnotable as one category that really hasn't had an increase. And so, I think,they understand that fiber is half the cost of tissue and when fiber goes up acouple hundred dollars a ton that there is going to be a price relief. I thinkthat the last time in tissue we had price increases, pulp was about $650 a tonand now its $850 a ton so.
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then, just on the tissue business, obviously it'slike you said its fiber and cost inflation that's driving margins down a bit.If its possible, can you talk a little bit about any structural improvementsthat you are having in margins in that business because I would assume that alot of the restructuring and FORCE savings have been in tissue. So, if you areable to kind of pass out the pieces you have been able to control?
Tom Falk: Yes, if you looked at Europein total for example, our European business, we improved margins by a 130 basispoints in '06 and we will get a similar level of improvement in '07. Now thatcuts across all of our businesses in Europe,but that's been, a lot of restructuring activity in mill closures have been inthe tissue part of the business. So that may be the best example, I couldprobably give you. I would tell you the other things that we are doing intissue, the volume growth this quarter was in some our higher margin segments.So facial tissue was positive, Viva towels was positive, the moist wipes waspositive. So, all that helps us a bit for our margin standpoint. We are alsocontinuing to invest more A&P in that business and so that is a bit of amargin driver but it helps stimulate the volume growth.
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Okay. I'll leave it there, thank you.
Tom Falk: Thanks Lauren.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Faucher with JP Morgan.
John Faucher - JP Morgan: Yes, good morning.
Tom Falk: Hi, John.
John Faucher - JP Morgan: Hi. If you take a look at the increase in spending, you havebeen bringing new people into marketing and raising the spending levels on someof these businesses. I realize its still early days. Have you been able to putin some sort of marketing mix analysis to give you an idea of may be thepotential top line growth you can get, if you continue to up this investmentlevel and does the recent success so far make you think, okay, we can take thisa lot higher may be than what we thought?
Tom Falk: Yeah, we are working to get those tools in place. And sowe've got marketing mix analysis, but as developed and do we use it aspredictably as we could, the answer is probably no. So, we are really focusingon each of our businesses, and making sure we are spending on the high priorityitems on the higher margin opportunities and really trying to execute betterand more consistently across the businesses. And even with that level of focus, we've seen some improvementfrom a top line standpoint. So, I think we are really just beginning todescribe the surface on what the potential is. It is also encouraging that wehave consistently increased marketing spending, faster than sales in developingand emerging markets. We are getting great top line growth. We are also gettingprofit margin growth faster than top line. So, it is a really virtual circlethat we are driving in some parts of the business.
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan: Okay. But, so far no real change in terms of how you aretargeting the level of spending on a longer-term basis. But did something, asyou get more data you are going to look at that, thats how you are looking atthem?
Tom Falk: I'd say, our marketing mix is changing like everybodyelse's. We are doing less TV, more interactive, more Internets, more PR. So, Ithink there is a level of creativity thats evolving in our marketing teams. AsI think most CPG companies are doing, whether finding more ways to connect withconsumers in unique ways, and so that's the exciting opportunity for everybody. 
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And then just one quick question here, more of anaccounting question. Do you guys use sales curve accounting to match up thingslike marketing spend with volume?
Tom Falk: I dont think so, because I am sure, I dont know what youare talking about. Mark's shaking his head too. We list our accounting policiesin the footnote in terms of how we book promotion and advertising and so forth,but it's pretty straight forward.
ohn Faucher - J.P. Morgan: Okay. I'll follow-up offline. Thank you.
Tom Falk: Thats great.
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan: Thanks You.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Hott with Bear Stearns.
Justin Hott - Bear Stearns: Thanks. Can you maybe give us some guidance on what you seeout there and what your competitors, is there any future spending in any ofyour major categories first of all?
Tom Falk: Well, it continues to be a competitive environment. So, ifyou look at the coupon levels for our various competitors and variousactivities, that continues to be competitive, I would say some of the premiumbath account change, that's the P&G led, that we have followed it in acertainly different way, Georgia-Pacific has also followed. So, with the higherfiber costs, very recently you've seen competitors generally following. And interms of the pricing that we announced for February of '08, it's only been inthe marketplace for a little over a week. So, there's hasn't been any othercompetitive announcements on that front. As you look at the diapers and wipes and pants, thatcontinues to be a competitive battle. And in adult care, there we're reallybattling private label more than anything else. If you look at our growth inD&E, in a lot of cases we are driving category penetration. So, as thoseeconomies grow and consumer incomes improve, we are able to bring more and morepeople into the category. And we want more than our fair share of those newentrants. And so, in our BRICIT markets in particular, we saw growth of, topline is up 26%, a lot of that is category penetration, as opposed to a sharegain. 
Justin Hott - Bear Stearns: Has there been any change in behavior of private label inthe paper-related categories? Since pulp continues to go up, anything you'venoticed so far?
Tom Falk: Well, it's not as big of a factor in the US. So, I wouldn't say I've seenanything substantial there. But I also dont spend a whole lot of time lookingat that segment of the category.
Justin Hott - Bear Stearns: And just one last thing, can we get a little more detail onthe BRICIT countries may be which are outperforming more than the others?
Tom Falk: Yes, I mean, lets say Russia,China, Brazil were clearly the threebiggest, and the three strongest performances in the quarter from a top linestandpoint. And good progress in all those areas, in Russia it's really been driven moreby diapers. Pretty much the same story in China although, fem care continuesto perform very well. And Brazilits again diapers and fem care. I was just in Sao Paulo a couple of weeks ago and the teamthere is motivated. They are doing great things in the marketplace. A lot ofgood capability being built, and yes we think we are really building a platformfor sustainable growth in the BRICIT countries.
Justin Hott - Bear Stearns: Thank you, Tom.
Tom Falk: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Schmitz with DeutscheBank.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning.
Tom Falk: Good morning, Bill.
Bill Schmitz -Deutsche Bank: Because the sales growth is coming in a lot better than, Iguess, you expected in your models. Are you still thinking 100 basis pointincrease in A&P spending or is it more going to be a dollar amount now by2009?
Tom Falk: Yes, we haven't changed our target at this point in time for'09. But as you look at a quarter or couple of quarters out, you tend to planfor where your think the top line is going to come in. And then you buildprogramming around that kind of a level, and we've just seen good results fromthe A&P stand. As well as the execution at the customer level. So, thewhole process has been working very well for us so far this year.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Great. And then, just on the K-C Professional side,pricing is only 1% in the quarter, but I thought the price increase was earlyon in the second quarter. So, why some, why they are kind of flowing through inthe P&L?
Tom Falk: The vast majority of that business is contract space, so ittakes longer to get price realization in that marketplace. So, a very smallpercentage of it is on list, and so sometimes you have to wait for thecontracts to come up before you can go into those. And then, as you are out inthe marketplace at times you have to be competitive and spent some of it backnot unlike a trade promotion, analogies of the consumer business, to make surethat you retain your business. So, again, we'd expect that to build overtime.But it takes a little longer to get price realization in the professional market.
Bill Schmitz -Deutsche Bank: What's the price increase, the percentage amount?
Tom Falk: There was one in October 1, that was double-digits and Ithink the one in April was of similar amount.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Great, and then, how about gross margin for the fourthquarter? You think it's going to be up?
Tom Falk: Yeah, we are still going to see a persistent cost inflationhitting us, we hope, we can do a little better on distribution expense, part ofthat's going to be a function of oil price. We should start to get someadditional revenue from the price realization from the Cottonelle price countchange. As well as some of the K-C Professional price increases. So, I wouldsay some sequential improvement from where we were in the third quarter isassumed into those numbers.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. Andthen, just very briefly, I think in the new Viva Ultra capacities, is up rightnow? I mean, are you getting more aggressive in that business now, that it's alot more cost effective and you can scale it up more?
Tom Falk: Yeah, we really have all this year and you have seen goodgrowth in Viva and we are up double-digit turns Viva in the third quarter. Andso, we think that's a great brand and a great product. And so, we've gotcapacity now to drive that a little bit harder.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Is it possible for the rest of the business given thehigh latex content in it?
Tom Falk: Yeah, Viva has got a very positive margin story for us.
Bill Schmitz -Deutsche Bank: Great, thank you very much.
Tom Falk: Thanks Bill.
Bill Schmitz -Deutsche Bank: Very helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from Connie Maneaty with BMO CapitalMarkets.
Connie Maneaty - BMOCapital Markets: Hi. Let's try this again.
Tom Falk: Hi, Connie.
Connie Maneaty - BMOCapital Markets: Hi. Do the cost-savings that you currently have in place. Doyou think they would be enough to offset oil in the high 70s or the low 80s?
Tom Falk: You are talking about fourth quarter?
Connie Maneaty - BMOCapital Markets: No. I am sorry; I am talking about next year.
Tom Falk: We havent given guidance for '08 specifically, but what Iwould tell you is that we committed to a three year cost-savings program aroundFORCE at our Investor Day last year. And were on track and we are ahead todeliver that. So, we would expect that to continue in '08. And today wereplanning on oil in the high 70s. And overall, I would tell you we expect tocontinue to deliver against the goals in our global business plan.
Connie Maneaty - BMOCapital Markets: But, when you started the FORCE program what were your threeyear assumptions for the cost of your, of pulp and of oil?
Tom Falk: Were expecting more of a normal level of inflation,probably in $100 million to $150 million a year has been quiet a bit more thanthat. But were also getting more pricing than we thought that we would have atthat point in time. So, for those seismic shifts, you are going to need to getsome selling price increased, to be able to offset the cost of oil and fiber.
Connie Maneaty - BMOCapital Markets: I guess the last question is, as you come to the end of therestructuring program, do you see through the FORCE program more savings thatyou could accelerate if raw-material costs dont debate?
Tom Falk: You are seeing some of that this year. We are really aheadof our FORCE plan for the year, at the high-end of the range of our FORCEsavings for the year. And one of the challenges is that, as we have beenimplementing the competitive improvement initiatives, some of the people thatwe would have working on normal cost savings are working on restructuringfacilities and so forth. So, as we get past all of the restructuring, we'llhave a bit more capacity to generate cost savings ideas. And we haven't reallyquantified that. That should be a positive for us.
Connie Maneaty - BMOCapital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much
Tom Falk: Thanks Carnie.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Gere with Wachovia CapitalMarkets.
Jason Gere - WachoviaCapital Markets: Good morning.
Mark Buthman: Good morning Jason.
Jason Gere - WachoviaCapital Markets: Hi. Just a question about the price increase for next year,we've seen in the past that when you take pricing sometimes there is I guess aresidual impact of volumes. Can you talk a little bit about the mix betweenmaybe the marketing spending and maybe a little more trade spending you mightneed to just make sure the consumer gets the right price proposition?
Tom Falk: Yeah. Obviously, we haven't had a lot of price increasesrecently in diapers, to be able to measure this. I would say diapers is less ofa risk, because the consumers in the category are probably the most sensitivecategory. Historically it's been facial tissue and we haven't initiated anyprice action on facial tissue at this point in time in the US. So, all the pricing is directed at rolled products, bathtissue and towels. And those categories typically hold up pretty well, were yousee some volume declines often as were we take place for sheet count. Andbecause, we measure volumes and sheet sold and the consumer's typically buyabout the same number of roll. So, it takes a little while for that householdinventory change, to adjust through the system, and then you get back on moreof a normal category growth perspective.
Jason Gere - WachoviaCapital Markets: Okay. And then secondly, I am not sure if I missed this. Canyou talk little bit about the tissue volumes in the developing and emergingmarkets, with the price increase, what's going on there and kind of theresolution?
Tom Falk: Yeah. In the developing and emerging markets, tissue volumeswerent up there, they are pretty flat. We pushed some price in Latin Americamore aggressively, we're doing some things in Brazil to restage our value bathproduct from a 1-ply to a 2-ply, with fewer sheets. And so that's flattening upthe volume and giving us a little bit more price in emerging markets. Otherthan that there really wasn't much of a story on consumer tissue, in emergingmarkets, more of that business is really in North America and Europe.
Jason Gere - WachoviaCapital Markets: Okay. And then, the last question, I guess, sort of fourthquarter you are seeing adjusted tax rate would be 27 to 29. Is that how weshould look at it, I mean, assuming that the synthetic fuel it's completelygone for '08. Is that the range that we should be looking at for next year?
Tom Falk: We will give you more guidance on '08 in the January call.But that's going to be a lower than normal effective rate in the fourthquarter, because we have visibility of some tax planning initiatives that wewill take advantage of in the fourth quarter.
Jason Gere - WachoviaCapital Markets: Okay. Fair enough, thanks.
Tom Falk: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon with Citigroup.
Chip Dillon -Citigroup: Yeah, just a quick follow-up Tom. On the tissue priceincrease for February, do you have ways, this year you did it, obviously, agreat job of managing around the pulp cost situation? If we don't see yourcompetitors following, I guess, today we haven't seen any movement, correct meif I'm wrong, do you have ways you could achieve your bottom line objectives ifwe don't see success for this increase? Or alternatively, you do put inpricing, but you take a volume or market share hit for it?
Tom Falk: That's pretty early days yet and I am not going tospeculate, I guess on what might or might not happen. We will have morevisibility over the next month or so. And what pricing levels are going to looklike for '08. And then we'll factor that into our guidance and in our plan for'08 that we share with you in January.
Chip Dillon -Citigroup: Okay, alright. Thank you.
Tom Falk: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mariann Montagne at ThriventAsset Management.
Mariann Montagne -Thrivent Asset Management: Hi, just to revisit the inventory side of things in theworking capital. Can you breakout for us a rough estimate of what part of theworking capital decline was due to the timing of sales, collections and whatpart was because of the higher value of your inventory now?
Tom Falk: Yeah, our working capital was up about a 100 basis points inthe quarter. Receivables my recollection and Mark is here as well and he cangive you a little bit of detail. Receivables was about half of that increase,may be just a little less. Part of that was in the fact that month ended on aSunday, so we shipped Saturday and Sunday, and invoiced that. But obviouslythere weren't any collections on Saturday and Sunday. Also the Monday after was a bank holiday, so if customerswere going to send anything into the lock boxes, they really have untilTuesday, the calendars having been received by the due date. So, I would saythat was, we probably added a day to our day sales and receivables as theresult of timing. But Mark unless you got any more 
Mark Buthman: Yeah Marianne, this was sort of roll of thumb, we sell about$50 million a day on an fully annual basis, so a couple of days of lack incollection is about a $100 million.
Tom Falk: And then, if you look at inventory and you look at the costinflation we have had this year, its heading toward a $300 million kind of anumber. It has been $ 235 million through the first nine months. And anyfigure, we have got probably little over 60 days of inventory, so it takes twomonths worth of that, and that's our ballpark number on what the impacts ofinflation would be on our inventory. So, obviously we have got things on LIFOand other stuffs, so it's not quite that simple, but thats the ballpark thatwe're at so.
Mariann Montagne -Thrivent Asset Management: Okay. And I have a follow-up question if I could ondeveloping in emerging markets, what is your operating margin now in thatgroup?
Tom Falk: I dont if we've disclosed that separately, but theoperating margins are generally a little lower than the corporate average. Butagain, we are growing, the top line faster than the corporate average, and weare growing the bottom-line in developing and emerging markets faster than thetop line. So, we are closing that gap some what. 
Mariann Montagne -Thrivent Asset Management: Could you just give me the change, the Delta this quarter?
Tom Falk: We haven't disclosed that information.
Mariann Montagne -Thrivent Asset Management: Okay. Thanks anyway.
Tom Falk: Thank you.
Operator: Mr. Masseth at this time there are no further questions.
Mike Masseth: Okay. Dave, I think we will wrap it up then, Tom finalcomments?
Tom Falk: Thank you again for your support to Kimberly-Clark. We had asolid quarter. I am very pleased about the top line. It's in a challenging costenvironment and our teams have done a great job of delivering results in thechallenging environment. So, thank you again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-24 10:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Mike Masseth - VP, IR   Mark Buthman - SVP & CFO   Tom Falk - Chairman & CEO   Randy Vest - Vice President & Controller,   Tina Barry - Head of Corporate Communications 
Analysts: Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank   Justin Hott - Bear Stearns   Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers   Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein   Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch   Linda Bolton - Oppenheimer   Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs   John Faucher - J.P. Morgan   Todd Duvick - Banc of America Securities   Gail Glazerman - UBS   Alec Patterson - RCM   Jason Gere - A.G. Edwards   Chip Dillon - Citigroup   April Scee - Banc of America Securities 
Operator: We now have Mr. Mike Masseth and Mr. Randy Vest in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of Mr. Masseth presentation, we will open the floor for questions.  At that time instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow, if you would like to ask a question. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Masseth. Mr. Masseth you may begin, sir. 
Mike Masseth: Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate your interest in Kimberly-Clark. With us today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO; Randy Vest, Vice President and Controller; and Tina Barry, Head of Corporate Communications.  Here's the agenda for today's call. Mark will start with a review of our second quarter results, then Tom will provide his perspective on our results and discuss our outlook for 2007.  That will leave us plenty of time to finish, as usual with Q&A. For those wishing to follow along we have a presentation of today's materials in the investor section of our website, Kimberly-Clark.com.  First, let me remind you that we will be making forward-looking statements during the call today. There can be no assurance that future events will occur as anticipated or that the Company's results will be as estimated.  Please refer to the risk factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a description of factors that could cause our future results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements.  We will also be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted earnings per share, adjusted operating profit, and adjusted operating margin. Management believes that reporting in this manner enables investors to better understand and analyze our ongoing results of operations.  For additional information on why we make these adjustments, and reconciliations to comparable financial measures, determined in accordance with GAAP, see today's news release and additional information on our website. Now I will turn it over to Mark. 
Mark Buthman: Thanks, Mike. Good morning, everyone. I hope you had a chance to review our news release this morning with the details of our results. I'm going to briefly review the quarter starting with a few headlines.  First, we achieved excellent top-line growth with sales up 8%. That includes 5% organic growth at the high end of our sales objective with good progress from a number of our targeted growth initiatives.  Second, we delivered strong bottom line results, slightly ahead of our guidance, adjusted earnings per share for the quarter were $1.04 up 9% from last year and above our guidance for earnings in the range of $1.01 to $1.03.  Third, we announced a $2 billion accelerated share repurchase that will be funded by an increase in our leverage. The ASR which is expected to initially settle later this week is further evidence of our strong balance sheet and cash flow and our commitment to deploy cash in shareholder friendly ways.  Now I would like to review details of our results starting with the top line for each of our segments. In Personal Care, sales jumped 10% driven mostly by strong volume growth of 6% and currency benefits of 3%. In North America, volumes increased 2% led by Huggies.  The brand delivered mid to high single digit volume growth in both diapers and baby wipes. Our market shares continue to expand in both categories fueled by premium tier innovations.  In Feminine Care, although down versus last year volumes and market share were consistent with performance over the last two quarters. In child care, while volumes were off 4% compared to strong growth last year, we've got some exciting innovation coming to market in the third quarter that we expect to help further improve our market leading position.  Moving to Europe, second quarter sales volumes for Personal Care rose 4%. Huggies diapers continues to improve in core markets with volumes up 5% in the quarter behind strong gains from our supreme upgrades and the new Huggies little walkers diaper pant.  In the developing and emerging markets personal care sales climbed 21%, the 11th consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. We had fantastic performance across D&E. Highlights included 18% volume growth in the fast growing bricked countries, continued double-digit volume growth in both infant care and feminine care in Latin America. And great results from Huggies in Australia.  Turning to Consumer Tissue, sales rose 9%, including 4 points of benefit from currency. Segment volumes increased 3% while net selling prices were higher by 2%. In North America, volume growth was broad based with a 7% gain overall supported by a healthy increase in strategic marketing.  Kleenex facial tissue volumes continue to rise advancing 5% in the second quarter. In addition, super premium Viva towel volumes were up at a strong double digit rate as we focus on driving growth in this part of the business.  Lastly, bathroom tissue volumes were up nicely with growth in Cottonelle and Scott. Speaking of Cottonelle next month we will be rolling out a softness improvement that comes with some increase in net pricing.  Switching to Europe enhanced product mix boosted the top line by 1 point offsetting slightly lower volumes the decline in volumes was primarily due to shedding some low margin business as we've exited certain facilities as part of our strategic cost reduction plan.  Moving to K-C Professional and other, sales increased 8% including 3 points of benefit from currency. Volumes advanced 4% and higher net selling prices added another point of top line growth. We are continuing to make good progress with our growth initiatives in KCP.  In the second quarter global wiper sales increased at a double-digit rate and global sales in the safety and scientific channels grew high single digits. At the same time, we're continuing to build our overall KCP business in the developing and emerging markets where sales grew about 20%.  Lastly, healthcare segment sales declined 7% due primarily to the lower volumes of 8%. As was the case in the first quarter comparisons were impacted by our decision in the third quarter last year to exit the Latex exam glove business.  Although we continue to realize very strong sales of our higher margin nitrile gloves that growth did not overcome the impact of the fall off in Latex glove sales. Second quarter comparisons as we expected were also affected by strong growth last year in face masks which benefited from avian flu preparedness that didn't recur this year.  These two factors more than offset solid growth in our medical devices business. Now based on plans in place we expect healthcare sales to build going forward particularly in the fourth quarter.  Moving to operating profit and cost savings, and for this discussion I will refer to adjusted operating profit and margin, which excludes charges from our strategic cost reduction plan and certain incremental implementation costs related to the plan.  Second quarter operating profit was $678 million with an operating margin of 15.1%. Operating profit was up 7% at the high end of our full year growth objective of 5 to 7%. That improvement came despite absorbing cost inflation of about $85 million in the quarter including about $55 million from higher fiber costs.  We increased strategic marketing spending by $13 million compared to the year-ago period, spending also increased sequentially from the first quarter as we planned. Second quarter increases supported growth in businesses across D&E, in Huggies diapers in Europe, Kleenex facial tissue and Viva towels.  Now turning to cost savings, we delivered total savings of about $76 million in the quarter. Our ongoing FORCE program delivered savings of $60 million. In terms of our strategic cost reduction plan year-over-year second quarter savings were $16 million.  Looking briefly at second quarter segment operating margins Personal Care is performing at a very high level with margins well above 20% with improvement in both the North Atlantic and in D&E.  Healthcare margins remained healthy at 17.5% despite the lower sales in the quarter. K-C Professional and other posted solid operating profit growth although margins were down somewhat due to fiber cost increases.  In Consumer Tissue although we are realizing benefits from top-line growth and cost savings, margins continue to be pressured by pulp cost inflation. Now switching to taxes, there are plenty of details in the news release so I won't repeat them here but bottom line, our taxes were in line with our second quarter guidance.  That's true for both the adjusted effective tax rate and the net benefit from our synthetic fuels initiative. Looking forward based on what we know now the third quarter adjusted rate should be in the 28 to 30% range. We also expect to realize a net benefit of about $0.02 a share from synthetic fuels.  Now moving to cash flow on the balance sheet, cash generation was solid in the second quarter. Cash provided by operations was $652 million. That's up 9% compared to $600 million in the prior year. The increase was primarily due to higher earnings and reduced investment in working capital compared to the second quarter a year ago.  Now looking to capital spending, we invested $262 million in the second quarter which included a sizable amount for the new tissue machine in North America that, by the way, started up on budget and slightly ahead of schedule at the end of the quarter. We continue to expect full-year spending between $900 million and $1 billion.  Regarding share repurchases we bought 2.1 million shares of KMB stock at a cost of $150 million during the quarter bringing our year to date repurchases to $300 million. As mentioned in the news release, we're raising our 2007 share repurchase target to $2.8 billion up from our original plan of $600 million to $800 million for the year. This new amount includes the $2 billion accelerated share repurchase agreement we entered into late yesterday.  We're funding the ASR with an increase in our leverage. This move aligns our capital structure with our global business plan strategies. Given our strong balance sheet and excellent cash flow, leaves us adequate financial flexibility and access to capital for future business investment needs.  That wraps up the financial review. So to recap, we achieved very good top-line growth, we delivered bottom line results slightly ahead of our commitments and we raised our share repurchase targets significantly supported by an increase in our leverage.  Now I'll turn it over to Tom. 
Tom Falk: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to comment briefly about our performance now that we're halfway through the year, and then I will review our outlook for the balance of the year.  The bottom line is that we're ahead of plan for the first six months. We have very good momentum and we believe we will continue to deliver solid growth the rest of the year. I'd also like to add my perspective on the announcements today to step up our share repurchases and to take on $2 billion in additional leverage.  The change in our capital structure is a strong signal about our confidence that we will continue to deliver on the objectives of our global business plan. We should also view there's a positive signal about the value of KMB shares. We believe our stock is an attractive investment given our future earnings potential and cash generation power.  Now turning to our results for the first half of the year, the headline is that better than expected top-line growth has translated into better than expected bottom line growth. Our K-C teams around the world are staying focused on our global business plan.  They are making great progress implementing our targeted growth initiatives and driving costs out of the system. Here are some first half numbers that speak to the momentum that we have created. Personal Care sales have climbed 10% and our operating profit margin in Personal Care expanded by 130 basis points to more than 20% of sales. A combination of strong brands and innovation is driving this excellent performance.  Our sales in developing and emerging markets were up 16% and operating profit in D&E has grown at an even faster rate. Our K-C Professional sales have also rose 8% and that's driven by rapid growth in the workplace, scientific, and safety channels.  Consumer Tissue sales in the first half were also up 8% and organic growth was 5% in those markets, we are getting some pricing but higher fiber costs are weighing down our margins. Healthcare margins of 18% are up slightly even though sales are lower for the first half.  Cost savings from our FORCE and strategic cost reduction programs have totaled $138 million, and that puts us in great shape relative to our full-year savings objective of $200 million to $250 million. And what's more, we now expect that both the total cost of the strategic cost reduction program and the portion that's paid out in cash will be below our previous forecast without any reduction of our long-term savings targets, and all of these numbers are detailed in our news release.  So on an overall basis adjusted operating profit grew nearly 7% in the first six months. That's at the high end of the range we have targeted for the year, despite significantly higher inflation than we expected coming into the year and a $30 million increase year-over-year in marketing spending.  Finally we delivered a 10% improvement in our adjusted earnings per share and that's ahead of our full-year target for mid to high single-digit growth. So all in all I'm pleased with our performance so far this year but I also know that we can do better.  We've continued to deliver on our commitments, our sales, adjusted earnings per share, cash flow provided by operations and adjusted return on invested capital all have shown solid improvement.  However, we still have work to do to restore margins in our Consumer Tissue and K-C Professional businesses, their margins have been hardest hit by inflation because they use a lot of fiber and a lot of pulp and waste paper. My goal is to make sure we build on our momentum in the short term while continuing to make the necessary changes that improve our competitive position for the long term.  That brings me to the outlook for the balance of the year. Based on our performance in the first half and our plans for the balance of the year we're raising our earnings guidance for the full year 2007. Specifically, we expect adjusted earnings per share for the year to be in a range of $4.20 to $4.25.  That includes approximately $0.03 per share benefit from the increased level of share repurchases in conjunction with the accelerated share repurchase program. This compares with our previous guidance for adjusted earnings per share of $4.10 to $4.20, and will result in growth of 8% to 9% versus the $3.90 per share we achieved in 2006.  We expect continued strong performance in Personal Care and in developing and emerging market. We're also looking for improved revenue realization in consumer tissue and K-C Professional from price increases that have been implemented or that are scheduled to be implemented shortly.  We have good innovation coming to market across our businesses, and that's supported by strong marketing plans to help drive our growth. We also expect further benefits from our cost savings programs. We believe that these plans will enable us to overcome inflationary pressure in what continues to be a challenging cost environment.  As for the third quarter, we expect adjusted earnings per share will be in a range of $1.04 to $1.06 per share and that includes a $0.01 per share benefit from the execution of the accelerated share repurchase program.  So to summarize we're on track for a very good year in 2007 with top and bottom line growth slated to come in ahead of our original plan. We're executing our global business plan well. We're delivering sustainable growth in sales and earnings. We're delivering improving returns in cash flow and we're deploying our cash in shareholder friendly ways.  We have been doing what we said we would do and we intend to continue meeting or beating our commitments. We believe we have the right strategies in place to create value for you our shareholders. And that's the bottom line objective of all of our efforts. With that, thank you for your interest today and now we'll be happy to begin to take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank. 
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Good morning. 
Tom Falk: Good morning, Bill. 
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Can you just give us some gross margin guidance for the back half of the year, kind of with prices -- it seems like you took a price increase, there is some pricing but also obviously pulp is much higher than you thought? 
Tom Falk: I think in the third quarter it is especially going to be difficult for us to make a lot of progress on gross margin given the outlook for fiber and that we're not really going to be realizing a lot of benefit from our strategic cost -- or from our selling price initiatives but I would expect to see perhaps a little bit of improvement in the fourth quarter. 
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay. How about the pricing calendar? What does that look like? 
Tom Falk: Well, we did some price realizations still coming in K-C professional. They had their price increase that went into effect in May so we didn't have a full quarter of that in the second quarter so we'll have the benefit of that in the back half.  We've got this price count or really a count reduction in Consumer Tissue. I wouldn't expect a lot of benefit from that in the third quarter but we should start to see some benefit in the fourth quarter. 
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Great. Thanks. This might sound random but there's some news release that some product was stolen from a factory from South Carolina. What was that? That was on E-Bay. Why was it such a big deal? 
Tom Falk: I don't know, Bill. You've stumped the CEO on that. I'm sure we'll figure that out though. Not heard of any significant casualty losses. Mark Buthman, is sitting here and he doesn't look like he knows, either. 
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So this incident reported that someone's filed with the Sheriff's Office that some product was stolen, a new product launch and was put on e-Bay and you guys are filing suit against them? 
Tom Falk: It's not big enough to get to my attention. 
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Thanks so much knew. 
Mark Buthman: Shoot us an e-mail, Bill. 
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Thanks, bye. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Hott with Bear Stearns. 
Justin Hott - Bear Stearns: First question, can you talk a little bit about what's going on with inventories this past quarter? 
Tom Falk: Yes, they're too high. So we're not satisfied with what our inventory progress is. You got a couple factors out there. So if you look at just the underlying cost inflation in fiber and so forth that's going to take inventories up. On the other hand it also takes payables up at the same time.  We've also got some inventory build going on for some product launch activity and some product restage activity in the second half. In a couple of cases we're -- our customer service, particularly in our healthcare area we were on allocation on gloves for part of the year so we have been rebuilding our inventory levels during the second quarter to get back in the normal customer service levels but that's an area of opportunity for us.  So while working capital year-over-year was a positive we're still not satisfied with where it's at, in particular in the area of inventory. 
Justin Hott - Bear Stearns: Okay. 
Mike Masseth: One other, Justin, one other seasonal factor there as well is we've built some inventory in Europe in tissue in advance of the normal third quarter shutdowns there. 
Justin Hott - Bear Stearns: Okay, thanks, Mike. Question on I guess the cost environment. Can you just update us on what you're thinking on some of your key costs right now and maybe hedging as well, too? 
Tom Falk: Yes, really the only thing that we hedge to any great extent is natural gas and we've got hedging in place through the back half of the year. I think we're in the 50% to 60% range, depending on the quarter that you'd look at. Maybe a bit higher than that in the upcoming third quarter. And then we have some hedges in place for the beginning part of '08.  On pulp, we're looking at Northern Soft, as the benchmark grade, looks like it's going to hang in there pretty close to where it's at. You may see a little weakening in the latter part of the year but from all the pulp producers that we have talked to the outlook is that pulp is going to remain strong in the second half of the year. May see some declines in early '08.  Secondary fiber as well because of huge demand from China. Secondary fiber prices in both North America and Europe are skyrocketing. That's been the rationale behind some of the price increases, weve been able to achieve in the K-C Professional market. Oil, obviously you guys have as much visibility of that as we do. I would say with this recent is run-up in oil that hasn't come through the supply chain yet so that's probably something we'll look to see if it sustains at $75 a barrel. That's a little bit higher than our forecast for the back half of the year.  And so we'll have some risk from that standpoint. On the other hand, currency is probably a potential positive for us. The weakness in the dollar generally helps us in these other markets report higher earnings. 
Justin Hott - Bear Stearns: Would it be fair to assume that the low 800s on pulp you covered on with your guidance? 
Tom Falk: Yes. 
Justin Hott - Bear Stearns: Okay. And one last question. Feminine care, obviously there's something going on with Playtex here with the recent announcement. In the past how do you view this as an opportunity or how do you plan for when there's a change, I guess, in the industry dynamics when there's another competitor entering? Basically what I'm really wondering is, what does your pipeline look like for the rest of the year and do you see any opportunities any sort of distortion opportunities here? 
Tom Falk: Playtex is really just in the tampon category. We're still a relatively small player in tampon category. They really line up more directly with Tampax and Proctor in that space. So I wouldn't say that I would see any major impact of Playtex going from being a small independent company to combining with Energizer here. 
Justin Hott - Bear Stearns: Thanks very much. 
Tom Falk: Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Lehman Brothers. 
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Thanks. Good morning. First, just to follow-up on Consumer Tissue, or tissue overall you talked about price increases in K-C Professional so the count reduction I'm assuming is North America what percent price increase does that equate to? 
Tom Falk: It really varies because it's only on one part of our Cottonelle line. There's some restaging in the category going on where one of our competitors is moving really out of the main line and will be positioning the bulk of their products in the super premium segment and then having a basic product as well, and so we're going to be taking a count reduction on our Cottonelle main line and our Aloe NE product in varying degrees, but not on our super premium.  So it's going to be a sheet count reduction. I think it's like low double-digit percent but it's only on a small part of our product line. Initially when you do that you wind up, customers still buy the same number of cases so you do have a little bit of volume impact when you implement it. It takes awhile for that to work its way through the system. 
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Beyond that does it feel to you right now like two things that the consumer could bear further price increases? Your cost situation would certainly justify it. Then also, if your competitors, more specifically Georgia Pacific, because of their integration if they look Ike they're trying to leverage that cost advantage right now, or if they're going to look to also get some help on their margins. 
Tom Falk: It would appear that early days are that not all of the competitors in the Consumer Tissue market have followed this most recent pricing initiative in the premium segment. We'll be looking to take some additional price increases in some markets around the world as we're able to get those and certainly when you look at the overall level of commodity pricing across our businesses, there could be an opportunity for price. It's just difficult to speculate on when that would happen from a competitive standpoint. 
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Then you just mentioned taking price in other markets. That was one thing that kind of jumped out to me in the press release. Was with D&E, both volume and pricing for Consumer Tissue. Can you just walk me through the decision to actually take pricing in those markets to give up, looks like give up some volume because it's rare to see certainly in your business volumes being anything but very, very positive in the D&E market. 
Tom Falk: In some cases it may be a capacity issue. It really depends on the market. Where we've got the ability to push price ahead we've been able to do that. In some cases it's mix where we're selling a better mix of products so we're upgrading from a main line to a super premium or improving the value equation there so we really are trying to drive revenue per extended unit because our overall tissue margins in D&E are still below the segment average. We've got an opportunity there to move those up. 
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: So is the way that you're thinking about the business then in D&E market that it is -- now you're in a mindset where it's -- the strategy is more about building dollar profit in emerging markets than establishing the brands and market share position for tissue? 
Tom Falk: Not necessarily. If you look at D&E in total, Personal Care has had a much more explosive growth rate and has had a bigger category penetration story. Bathroom tissue in many markets is pretty heavily penetrated. So the growth opportunity for tissue in D&E is to grow the facial tissue category and to grow the consumer towel category. So in a number of markets you would find our growth initiatives and brand building focused on penetrating in those higher growth categories but they're still relatively small compared to the overall bath tissue category outside North America and Europe. 
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then just one thing on FORCE. Your FORCE savings this is quarter were actually nearly double what we were looking for. I'm surprised you're not raising your overall cost savings expectations for the year just given your cost inflation, the change in guidance, and how much overage there was in FORCE this quarter. Is there flexibility in that number? Is it actually going higher but you just haven't done that usual updated plannings assumption sheet? 
Tom Falk: If you look at our cost savings across both FORCE and our competitive improvement initiatives I think we're at $130 plus million so far year to date and we've got a $200 million to $250 million annual target. And so, we would say we're tracking at or slightly ahead of where we would have expected to be. There may be a little bit of upside there but we know we've got some risk on the overall commodity price front as well. So we're going to need it, I think. 
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: That's what I'm saying. I think would you need more, given the cost inflation. 
Tom Falk: We're not turning aside any good cost reduction programs. I think the other point to keep in mind though, Lauren, is that if you remember last year we weren't very happy with our FORCE program in the second quarter. We didn't have a very good operating quarter in the second quarter. So we had much stronger savings in the back half of the year as operations improved, and so part of it is the comparisons in the second quarter should have given us good FORCE savings. 
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Ive got it. Okay. Thank you so much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Dibadj from Sanford Bernstein. 
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Hey its Ali Dibadj from Bernstein. Just want to get underneath your Consumer Tissue business a little more, particularly on margins. Looks like they were lower than in recent history, below 11%. Whether intentional or not it looks like you may have benefited from volume not growing as fast in the developing emerging mark on tissue but yet your margins have come down. Is that all because of pulp prices or are there other things in there like early closures or marketing spend increases, anything like that? 
Tom Falk: I would say both -- the two biggest factors in the Consumer Tissue results would be higher fiber price for both pulp and in some cases all a bit of secondary fiber. And then weve also increased marketing spending in Consumer Tissue and that's behind some of the faster volume growth that you saw in the developed markets. 
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: And how much more would that spending be towards the D&E versus the U.S. markets or the U.K. markets? 
Tom Falk: I don't have the detail right in front of me. 
Mark Buthman: It's actually more in developed markets this quarter in tissue, and there's more marketing spending in developing D&E markets in Personal Care. 
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. So try to manage the negative margin mix you get if youre growing tissue in the emerging mark more, is that right? 
Tom Falk: I think it has more to do with the timing of innovation. We've had a lot of other activity going in North America behind various product launches, and that's where we've put additional spending this year. And we've had lot more Personal Care launches in D&E and that's where the spending has gone there.  So, it's, but its not as much about maintaining strategic a mix, as it is executing the plan that we have laid out for the year. 
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Just switching gears on healthcare business, just try and get underneath that a little bit as well. Just first give us a sense of the supply constraints and how much time we should expect for the resolution of that issue. Secondarily, on just the pure margins number, does it look like theyve improved very much, particularly for getting rid of the lower margin latex businesses that you talked about last call, and certainly on this call as well?  And then thirdly; just understanding around pricing, how come that's still flat. I kind of would expect that to go up. 
Tom Falk: Yeah, in healthcare, we were on allocation on exam gloves until sometime, early to mid second quarter. And so, once you're off allocation it takes a while to rebuild momentum in the marketplace. And so, we would expect to see momentum improve in the third and fourth quarter, as customers are confident that we can supply what they need on that front.  On the cost front, we have seen the benefit of exiting latex, but on the other side most of our glove manufacturing operations are in Thailand, and the strength of the Thai bath has been a mitigating factor on some of the cost progress that weve. Obviously, the volume decline also has a fixed cost absorption aspect to that hurts your margin structure.  And on the price front, you're seeing some small improvements in mix year-to-date which is really where most of that is happening. But it's been overwhelmed by the size of the move in the glove category. 
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. And that's very helpful. One last question, just around tying bits and pieces of what we've heard from other folks, even from Kimberly-Clark to Mexico on Friday. It looks like particularly around consumer tissue in D&E, and it looks like your results suggest this as well, volume has typically been lower than expected.  It certainly was so in Mexico. Sounds like from your numbers again, it seems to be so as well. Is that a blip? Is there anything going on that we're not aware of or that we haven't heard of? How do you guys think that is? Is that a sustainable problem so to speak, or is that just a one-time thing to think about? 
Tom Falk: Well, Ali, consumers need bathroom tissue pretty regularly so it is one that that category tends to be fairly stable. But perhaps as you look at the other more discretionary purchase items like towels and facial, you will see some of that can be affected by economics, but there's really nothing that we've seen going on, on that front, that would be a -- what would you call a trend at this stage. 
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks a lot, guys. Very helpful. 
Tom Falk: Thanks, Ali. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Ferrara with Merrill Lynch. 
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Hey, guys, sorry if you already pulled this together, but I'm just trying to understand, so the guidance for the back half of the year in EPS, it's coming up more than just the accretion from the share buyback and the beat this quarter. Is that because you see higher raw material costs that you had expected, but you expect cost savings to be better than you had originally expected by an even greater magnitude? 
Mark Buthman: The overall as we laid out the guidance for the beginning of the year, $4.10 to $4.20, we're ahead of our plan. Then you would add the accelerated share repurchase on top of that. That really how we got into the $4.20 to $4.25 range. So we're confident with where we are relative to the plan. We believe we've got good plans in place to deliver on that range in the back half of the year. So I think really what we're seeing is our volume is ahead of our expectations, and that that's providing enough profit to cover some of the higher costs that we're seeing, volumes in the back half of the year. We will get some pricing to help with that as well, but really it's been the solid top line that's been the source of our confidence in our guidance for the full year. 
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: I guess -- okay. Then back to the cost savings side though. So FORCE is not ahead of your -- is it true that -- is FORCE ahead but strategic savings a little bit behind, and in total they're a little bit ahead? Is that right? 
Tom Falk: If you look at FORCE in the second quarter, to Mike's earlier comments, we had an easy comp last year because we had a pretty lousy productivity quarter. If you look at it, for the first six months we're probably slightly ahead on FORCE and on track with competitive improvement initiatives. We'd expect to be there in total for the full year in the earning range that we talked about. 
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Got it. Then just one other on a different note, your leverage and where you're taking it following buyback, do you plan to sustain your leverage at that level or is it something where you would ultimately pay back down over time? 
Tom Falk: No, we would expect to sustain the leverage at this new level going forward. 
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: So do you have a target leverage ratio that you guys are working with right now and should we assume that where you will get to, that's what your target is? 
Tom Falk: We obviously looked at what we thought was appropriate to run the Company going forward. We were probably a step above most of our consumer package goods peers so this will probably move us down one step. Obviously the rating agencies will decide that ultimately, but that was our intention was to move us to more into the mainstream of where our consumer packaged goods peers are rated going forward. 
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Thanks a lot. 
Tom Falk: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Linda Bolton with Oppenheimer. 
Linda Bolton - Oppenheimer: Thank you. I was just curious if there's anything unusual in the Corporate expense line. It looks a little large even when you adjust for the restructuring charges. Is there anything unusual in there? 
Tom Falk: You talking about the unallocated? 
Linda Bolton - Oppenheimer: Yes. 
Tom Falk: Mike can give you some color on that. 
Mike Masseth: I think there are some additional expenses typically in the second quarter for compensation expense when -- because options are issued in April, so that boosts the expense in the second quarter a little bit. And there may be a couple of things in there that might not recur but not a whole lot. 
Linda Bolton - Oppenheimer: Okay. And on the bath tissue business, I think when you were talking about the North American business you had mentioned that there was some innovation coming that would have some related price increases. Can you clarify if that's separate from the sheet count reductions, or is the sheet count reductions sort of part of that increase that goes along with the innovation? 
Mike Masseth: The latter. The sheet count reduction is the price increase. That would be a part of that innovation. 
Linda Bolton - Oppenheimer: Okay. All right. 
Mike Masseth: There's no list price change that's going to be effective through a sheet count reduction. 
Tom Falk: It comes with a nice softness improvement on Cottonelle. 
Linda Bolton - Oppenheimer: I got you. Then I'm just adding up your cost increases, 55 plus 25, is the remaining $5 million related to higher energy and distribution costs? 
Tom Falk: Yes. 
Linda Bolton - Oppenheimer: Okay. And just in terms of your synthetic tax shelter, synthetic fuel thing, it was a benefit of, I believe, $0.04 per share last year and it it looks like the average oil price is trending to be roughly the same if it stays where it is for '07 versus '06. So I'm wondering about your guidance for the year of $0.05 to $0.10 benefit from that. How does that work out? 
Tom Falk: I'll let Mark answer that one. 
Mark Buthman: Our guidance for the year was $0.5 to $010. We seem to be tracking right on that pace. If you remember early last year, oil price was significantly higher and some of these producers actually shut down production which obviously limited credit. So the dynamic this year is a little different than last year. 
Tom Falk: We have two of these partnerships and one of them wasn't operating for most of the first half of the year last year. 
Mark Buthman: So for the third quarter we're expecting another $0.02 a share benefit, relative to year ago. 
Linda Bolton - Oppenheimer: Okay. So, I mean, we're seeing high oil prices here right now so why wouldn't that also cause them to shut down production this year as last year? 
Tom Falk: Because it's the average oil price for the whole year, and there's enough months in at a lower price that they're confident that the average for the year will not result in a phase-out. 
Mark Buthman: Right. 
Tom Falk: But you're getting to the limit of my understanding of this, so hopefully Mark will have more detail if you need it. 
Mark Buthman: That was a very good response, Tom. 
Linda Bolton - Oppenheimer: Okay. And just one final thing on these additional implementation costs that you quantify, can you just remind us, has there been any guidance on how much that will be for the full year and will those extend into '08? 
Tom Falk: We would not expect those to extend into '08, and we have provided guidance on the amounts and... 
Mike Masseth: It's on the last page of the news release, Linda. It should be $0.04 for the year. There's a little bit that trails into the third quarter this year, but that's it. 
Mark Buthman: We're largely through those. 
Linda Bolton - Oppenheimer: Okay. Great. Thank you. 
Tom Falk: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Amy Chasen with Goldman Sachs. 
Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs: Just a follow-up on the share repurchase. First of all, once you do the ASR, when we think about '08, '09, will you go back to your normal buying back 2 to 3% of the shares outstanding each year? 
Tom Falk: That would be our expectation. We will give you more specific guidance on '08 but this will be in addition to our normal share repurchases. 
Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Great. And what type of rate should we assume, interest rate, on the higher debt level, both for '07 and '08? I'm assuming it will be a little bit different, since you're taking on some short-term debt, but it's only temporary. 
Mark Buthman: Yeah. I think treasuries today, Amy, are 5% or a little below and we'd pay a normal spread for the rating. We get coming out of the agency review today or tomorrow probably. So, you can sort of do the math. 
Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs: Do you guys have like a preliminary number that you're thinking about? 
Tom Falk: Amy, not that we're going to disclose on the conference call. 
Mark Buthman: Right. 
Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Okay. And can you also describe, in the press release, its said that there's an agreement with B of A, where they might make some price adjustments to you or vice versa, how does that work? Is that a hedging arrangement or what? 
Mark Buthman: You should just think about this as we get the benefits from an earnings standpoint of the shares up-front, and then we settle up as if we had bought the shares at the end. So, it's sort of a dollar cost averaging arrangement. 
Tom Falk: Pretty typical, the way that most of these programs run, where you get the economy benefit up-front and then you settle up with whatever the pricing is at the end. 
Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs: Okay. All right. Last but not least, just on the Personal Care margins, do you think that Personal Care margins can stay at these levels or even go higher? 
Tom Falk: Momentum is pretty good right now. And there's lots of innovation still coming and we feel very good about baby and child care businesses. Theyve got great momentum, really around the world, and have got some good innovation coming, particularly in our GoodNites business in the third quarter. That will be exciting to see how that plays out. So yeah, we're pretty bullish on Personal Care right now. 
Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs: Do you think that margins can move higher over time? 
Tom Falk: Well, we'd like to see that. We're certainly not going to slow them down. We're just making sure we're investing at the right level to grow the category the way we want to grow it over time. 
Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Faucher with J.P. Morgan. 
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan: A couple of accounting related questions here. As I look at your depreciation and amortization expense for the year, year to date it's down about $60 million is some of that due to cycling against accelerated depreciation charges? And if so, if we pull out the charges go with the sort of normalized earnings can you tell us what depreciation is down year-over-year and how much -- how is that going to track and where does that fit in in terms of your overall cost save estimates? Thanks. 
Tom Falk: Some of that depreciation is related to accelerated depreciation on our restructuring, our run rate for the quarter, normal depreciation would be, John, in the 180 to 190 per quarter area. 
Mark Buthman: Just shy of $800 million for a full year is a good rule of thumb. 
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan: Is that -- I assume since you're taking accelerated depreciation charges that that is down year-over-year. Can you give us an idea, again, excluding charges, the order of magnitude how much that's down? 
Tom Falk: That would account for the whole decline in the depreciation and amortization. 
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan: So the entire $60 million down year-over-year, that's a clean number? There's no accelerated depreciation charges in the previous ones that you pulled out of the non-GAAP earnings then? 
Tom Falk: I'm not sure I follow the question. The depreciation would include charges that would be adjusted out, okay, because they're not adjusted out of the cash flow statement. 
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan: If you adjusted last year's depreciation, so normalized depreciation, excluding the charges in the last year, and then compare it to this year, how much is the actual depreciation down? I'm trying to get sort of a normal run rate on depreciation excluding the accelerated depreciation charges in the year ago numbers. 
Tom Falk: I haven't done the math but my guess is it would be pretty similar because our asset base is up slightly from capital pending. 
Mike Masseth: You can find those disclosures actually, in the annual report, John. There's a break out of the -- in the charges of how much is from accelerated depreciation. 
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Todd Duvick with Banc of America. 
Todd Duvick - Banc of America Securities: Good morning. 
Tom Falk: Hello, Todd. 
Todd Duvick - Banc of America Securities: I wanted to ask a couple questions from a fixed income standpoint and actually you've talked quite a bit about it already but with respect to the share repurchase program, obviously the accelerated repurchase this year but beyond that you've got $50 million shares authorization that you indicated in the press release you are going to execute over the next several years, and given your free cash flow it just seems like that could be modestly leveraging. My question is that your intent or as you said do you just intend for leverage to kind of remain where it is this year? 
Tom Falk: No, we would expect that our leverage would be -- would be reset to this new level and that we would basically maintain it at that level, subject to normal growth of the business. 
Todd Duvick - Banc of America Securities: Okay. All right. Fair enough. And as you think about your optimal capital structure, what metrics or guidelines can you point to that indicate your comfort level? Because you have been a AA-rated company for about the past decade. 
Tom Falk: Or longer, probably. We tend to look at the typical ones that the rating agencies look at. We look at funds from operation to total debt, that interest coverage are the two primary ones that we spend the most time on. Probably don't look as much at debt to capital anymore just because of the impact of share repurchases on shareholder equity. 
Todd Duvick - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Finally, can you just give us a sense as to your acquisition appetite? Do you primarily look for strategic bolt-on activities or would you also consider a larger acquisition? 
Tom Falk: We've not -- we made our global business plan, major acquisitions are not an important part of our strategy. We would look at bolt-on acquisitions, and areas where it would align with the growth opportunities in our business. So we've done a small amount of that in healthcare, we'd continue to look at opportunities there and as well as for some aspects of our other businesses around the world. We'd also tell you though, that in private equity driven environment it's hard to find deals that are priced at a level that will yield shareholder value. Continue to look and if we found one we certainly wouldn't be hesitant to go forward. 
Todd Duvick - Banc of America Securities: Very good. Thank you. 
Tom Falk: Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS. 
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Thank you. Returning to Consumer Tissue can you talk about how, I guess the overall market growth here in North America you were up 7% but how does that compare to the overall market? I guess the same question on Europe. You were down 1%. Can you give a sense of, one, how much of that was related to the facility closures, and two, how that compares to the overall market? 
Tom Falk: In Consumer Tissue growth typically in developed markets tends to grow at roughly a rate of population. So you will see a 2 to 3% kind of typical long-term growth rate in North America and maybe a little bit lower than that in Europe. Some other category dynamics in Europe in particular, our branded volume was up slightly in the quarter so the -- so while we were down 1% overall in volume it was really a function of some of the business that we exited from sale of facilities. So as you look at our growth in North America we took share in virtually every category and -- in the period and so we feel good about that. 
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay. And then you talked about price increases in the U.S. What is the outlook for Consumer Tissue pricing in Europe? 
Tom Falk: We get some price in the U.K. on Andrex early in the year. Depending on the country there's some opportunity for price coming later in the year. Those have been announced or are in the process of being discussed with customers. So we'll see. There are other market where pricing has been tougher like Germany. Another factor in Europe is the strength of the European currency relative to the dollar and the fact that a lot of pulp is bought and sold in dollars. They are not necessarily feeling the same sense of urgency from a fiber cost standpoint that we would be in North America. 
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay. And just in terms of the new tissue machine that just started up are there any kind of incremental start-up costs that we should be modeling in for the second half of the year? 
Tom Falk: There will be some start-up costs on that, predominantly in the third quarter although the start-up of one of those machines does take an extended period of time. We got that factored into our guidance for the year and believe that will be manageable. 
Gail Glazerman - UBS: In terms of the $85 million of cost inflation in the quarter can you give any sense of how that was broken out amongst the segments? 
Tom Falk: Well, the $55 million of fiber, a good chunk of that is going to be in Consumer Tissue although part of that would also relate to K-C Professional. If you look at pulp prices about $30 million was in consumer Tissue, about $20 million was in K-C Professional from a fiber standpoint. Saw a little bit of fiber price also affected personal care because we buy rolled fluff there. That's probably about $10 million. If you look at distribution costs, it's pretty evenly split across the segments. So if that gives you any color on it. 
Gail Glazerman - UBS: That's great. And final question, Mike, I don't know if you want to do this off-line, but can you run through some market share trends in the quarter? 
Mike Masseth: We can do that off-line. I think, Gail. 
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Thanks very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Alec Patterson with RCM. 
Alec Patterson - RCM: Yes, good morning. I just was looking for a little perspective on how you're seeing trends evolve on a channel basis. In particular, the Q2 Nielsen IRI type trends were decidedly weak and obviously your North American results look like they're averaging maybe around 4 or 5% volumes, maybe a slight plus on net price mix. Above what those Nielsen IRI trends were saying. Any insight into what you're seeing on a channel basis that would maybe explain that differential? Differential opening up more than it has in a while? 
Tom Falk: Well, we obviously continue to do very well in the nonmeasured channels. So as you look at all of the customers in that space with Wal-Mart, Costco, the Dollar stores, et cetera, those are -- have been great growth opportunities for us and for lots of CPG suppliers. So, momentum continues to be good. We are absolutely continuing to drive our business with all of those measured channels as well, but we've seen good growth momentum in the non-measured. 
Alec Patterson - RCM: I guess I'm speaking more specifically to recent trends, because there's always been a gap between measured and non-measured but recently it seems like it's really opened up, and particular the measured channels seem to have slowed down. So I'm just wondering did you see a fair amount of channel shift occur recently, and were there any particular drivers behind that, that you are aware of? 
Tom Falk: No, nothing that comes to mind. It seems -- to be honest, we spend less time looking at the Nielsen data and are really trying to develop a more global picture of our business looking at all the channels and are really trying to drive it with each individual customer. So we haven't seen anything that I would say is a significant trend, and that's different than the way it's been trending. 
Alec Patterson - RCM: Maybe just a different way to tackle that, do you know roughly your percent of North American business that is in non measured channels, the consumer business? 
Tom Falk: I would be guessing. 
Mike Masseth: It really varies by category, Alec, and when you get into categories like infant care and childcare, and baby wipes, you're probably up to about 60% in nonmeasured channels. In tissue it it would tend to be in the 40 to 50% range. 
Alec Patterson - RCM: That's very helpful. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Gere with A.G. Edwards. 
Jason Gere  A.G. Edwards: Good morning. Can you just talk a little bit about the marketing spending? I know it's early in the process with what Tony has been doing but can you talk about maybe some of the analytics that you have been trying to analyze, the returns on the marketing spending, how much do you I guess expect that the marketing spending contributed to the stronger organic sales that you saw in the quarter? 
Tom Falk: Yes, I mean, I would say our brand teams have had these plans in place for sometime to increase our marketing spending, really going back to the original global business plan that we announced several years ago and so we've always had the plan to improve that. I would say it's very early days on getting metrics in place and really using it to leverage our spending. So as we get better at that, I think we've just got more upside going forward. So I think the good news is we're spending about what we thought we would spend this year going into the year and we're getting more for it, which is great. 
Jason Gere - A.G. Edwards: Okay. And then just going back to the pricing, I mean, it sounds like the sheet count reduction is really kind of it for this year. At would point do I guess do you kind of go back and say we have to look at our margins, we have to take a little bit more pricing?  I know you have some stuff for KCP but when you look at the Consumer Tissue at 10% margins, the sheet count reduction I guess just adds a little bit, but I guess where is kind of that sweet spot where you think maybe we have to go back to list price changes or go to additional SKUs and do a little bit more of what you're starting to do now? 
Tom Falk: I think pricing is always about expectations, and pulp at a 10-year high, everybody's kind of expecting it to go down, and if those expectations change I think then you will start to see some pricing in the marketplace. So the longer it stays at this level, I think the more you will see various competitors, including us, thinking about what their cost structure is and what their margin structure needs to be.  We'll just have to watch and see. I'd say I'd be watching what pulp price forecast looks likes and that that's going to be the best indicator of what competitors in the marketplace might be thinking about from a price standpoint. 
Jason Gere - A.G. Edwards: Then just on the European Consumer Tissue, can you talk a little bit more about the competitive landscape in terms of private label and what you're seeing out there, I guess over the last few quarters sequentially your volumes are going in the right direction but can you just kind of give a little bit more clarity on how you look at it over maybe the next 6 to 12 months? 
Tom Falk: Yes, private label continues to be the toughest competitor in the European market, bar none. Virtually every category they've got 40 or 50 share in the major markets. And so clearly they have built a strong position and consumers believe they get acceptable value from that. So our job is to bring them a better value equation.  Where we've got opportunities in driving improved performance bath initiatives and driving improved facial tissue initiatives we're absolutely taking advantage of that to deliver better value and get more revenue for it it so it's one that obviously we continue to watch and continue to focus on. 
Jason Gere - A.G. Edwards: Lastly can you quantify the impact on -- I know the volumes were slightly negative but because of shedding the low-margin business what was the impact there? Can you quantify that? 
Tom Falk: The impact of the -- shedding of the low-margin business? 
Jason Gere - A.G. Edwards: Yes. You said that the volumes were slightly negative. 
Tom Falk: Our branded volumes were up slightly and our overall volumes were down slightly, and so some of it was pretty marginal contribution tonnage that we exited with those mills. 
Jason Gere - A.G. Edwards: Okay, great, thank you. 
Tom Falk: Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon with Citi. 
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Good morning. 
Tom Falk: Good morning, Chip. 
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Quick question on the syn fuels. Do I understand that that actually ends in the third quarter and does not extend until the end of the year? 
Tom Falk: No, I think it ends at the end of the year as far as I know. 
Mike Masseth: The calendar year. 
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Then it's gone beyond '07. 
Tom Falk: Correct. 
Mike Masseth: Right. 
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Okay. And then looking at the tissue results, and you guys just did a fantastic job with your quarter when you go back and look at Consumer Tissue. I can't find a number as low as 169 at least going back to 2000 in any quarter and as you look at that level, how concerned are you in the U.S. versus Europe?  In other words, I know that in the U.S. you do have some competitors that are less impacted by pulp prices and some that are equally impacted but in Europe it seems like everyone is impacted equally. Are we seeing better pricing and better margins I guess in Europe than we are in the U.S.? I know normally it's the other way around. 
Tom Falk: No, I would say in the U.S., in general, the market seems to be behaving rationally at this point. So obviously we'll wait and see how that plays out as fiber continues to stay where it is. In Europe as I mentioned earlier because, the -- they're buying pulp in dollars and the euro and the sterling has appreciated pretty substantially you're not seeing, perhaps, as great a sense of urgency to take price.  You also had some pretty big spikes in energy last year in electricity rates, in particular in Europe that have come back down a bit so they're actually getting a bit of an energy offset in Europe that you wouldn't see in the U.S. market per se. 
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: So that does mean their margins in some countries might actually be better than what we're seeing here now? 
Tom Falk: I mean, overall, Europe's tissue margins are still slightly below the segment average. And the U.S. would be above the segment average. 
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: And then shifting gears, just looking at Brazil and all of South America, how happy are you with that experience versus your plan and the same for China specifically? 
Tom Falk: You talking about Brazil in total or are you just talking about tissue? 
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Brazil in total and China in total. 
Tom Falk: Yes, I mean, the brickette market is continuing to go very, very well. And Brazil, really the strength has been on the personal care front where we have seen great progress in our diaper and fem care businesses and are very happy with the progress there. Still got work to do on tissue in Brazil, but we're not where we want to be from a profit standpoint. We've got some of our competitive improvement initiatives.  Plans are playing out there. And we would expect to see some improvement in profitability in the second half of the year from Brazil. And China is growing great guns. We've got a lot of momentum in key markets behind our Personal Care business in particular, and really see a great future there for our businesses in China. And then last question, Tom. As we can see sort of the end of the strategic initiatives a little over a year from now, and given the releveraging of the balance sheet, is there any change in sort of these long-term goals that we should think about beyond '08 that is mid to upper single digit earnings for share growth and upper single to lower double-digit dividend per share growth each year?  No, I think that at least for the near term, as we've talked the next several years, our top line and bottom line goals are the same, and we want to make sure we translate that into shareholder value through dividend increases and share repurchases. 
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Okay. Then lastly this is for Mark, the strategic initiative savings, I think they were $16 million in the quarter what are they cumulatively at this point? 
Mark Buthman: They're $49 million year-to-date, and 170. 
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: 170 all in. Got you. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from April Scee with Banc of America Securities. 
April Scee - Banc of America Securities: Just a quick question on the 2007 guidance. When we think about '07 guidance do your numbers assume that top line grows 3 to 5% for the back half or that it continues to exceed your long term estimates? Then on a related question are we already seeing the top line impact of the higher marketing spend and the more focused marketing or should we expect that top line momentum could actually get better from here? Thanks a lot. 
Tom Falk: I'd say in the second half of the year you would expect to see top line above our 3 to 5% goal but probably still somewhat short of the 8% that we have averaged in the first half. So I think we're already -- we got great momentum, we expect that to continue growing. We'd expect to see some currency benefit in the back half of the year as well if rates continue to stay where they are.  On the marketing spend front, we are investing in our brands, we are doing it intelligently behind the right growth opportunities. But we're really just beginning to leverage our improved marketing capability and I believe we've got a lot of opportunity to continue to share best practices and to leverage a scale that we have got behind our brands around the world. 
April Scee - Banc of America Securities: Thank you. 
Tom Falk: Thanks, April. 
Operator: At this time there are no further questions. 
Mike Masseth: Okay, David, I think we will wrap up, then, if there are no further questions. I will just ask Tom to add his parting comments. 
Tom Falk: Solid quarter, we've got great momentum for the first half. We've got a great plan to increase our leverage and do that in a way that is shareholder friendly. So we once again appreciate your support of Kimberly-Clark. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, you may disconnect at this time.
