===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-16 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I'll now turn the call over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. Thank you. You may begin.
Rich Kinder: Thank you, Ted. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you as we always do that that KMI's earnings release today and this call include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosures on forward-looking statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release as well as review our latest filings with the SEC for important material assumptions, expectations and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking statements. On several of these investor calls, I've expressed my view and that of other leaders and experts in our industry about the potential for extraordinary growth in the demand for natural gas in America and abroad. This optimistic view of the market and its favorable impact on the growth and prosperity of midstream energy companies like Kinder Morgan was embraced during the last year or so by significant number of investors and analysts. That view seemed to accelerate with the perceived opportunity for natural gas to fuel AI and data centers. Recently, that optimistic view has been questioned by some on a couple of different grounds. First, in the aftermath of the DeepSeek announcement, it seemed to some critics that growth in gas demand for data centers and electric power in general was too optimistic. Secondly, the announcement of expanded tariffs by the Trump administration inspired others to question whether this would result in less demand for US LNG, thereby reducing the amount of feedgas required in this country. Let me try to put all of this in perspective by detailing how we view the drivers of natural gas demand growth over the rest of this decade. Let's start with some history as prologue to the future. In 2005, US demand for natural gas was approximately 60 Bcf a day. In 2024, that demand was almost 109 Bcf a day, an increase of roughly 80%. That's pretty astounding growth over that 20-year span. Now let's look at the future growth between now and the end of this decade with all due deference to Mark Twain's famous quip that making predictions is very difficult, especially if they concern the future. Most estimates of growth between now and 2030 range between 20 Bcf and 28 Bcf a day and our internal projections also fall in that range. The overwhelming driver of that growth is increased LNG export demand. We estimate that growth to be somewhere around 16 Bcf a day with the great bulk of that coming from facilities already under construction or that have been FID. To FID a project means it is supported by long-term contracts with creditworthy entities, otherwise, these facilities simply could not be financed. I might add parenthetically that our contracts with LNG export facilities are also supported by long-term contracts. But notwithstanding those facts, the naysayers argue that a trade war with China will lead to a diminution in need for US LNG. In response, let me mention two countervailing factors. First, China has not imported any US LNG since February and yet feedgas demand is setting records, averaging 15.5 Bcf a day in the first quarter and approaching 17 Bcf a day on several recent days. Secondly, our view is that any loss of the Chinese market will be more than offset by the efforts of governments in the EU and Asia to increase the imports of U.S. LNG to reduce trade imbalances and put themselves in a better negotiating position with regard to U.S. tariffs. South Korea and Indonesia, for example, are already in specific discussions on that strategy. And regarding the EU, we believe Europe's apparent and off stated reluctance to ever again allow Russia to be the dominant supplier of natural gas to Europe will obviously increase its use of U.S. LNG. Based on all these factors, we remain very bullish on growth in U.S. LNG exports. Now in addition to growth in LNG feedgas demand, we see nice upticks in exports to Mexico, power demand driven in part by the surge in AI and data centers and residential commercial use. Anecdotally, the new projects we have announced at Kinder Morgan over the last couple of quarters are supported in large part by long-term contracts with utilities in the Southeastern U.S., an indication of the need for more gas to feed electric generation. The point of all this detail is to put into perspective the drivers of demand for the product we transport so that any intelligent investor can make a reasoned assessment of the natural gas market for the rest of this decade and not be whipsawed by the perceived ups and downs of just one or two facets of the growth story. In truth, that growth is supported, we believe, by an array of factors that reflect the strength of natural gas as an important source of energy for years to come. And with that, I'll turn it over to Kim.
Kimberly Allen Dang: Okay. Thanks, Rich. We had a good quarter. The financial results, which David will take you through are essentially in line with our expectations. For the year, we currently expect to exceed budget by at least the contribution from the outright -- Outrigger acquisition. Our natural gas performance versus budget is very strong. In the first quarter, we saw record natural gas demand with demand in the market growing by 6.8 billion cubic feet a day, driven by 10% increase in residential and commercial demand and a 15% increase in LNG demand. Future natural gas fundamentals continue to be strong with demand expected to grow between now and 2030, as Rich just took you through. And I would add that even if a portion of the roughly $7 trillion in new U.S. investment the administration has announced occurs, we believe that would drive demand that is not currently captured in projection. During the quarter, we added approximately $900 million to our project backlog, taking the backlog to $8.8 billion after adjusting for the projects placed in service. Of the $900 million, over 70% is primarily focused on serving power demand. The largest project bridge is a $430 million extension of our Elba Express pipeline supported by a 30-year contract. It will deliver about 325 million cubic feet a day into South Carolina to primarily serve increased power demand and is easily expandable to over a Bcf a day. Of course, there's been a lot of attention paid to tariffs. At this point, we did not believe that the tariffs will have a significant impact on project economics. For our new large projects, Mississippi Crossing, South System Expansion 4, Trident, GCX and Bridge that together comprise approximately two thirds of our backlog, we currently estimate the impact of tariffs to be roughly 1% of project costs. We've worked to mitigate the potential impact by preordering certain equipment, negotiating caps on tariff impacts and securing domestic steel and mill capacity. For these projects, we've locked in the cost of the finished steel pipe and less than 10% is exposed to tariffs. In addition to the extent we get some permitting relief, there may be the opportunity to bring these projects or portions of the project in service earlier than planned, helping to offset any impact of tariffs. From an operations perspective, we're still in the process of evaluating the impact of tariffs. We don't expect it to be material to 2025, but the uncertainty of tariffs along with commodity prices did cause us to be a little bit more conservative in communicating our outlook for the year at this point. During the quarter, we closed on the previously announced $640 million acquisition of the Bakken gathering and processing system, which nicely complements our existing assets in that basement. When you look at the results for the quarter, there isn't much impact from this acquisition given that we only owned it for 45 days and all the transaction costs were expensed in the quarter. But it is performing in line with our expectations. Despite the volatility in the market, we have a very resilient business. Almost two thirds of the EBITDA is generated from take-or-pay contracts. Roughly 30% is fee based or hedged with only 5% of our EBITDA exposed to commodity prices. We expect to continue to generate nice cash flow and fund our attractive backlog of projects, which are substantially backed by long-term contracts from creditworthy entities while maintaining a strong balance sheet. Finally, on management succession, Tom Martin has announced his intention to retire in January 2026, at which time he will assume an advisory role to the Board of Directors and to the office of the Chairman. In that role, he will continue to help the company execute on our tremendous backlog of natural gas projects. At that time, Dax Sanders, who many of you already know, will succeed Tom as President. Dax is currently President of Products -- of the Products Business segment and has a thorough understanding of the company, having been here for approximately 23 years and served in a variety of different roles. Tom and Dax will start the transition process in August, at which time Mike Garthwaite will become President of Products Pipeline. This is the plan we contemplated and prepared for in our succession planning. And with that, I'll turn it over to Tom to give you more details on the business performance for the quarter.
Tom Martin: Thanks, Kim. Starting with the natural gas business unit, transport volumes were up 3% in the quarter versus the first quarter of 2024 with new peak day volume records set on four of our five largest pipeline systems due to the confluence of all the major demand drivers that is residential, commercial, power and LNG during prolonged cold weather in our major market areas in Texas, Louisiana, the Midwest and the East. Natural gas gathering volumes were down 6% in the quarter compared to the first quarter of 2024, driven primarily by lower Haynesville production. Sequential total gathering volumes were down 2%. Our producer customers are still ramping back up after the lower gas prices in Q2 through Q4 of 2024. For the full year, we expect our gathering volumes to average 5% above 2024, but 2% below our 2025 budget. We anticipate gathering volumes will grow over the balance of 2025 given the higher price environment, producer conversations and plans and the need for increased production to meet storage refill demand and LNG demand growth that is ramping-up throughout the year. Looking forward, we continue to see significant incremental project opportunities across our natural gas pipeline network to expand our transport and storage capabilities in support of the growing natural gas market. In our Product Pipeline segment, refined products volumes were up 2%, crude and condensate volumes were up 4% in the quarter compared to the first quarter of 2024. For the full year 2025, refined product volumes are forecasted to be up about 2% higher than 2024, but flat with budget. In March 2025, KMI placed its approximately $17 million Florida jet fuel expansion project into service to enhance jet fuel deliveries to the Orlando, Florida market. The expansion creates a continuous jet fuel system that increases pipeline transportation capacity into the Orlando International Airport, providing a faster return-to-service solution following hurricane-related power outages. The project is fully contracted with 10-year commitments from the Orlando Airline Consortium. In our Terminals business segment, our liquids lease capacity remains high at 94%. The refining cracks and blending margins have softened, they remain supportive of strong rate and utilization at our key hubs at the Houston Ship Channel in New York Harbor. Our Jones Act tanker fleet is fully leased today, 97% leased through 2025 and 94% leased through 2026, assuming likely options are exercised. We have opportunistically chartered a significant percentage of the fleet at higher market rate and extended the average length of firm contract commitments to four years. The CO2 segment experienced slightly lower oil production volumes about 1%, 5% higher NGL volumes and 7% lower CO2 volumes in the quarter versus the first-quarter of 2024. For the full year 2025, oil volumes are forecasted to be 1% below 2024, but 2% above budget. In March 2025, KMI placed its Autumn Hills RNG facility into service. The plant's capacity of 0.8 Bcf of RNG annually now brings KMI's total RNG capacity up to 6.9 Bcf per year. With that, I'll turn it over to David Michels.
David Michels: All right. Thank you, Tom. For the quarter, we are declaring a dividend of $0.2925 per share, which is $1.17 per share annualized and 2% up from last year's dividend. During the first-quarter, we generated net income attributable to KMI of $717 million, down 4% from the first quarter of last year. We generated EPS of $0.32, down $0.01 from last year. Much of that decline is attributable to unfavorable mark-to-market on hedges that have not yet settled and we treat as certain items. On an adjusted net income basis, which excludes those certain items, we generated $766 million and adjusted EPS of $0.34, up 1% and flat from last year, respectively. This quarter growth was driven by greater contributions from our natural gas terminals and CO2 businesses. Our main growth drivers were contributions from our Texas Intrastate natural gas system, attractive capacity sales and park and loan services on our interstate natural gas assets, greater renewable natural gas production and higher contributions from our Jones Act tankers. I would note that some of the natural gas agreements we entered into during the first quarter extend beyond the first quarter and therefore will add contributions during the remainder of the year. These were offset by lower gathering and processing volumes, as Tom mentioned, the impact from our planned splitter facility turnaround and lower RIN pricing in our renewable natural gas businesses. Moving on to our balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $32.8 billion of net debt and 4.1 times net debt to adjusted EBITDA, which is in the middle of our leverage target range of 3.5 times to 4.5 times. The 4.1 times only includes a month and a half of EBITDA from our Outrigger, but it includes all of the acquisition funding. So that metric will decline -- will improve as we add more quarters of the Outrigger contribution. Our net-debt increased by just over $1 billion from the beginning of the year and here's a high-level reconciliation of that change. We had a working capital use of about -- a little bit more than $300 million. That working capital deficit is made up of interest expense payments and first -- typical first quarter payments of bonus and property tax. We generated cash flow from operations of $1.16 billion. We paid dividends of $650 million. We have extended $770 million of total CapEx. We closed on the Outrigger acquisition, which was approximately $650 million and we posted collateral for some of our natural gas hedges of about $90 million, which gets you close to the billion dollar increase in net debt for the year. For the full-year, as Kim mentioned, while it's still early in the year, we expect to exceed budget by at least the contribution from the Outrigger acquisition. And as disclosed in our full-year budget, our budgeted adjusted EBITDA growth was 4%. Just including the Outrigger acquisition, our EBITDA growth would increase to 5%. Our adjusted EPS growth would still remain at an attractive 10% and we're also expecting to still end the year with net debt to adjusted EBITDA of 3.8 times. Most of our 2025 budgeted growth comes from expansion projects. Now that we're more than a quarter into the year, we can say we're on target to place the vast majority of these expansion projects in service on time and on budget or with only minor variances. The largest expansion contributions come from our Evangeline Pass expansion project, which is on-track to come online this summer and multiple projects on our Texas Intrastate system, the largest of which include our South Texas to Houston project, which is near completion and a couple of additional projects that have already been placed into service, including our Webb County and Central Texas expansion. So we're off to a good start to the year. Our -- we're on-track to put our expansion projects in service. We're experiencing favorable performance across our businesses and have sanctioned additional projects that will drive growth well into the future. Finally, based on investor feedback, we do not plan to host a regular Investor Day presentation in person going forward. Like we did this year, we will continue to publish an annual company update, which will include our budget for the year, but won't host the presentation in-person. We will also maintain our objective to provide great transparency to an extensive engagement with our investors. And with that, I'll turn it back to Kim for Q&A.
Kimberly Allen Dang: Okay. Ted, if you'll come back on, we will take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question in the queue is from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Michael Blum: Thanks. Good afternoon, everyone. I wanted to start talking about the potential additional gas pipeline investments that you are looking out with utilities and data centers. How would you characterize the pace of discussions with customers, I guess, since the last earnings call?
Sital Mody: Michael, this is Sital. Yes. So one, I think it pertains to data centers. There's still, as we try to determine kind of the sites, specific locations that they're looking at where we -- it's still evolving as it pertains to the utilities that are supporting some of these data centers. As you can see, we're actively pursuing opportunities to provide supply to ultimately feed these upcoming data centers. And so I would say the activity level is pretty strong. There's a lot of competition out there across the network. We feel like we're positioned well. And as we talk about Bridge into South Carolina, this is just kind of step one. The platform for growth has been established and we see some incremental opportunities around power and potentially data centers there as we've got this draw put in.
Kimberly Allen Dang: Ad I'll just add a couple of things to that. One, if you look at the additions to the backlog, this quarter, I said approximately 70% of those are related to power. So sometimes it's hard to differentiate between what's data center related and what's power because the power could be going to a data center. I'd also say if you look at our total backlog, like 50% of the projects in our overall backlog are related to power. Where we have seen I think the most concrete activity to date on data centers has been largely the regulated utilities so far. Now there is a -- there are lots of discussions going on as Sital said, a lot of those discussions are happening across the Southern United States and that's an area where we are particularly well-positioned.
Michael Blum: Thanks for all that. That was really helpful. Maybe if I could just drill down on one particular area or region. Can you provide an update on any progress in Arizona regarding either an expansion of EPNG or greenfield project or just how you see that area developing? Thanks.
Sital Mody: Sure, Michael. So one, we see a need out in the Desert Southwest, Arizona included. We have been pursuing both brownfield and greenfield opportunities. We're trying to look at that. Obviously, we're in a competitive situation here. As we get -- if we get any progress here from a customer standpoint, we'll make those announcements at the time. But I can tell you there is interest and we do see there -- we do see a need out West, especially the state of Arizona.
Operator: The next question…
Kimberly Allen Dang: Ted, we'll take the next question.
Operator: Yes. The next question is from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good afternoon.
Rich Kinder: Good afternoon.
Jeremy Tonet: Maybe picking up in Arizona if I could, and the potential for expansion for the West. Just wondering the docket that was opened in February, the natural gas infrastructure and storage docket that Vice Chair opened, are you expecting anything specific out of there that will inform your views of as far as timing and sizing of expansion further West? And just as you look even further out, I think that there ECA2 could be on the horizon and we'll need to source gas as well. It seems like EPNG would be in play there. So just wondering those two dynamics, any thoughts you could share?
Tom Martin: Well, just once again, I'm going to keep it broad just because we are in a very competitive situation. But both the overall demand is we see coming, right? And I think really both the docket you're talking about and through our conversations with our customers point to the need for incremental capacity needs. You mentioned ECA, that's a longer-term play possibly, but all of that bodes to the need for incremental capacity and how we get there. Ultimately, we decided by our customers and the contracts that they sign.
Kimberly Allen Dang: Yes and I -- let me just make a couple of points overall. I mean, look, there is the potential for data center development in Arizona. I think the Arizona utilities need more power, especially with all the population migration from California and other places into Arizona. I think Mexico has a couple of power plants on the other side of the border that they're going to need natural gas for and you've got the LNG potential off the West Coast. So, there's a lot of good demand factors. Our pipeline, EPNG is full. And so I think to do something out there, you would have to plan it. But it is a nice opportunity and the demand drivers that are present and that we're talking about here on the West are what we're seeing broadly across our whole network.
Tom Martin: And one more thing to add, it's not necessarily just a greenfield opportunity, right? There are significant -- we are looking at brownfield opportunities, smaller expansions that may make sense to unlock incremental capacity into the basin.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful there. And then just a higher level macro question, if I could. We've seen WTI dip towards 60 and briefly below 60 here and concerns with regard to potential economic weakness ahead, as Rich talked about in the opening comments there. Just wondering, as far as your conversations with your producer customers, any change in tone there such as if WTI does step down into the 50s and stays there for a while in basins that have liquids driven economics, if you think that there could be changes in producer activity there and how that could impact KMI, although it's a smaller part of the business?
Kimberly Allen Dang: Yes. I mean, our gathering business, I think is roughly 8% of our overall business. And if you look at it to date, I think it's too early to make any calls. We haven't -- the conversations that we have had with our producers, they haven't made any changes. I'd say if you look at our gathering assets, you've got the Bakken, which is oil based, but GORs are going up. And then obviously, our -- one of our largest positions is also in the Haynesville. And there that's a dry natural gas play. And I'd say that the conversations there with our customers, as Tom alluded to earlier, have been more bullish where what they're talking about is potentially adding rigs beyond what we expected previously. Now that will take time and we won't see that benefit for later in the year. But I'd say there is -- the natural gas side has been, I think, stronger than the conversations have been stronger than what we were originally expected.
Tom Martin: Yes. And I guess to add one more comment to that, when you think about our geographic basins that we're -- we have our gathering systems in, most of our acreage is in kind of the connections that we're on with Tier 1 acreage. So if you go back to when we were in COVID, I think we withstood the storm pretty well from a price standpoint, even in our liquid plays and the natural offset, as Kim was mentioning, is the dry gas plays when that happens. What we do see is we do see gas demand increasing. And so if the associated gas capacity -- if the associated gas kind of tapers off a little bit, even though we didn't see that, we actually saw GORs increase when crude fell off. We will see a pickup in the Haynesville and the dry gas Eagle Ford plays because the demand has to be met.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thank you for that.
Operator: The next question in the queue is from Manav Gupta with UBS. Your line is open.
Manav Gupta: Good afternoon. My question here is a little bit -- energy equities in general has started pricing in a little bit of a recession. You touch a lot of end markets, whether it's gas or refined products, even jet fuel. In your system, are you seeing any early signs of recessionary demand or what we see in the market is just volatility, the underlying demand in your system is holding up pretty well?
Kimberly Allen Dang: I mean, I'd say a couple of things on that. So far, I think we're holding up pretty well. But refined product volumes in the quarter were up 2%. We saw strong natural gas demand. I think we're going to continue to see strong natural gas demand because -- and growing natural gas demand over the course of the year because a lot of what is driving that is going to be the export LNG. And that -- those volumes are coming on and a lot of those have take-or-pay contracts associated with them. So I think you're going to see an uptick in gas demand over the course of the year. And as Tom said, we've got to refill storage. So one, I think we're too early. And two, I think when you look at natural gas, which is 60% of our business, I think there are some different factors that you really have to consider there than just US recessionary pressures that drive that demand.
Manav Gupta: Thank you. My quick follow up here is, can we get some more details about this new Bridge project that you added to the backlog? And the reason I'm asking is last year you announced the Mississippi Crossing project. And within one month, you ended upsizing the project. So what's the possibility of you upsizing this Bridge project? Thank you.
Tom Martin: Well, look, the possibilities are great, but I'm not going to comment on the timing. Obviously, our customers are going to dictate when we expand. I will tell you, South Carolina is one of the fastest growing states that we see out there. Demand is growing from a power side, from a residential need standpoint. And like I said, the opportunity set around potential data centers could be there. So I think overall, we feel like we're positioned well for future growth. The platform is there now. This helps us establish the platform once this project is completed and we're excited about the opportunity in South Carolina.
Manav Gupta: Thank you so much.
Operator: Next question in the queue is from John Mackay with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
John Mackay: Hey, team. Thanks for the time. I wanted to pull a couple of these together. I think on the last call, you kind of made the comment of saying, hey, we've done a lot of very big project announcements, maybe the pace of those will slow. I think you showed today that you're still able to add a ton of small to medium sized ones to keep adding to that backlog. Is this -- not to put you in the spot, was this a outsized kind of win or is this the kind of more regular way kind of backlog additions we could expect to see from here?
Kimberly Allen Dang: Yes. I mean, it's hard to predict, I think what exactly what we're going to be adding to the backlog. But as we've been saying this whole call, I mean, the demand drivers behind the natural gas industry, which is over 60% of our business are very strong. Whether you look at LNG and Rich pointed out there that if you look, the LNG demand is expected to double. And most of that is going to be driven by projects that are FID or under construction. And then he also pointed out that some of these -- as we go through tariff negotiations with some of these countries, that them buying natural gas from the U.S. may be a way that they solve the balance of payments with the U.S.. And so even if you're in a potential trade-war with China, there's other demand that could make-up for that or actually be greater than what the demand coming out of China would be because as Rich pointed out, they haven't been taking very much and natural -- and the LNG demand has been over 17 Bcf, so setting record. I think from the perspective of power and AI, when you look at AI, I think that is going to be in our national security interest to win the AI race. And so I think you'll continue to see demand for AI. And I think also as the costs are -- Rich talked a little bit about DeepSeek, but I think what you're hearing and what we've heard from a lot of the technology players as the cost of that technology comes down, we would expect more people to use it. And so that demand driver is firmly in place. And then if we get more American manufacturing investment, I think that will drive demand growth for natural gas. So I think when you look at that and you say, so what does your outlook for projects look like and it continues to be a robust outlook and I will tell you that we've added 900 on a gross basis to the backlog today. There's another $400 million of projects that our Board approved today, roughly $400 million, that we are close to signing contracts, so they approved on a contingent basis and we haven't added to the backlog because we don't add to the backlog until those contracts are signed. So, I think you can hear that -- I think we feel even in the current economic environment where there is a lot of volatility out there, we feel very good about our business and the opportunities that we have in front of us.
Rich Kinder: Yes, I would just add that we have 70,000 miles of gas pipelines. We moved 40% of the gas in America. And beyond that, we're located in the right places. All this LNG, feedgas demand, the great bulk of it is along the Gulf Coast. A great part of the electric generation growth is also in the Southeastern United States and along the Gulf Coast. So if you just look at where we operate and the size of our operations, I think there's every opportunity to expand our positions. And coming back to Sital's answer a couple of questions ago, the ability to expand off of these expansions that we've already announced is going to be incredible over the next several quarters we believe.
John Mackay: Yes, Rich, I appreciate that. Maybe just one follow up. Kim, you mentioned permitting relief for reform earlier in the call. Just curious if you could give us kind of like latest state of play there. And then specifically just on maybe related note, Bridge coming online in 2030, not outside the realm of normal kind of FERC timelines, but maybe if you can kind of tie that into your view on kind of how long it takes to get things permitted now and where that could maybe go if we get some relief?
Kimberly Allen Dang: Yes, I think we've had some conversations with the administration and with the Energy Dominance Council. And I think those have all been positive conversations with everybody focused on how do we get these projects in-service earlier. And so you will see that we made a filing with the FERC on Monday of this week and that could accelerate timing on permits by up to five months. We'll have to see what the FERC does with that, but I think the administration would be supportive of that. I think you've seen the core come out and the St. Louis office announced -- put out some preliminary guidance and then one of the other core offices put out some final guidance, which reduces time frames. We've had very positive interactions with parks and with fish. And so I think everybody is working in the same direction to try to get these projects in service early. Now, obviously, if we can get the -- them permitted earlier, then we've got to move to the supply-chain. I think that will be somewhat of a challenge, but we'll be looking at ways to get -- to reduce the time that it takes to get these materials onto the right away. And then we'll be looking at whether if we can't get the whole project in service, can we get portions of the project in service early that bring good economic value. So I think we've seen a very good -- we've seen a commitment from the administration to try to expedite the timing on these. I'd also say from a deregulation perspective, we've seen good progress. I think the good neighbor rule as it was drafted is essentially dead. You've seen the greenhouse gas reporting from the SEC. They've withdrawn their support for that. And then you've seen other actions out of EPA where they're proposing to get rid of certain regulations. So I think all-in all, most of what the administration is doing is very positive for our industry.
John Mackay: Thanks for the time. Appreciate it.
Operator: Next question is from Theresa Chen with Barclays. Your line is open.
Theresa Chen: Hello, thank you for taking my questions. First, congratulations to Tom for his retirement and also congratulations to Dax and Mike for stepping into their new roles. And I'd like to start by asking for an update on your strategy in the Bakken on the heels of the Outrigger acquisition coupled with the upcoming HH conversion to NGLs. What are the next steps here for Kinder to capture more economic value in that value chain?
Sital Mody: Hi, Theresa, this is Sital. So one, I think the integration of the Outrigger plant has gone very well. We've got it embedded into our operations. I think the next step is looking for operational synergies, like I said, strategically for us. We got a plant north of the river up in the Bakken, which complements our existing footprint. When you couple that with our residue takeaway and now our planned NGL takeaway, we're just looking strategically at further elements of the value chain. That's really what I would say to this -- at this point. Obviously, up there, we're in a very competitive situation on the NGL side. So I won't comment until we get incremental contracts signed. But needless to say, we are looking at ways to add incremental value and capture more of that full value chain. Did I answer your question?
Theresa Chen: Thank you. Yes. Or as much as you can at this point. Thank you, Sital. On the liquid side of things, just looking towards the pending closures of refineries in California with another one announced this morning, how much volumetric exposure or EBITDA could this impact for your -- could this impact your California pipeline and terminal assets within the product segment?
Sital Mody: Yes. We don't think it will. I mean, the announcement you saw today certainly is not the first announcement on a refinery closure and it probably won't be the last one. But the key to the throughput on our pipelines is the demand at the end of our pipelines. And as long as the demand exists there, as long as people in the interior California, Nevada and Arizona are driving and flying, that demand will still be there. And we think that our pipelines are the safest and most economic way to get that product there. So the sources of supply may change. It may not be coming from the same refineries. Other refineries may make-up for. You may have waterborne barrels coming in either from Washington State or Asia. But we still think that the product has to get to the end-markets and we're the best choice for it.
Theresa Chen: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Neal Dingmann: Good afternoon. Thanks for the time. My first question folks is just on M&A specifically. It seems like given you all continue to be focused more on the natural gas demand megatrends, I'm just wondering, would you all consider selling down some energy transition assets to fund these gas initiatives.
Kimberly Allen Dang: Well, I guess, look, we like the assets that we own. And I think right now, we are fully able to fund our CapEx out of out of existing cash-flow. And so I don't think selling assets is the best way generally to fund growth. And so we like the assets. They fit our strategy and not the best way to fund growth. And so we're going to fund our growth out of cash flow. We have capacity on our balance sheet should that -- should we exceed cash-flow in an existing year with respect to expansion CapEx. And then I think also if we ever wanted partners on something, we could bring in partners on new projects at a very attractive cost-of-capital. So I don't look at selling those assets as being the best choice.
Neal Dingmann: No, that makes sense. And then, Kim, just -- something you talked about earlier, just you all mentioned in the prepared remarks just the turbulent times. Is that -- I mean, does that give you more do you think opportunities to, I don't know, necessarily buy distressed assets, but it seems like there's still a lot of smaller deals out there. Does turbulent times like this provide maybe even more opportunities?
Kimberly Allen Dang: It could. Here's what I would say. I would say early in turbulence, I would say that people tend to back away from the market a little bit to just let things settle out. Over the longer-term, if the turbulence causes people to get in trouble, I think that would present opportunity for us over-time.
Neal Dingmann: Well said, thank you so much.
Operator: Next question is from Keith Stanley with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Keith Stanley: Hi, good afternoon. I wanted to start the statement in the release on pursuing substantial amount of additional LNG feed gas opportunities. Are you mainly competing to serve new under-construction facilities or is that redundancy projects for existing LNG? And then relatedly, any update on commercial progress on expansion of Trident at some point?
Rich Kinder: Sure. So to your first question on the incremental LNG demand, I think it's a combination where we're looking at new competing -- to be able to supply new facilities that are looking to FID and some that are very close to FID and we're also looking at folks that are optimizing their existing systems, looking for diversity of supply. It's an all of the above approach and I think we're talking to both sides there. On your latter question in terms of progress and I just want to make sure if you could just repeat the last question?
Keith Stanley: Trident…
Rich Kinder: Trident, right? Yes, so progress on Trident. We made some -- we've made significant strides here where we're close to possibly expanding the scale of the project and hopefully here in the next quarter or so, we'll have some positive news to announce, but making good progress. There's a lot of interest. When we think about the West to East movements that we've been talking about for some time, it's a continued theme there that we're seeing.
Keith Stanley: Great. Thanks for that. Second one, I just want to try again on the HH conversion because it's kind of sneaking up on us early next year. Are the contracts you have with customers today to bring NGLs to Guernsey or do they go further than that? And then I think you referenced in the prior question wanting to secure incremental contracts. Can you elaborate at all on the strategy there?
Tom Martin: Well, so at the risk of informing the competition, I'm going to pause on the detailed strategy, but I will tell you we are looking at getting molecules to both Conway and Mont Belvieu at a very high level. And in terms of trying to garner incremental volumes, I think there's opportunities for us to add to the portfolio in terms of volumes that we moved down HH. And that's probably all I'm going to tell you today. I know Theresa tried earlier, but that's it.
Keith Stanley: Understood. Thanks.
Operator: Next question is from Zack Van Everen with TPH. Your line is open.
Zack Van Everen: Hi, all, thanks for taking my question. Maybe going back to the Haynesville, you mentioned growth in the '25 and '26 and we tend to agree with that statement. Could you just remind us -- I know you guys had the projects in '25 for 340 a day for the Haynesville. Could you remind how much capacity is open once those projects are online for that system?
Tom Martin: Yes, so when we talk about hydraulic capacity in the Haynesville, if I recall, last January, we were talking and we were kind of approaching capacity and then we were planning on executing some projects in the second and third quarters. Obviously, in the price environment last year, we kind of fell off from a volume standpoint. I can tell you today, we are kind of approaching that same point we are. So we've got a little bit of flex in the system. But I can -- what we see here is that across the summer, I think we're going to be back at capacity in the Haynesville and we are actually discussing how we get ahead of it once again. So I think there's opportunities there for us to put some, once again, very capital efficient capital in terms of unlocking incremental capacity, but we've got to stay close to our producers and we're obviously going to be very cautious to make sure that we see those volumes coming and then we'll put in the capacity.
Zack Van Everen: Perfect. That makes sense. And then maybe moving over to Texas, your announcement on the Taos pipeline, pretty low capital spend there. Is there opportunity to upscale that or have other opportunities on your Intrastate system within Texas around whether it's power or data center demand?
Tom Martin: Yes, sure. So look that -- the Houston Power Gen project is an example of kind of what we're trying to pursue while relatively it may be small in scale compared to everything else we've been talking about. It's a pretty, once again, very capital efficient project. We just put in our Central Texas pipeline, right, that Dave talked -- David talked about. We put that into service. That's a 30-inch trunk that basically feeds off of PHP into the Austin area. Obviously, there's a lot of activity in and around that area. We're exploring power opportunities. There's organic growth there. And then we're also exploring some data center opportunities in that area. So I think we are positioned well with the platform. And as Rich talked about, you got the straw in there and then there's ancillaries that we can do on top of that straw. So lots of activity on the Intrastate systems. I think both the Houston Power Gen to South Texas to Houston and Central Texas are all examples of very capital efficient projects that can garner very good opportunities.
Zack Van Everen: Got it. Makes sense. Appreciate the time.
Tom Martin: Absolutely.
Operator: And I'm showing no further questions at this time.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Thank you very much. Have a good evening.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-22 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. Your lines are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. Sir, you may begin.
Rich Kinder: Hey, thank you, Michelle. And before we begin, as we always do, I'd like to remind you that KMI's earnings release today and this call include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosure on forward-looking statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release, as well as review our latest filings with the SEC for important material assumptions, expectations, and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking statements. I usually kick off these earnings calls with an overview of developments, present and future, in the midstream energy space with special emphasis on the various growth drivers for natural gas demand. These drivers are creating enormous opportunities for expansion of the Natural Gas Pipeline and storage system across America, and especially in the Gulf Coast and Southeast regions. At the beginning of this new calendar year, I thought it might be appropriate to be a little more specific about Kinder Morgan's response to those opportunities. In the last few months, we have announced the FID of four new major projects, the expansion of our GCX system out of the Permian Basin, our SS4 expansion on our Southern Natural Gas system, our Mississippi Crossing line, which will serve SS4 and other increased demand in the Southeast, and our Trident line, which we announced today, which will serve growing demand in the Southeast Texas region, including the new Golden Pass LNG facility. Altogether, these new projects will entail capital expenditures net to us in excess of $5 billion and will have the capacity to transport over 5 Bcf a day of natural gas. And all of these projects, I would point out, are supported by long-term contracts with creditworthy customers almost entirely on the demand side. And while for obvious reasons we're not disclosing specific IRR targets for these projects, I know you realize our Board would not have approved without returns that are significantly above our cost of capital. In addition to these projects, we are seeing other sizable opportunities to grow our business as exemplified by our recently-announced Outrigger's transaction, which will expand our position in the Bakken. In fact, this is the most exciting time to be in the midstream natural gas market that I've seen in my long decades in this business. We believe that our investments as they come online will drive growth in EBITDA and EPS for years to come. With that, I'll turn it over to Kim.
Kimberly Allen Dang: Okay. Thanks, Rich. 2024 was a very good year in terms of our financial performance. We grew EBITDA and EPS and we improved our leverage metrics. And we set the Company up for future success securing commercial contracts to underpin $6.3 billion in new expansion projects that will add growth for the future. Today, we announced we're proceeding with the $1.7 billion Trident project, as Rich just said, and we also announced today that we successfully secured contracts to upsize our previously announced MSX project by 300 million cubic feet a day to 1.8 Bcf a day. For the quarter, we added $3.5 billion in expansion projects to the backlog, which is primarily comprised of Trident and MSX. For the year, we have added $6.3 billion in projects to the backlog and placed $1.2 billion of projects in service, growing the backlog from $3 billion at the beginning -- at the end of last year to $8.1 billion today. These projects will pay benefits for many years to come. As a result of the projects added to the backlog, we now expect to spend approximately $2.5 billion per year in expansion CapEx for the next several years, up from our prior estimate of approximately $2 billion per year. During the quarter, we also agreed to purchase a natural gas gathering and processing system in the Bakken, which is complementary to our existing Bakken assets for $640 million. The system is backed by long-term contracts from creditworthy counterparties. On a GAAP basis, the purchase price translates into an 8 times multiple. But based on the cash we receive in 2025, the multiple is approximately 6 times. In addition, in the future, we expect the acquisition to reduce CapEx that we would have otherwise had to spend to expand for our customers. As we look to the future, we continue to see additional growth opportunities in natural gas between LNG, exports to Mexico, power, and industrial growth. Our internal number for growth in the overall natural gas business is roughly 28 Bcf a day of growth between now and 2030. Our assets are well-positioned to serve this growth. We currently serve approximately 45% of the export LNG demand, 50% of the exports to Mexico, and 45% of the power demand in the combined region of the desert Southwest, Texas, and the Southeast. 2024 was a successful year that brought numerous opportunities and nice growth and we're looking forward to further growth and capitalizing on additional opportunities in 2025. And with that, I'll turn it over to Tom to give you more details on the business performance.
Tom Martin: Thanks, Kim. Starting with the Natural Gas business unit, transport volumes were essentially unchanged in the quarter versus the fourth quarter of 2023. Natural gas gathering volumes were down 7% in the quarter compared to the fourth quarter of '23, driven by lower Haynesville and Bakken volumes, partially offset by higher Eagle Ford volumes. Sequentially, gathering volumes were flat quarter-over-quarter. For the year, our gathering volumes averaged 8% below our 2024 plan, and 6% over 2023. We have budgeted for a 5% increase in gathering volumes in 2025 versus 2024 actuals. We view the slight pullback in gathering volumes due to lower prices as temporary given that higher production volumes will be necessary to meet the demand growth from LNG expected in the second half of 2025. Looking forward, we continue to see significant incremental project opportunities across our Natural Gas Pipelines network to expand our transportation and storage capabilities in support of the growing natural gas market. On our Products Pipelines segment, refined products volumes were up 2%, and crude and condensate volumes were down 5% in the quarter compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. For the full year, refined products volumes were down 3% below our plan, but 1% over 2023. We have budgeted for a 1% increase in refined product volumes in '25 versus '24 actuals. In December 2024, BP North America exercised its unilateral right to extend their contract for five years at existing rates for all of the petroleum condensate processing capacity at our facility on the Houston Ship Channel. The extension is recognition of the strategic value of Kinder Morgan's 100,000 barrels per day processing capability at our facility and the locational value of Kinder Morgan's footprint in the area. In our Terminals business segment, our liquids lease capacity remains high at 95%. Though refining cracks and blending margins have softened, they remain constructive and supportive of strong rates and utilization at our key hubs at the Houston Ship Channel and New York Harbor. Our Jones Act tanker fleet is fully leased today, 97% leased through 2025, 94% leased through 2026, assuming likely options are exercised. We have opportunistically chartered a significant percentage of the fleet at higher market rates and extended the average length of firm contract commitments to four years. The CO2 segment experienced 3% lower oil production volumes, 4% lower NGL volumes, and 3% lower CO2 volumes in the quarter versus the fourth quarter of 2023. For the full year, oil volumes were down 6% versus 2023, but within 1% of our budget. With that, I'll turn it over to David Michels.
David Michels: All right. Thanks, Tom. So, for the quarter, we're declaring a dividend of $0.2875 per share, which is $1.15 per share annualized and up 2% from 2023. During the quarter -- during the fourth quarter, we generated net income attributable to KMI of $667 million, or up 12% from the fourth quarter of 2023. We generated EPS of $0.30, up 11% from last year. And on an adjusted net income basis, which excludes our certain items, we generated $708 million of net income and adjusted EPS of $0.32. Those two items are 12% and 14% up from last year respectively. This year-over-year growth was driven by a greater combination -- greater contributions from our Natural Gas Products and Terminals businesses with the main growth drivers being contributions from our acquired South Texas midstream assets, which we acquired at the end of 2023, greater contributions from our Texas Intrastate Natural Gas system as well as from natural gas projects that were placed in service. For the full year, we generated EPS of $1.17, which was up 10% over last year and our adjusted EPS was up 7% from last year. As we've messaged for the last two quarters, we finished 2024 a little bit below our budget, mainly driven by commodity prices lower than what we had budgeted and lower production from our RNG plants. But despite those headwinds, we still experienced nice growth from 2023. Moving to our balance sheet. We ended the year with $31.7 billion of net debt and a 4.0 times net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio, which is right in the middle of our leverage target range of 3.5 to 4.5 times. Our net debt decreased $112 million from the beginning of 2024. And here is the high-level reconciliation of that change. We generated $5.6 billion of cash flow from operations. We spent $2.6 billion in dividends. We spent $2.7 billion of capital and that's growth sustaining and our contributions to our joint ventures. And then we had about $200 million of other uses and that gets you pretty close to the $112 million decrease in net debt for the year. For 2025, as we previewed in December, we expect another good year of growth. We expect net income growth of 8% from 2024, EBITDA growth of 4%, and adjusted EPS growth of 10%. We also expect to see our balance sheet improve further ending the year at 3.8 times. As we say in the press release, we'll be publishing our budget materials on February 5th, and that will provide more detail behind the summary budget that we provided in December. Our budget does not include the recently announced Outrigger acquisition, which we expect to close in the first quarter, and we expect that acquisition to be immediately accretive. And we expect to -- our year-end leverage will remain at 3.8 times even after taking into account that transaction. With that, I'll turn it back to Kim.
Kimberly Allen Dang: Okay. Michelle, if you'll come on and we'll take questions. And if everyone can ask one question and one follow-up, and then if you have further questions, please get back in line.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first caller is Theresa Chen with Barclays. You may go ahead.
Theresa Chen: Good afternoon, and thank you for taking my questions. When we look at the last update, at the backlog, including CO2 and GMP comparing the backlog today, the implied multiple of 6.4 times, it's pretty compelling. So, for projects like Mississippi Crossing and Trident and future natural gas infrastructure projects, can you talk about the economic moat that you have, competitive moat that you have, the financial considerations, and how you can maintain these types of multiples and returns for growth projects under development?
Kimberly Allen Dang: Sure. Let me just say, there's been no change in our return criteria and the way we think about and the way we look at these projects. As you know, required returns, our required return moves around a little bit depending on the risk inherent in the cash flows. And so we do have different returns for different risk projects that make up the overall multiple of the backlog that is less than 6 times. I think that these projects are competitive. And as you know, we -- on MSX, we were competing for that project. We also competed on the Trident project with other people that were attempting to build. I do think that having the infrastructure that we have, having the reputation that we have as an operator, and our ability to bring these projects in, in a timely manner, does help us to be successful as we go out and try to get new projects and new business. But this return is consistent with the returns that we have achieved over time on these projects.
Theresa Chen: Understood. And related to the Outrigger acquisition, can you expand a bit on the strategic rationale behind this and outlook for downstream synergies? And if Y-Grade eventually flows onto Double H once converted to NGL service, for example?
Kimberly Allen Dang: Yes. Let me make a couple of comments on that. So, there are -- these assets fit in well with our existing system. So, there are potential capital synergies and commercial synergies with our existing assets in this acquisition. At this point in time, we're not quantifying exactly what those are just because those can move around based on a number of different factors, including the producer's drilling schedule. But I think that we're in a good position to deliver at least some of those synergies and hopefully, we will get significant synergies from this. In terms of downstream synergies, I think that there are some existing contracts in place and we may have a potential for downstream synergies, but I think that will come later in time. There is nothing immediate with respect to downstream synergies.
Theresa Chen: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Manav Gupta with UBS. You may go ahead, sir.
Manav Gupta: Good morning. A quick observation. I think on December 9th, when you announced your CapEx, you were looking for an adjusted EPS growth of 8% and today it's already 10%. And I'm hoping, as the year progresses, this number just moves up. And can you help us understand some of the macro trends or favorable factors which could help you push even higher than 10% EPS growth in 2025?
Kimberly Allen Dang: Sure. So, I think, one, that we have some sensitivity to commodity prices, and currently, commodity prices are a little bit higher than what we budgeted. Now there's crude, there's natural gas, and then we have some rent sensitivity. And so we've got upside on the first two. We've got a little bit of downside on the last one. But when you net all those together, today there's some upside on the overall commodity picture. Now, it's early in the year and commodity prices can move. And so I don't think you can take that to the bank at this point. The Outrigger acquisition, as David said in his comments, is not in the budget. And so there's -- that's going to be accretive and will be a positive versus our budget. There's the potential I think for some upside on the Jones Act tankers that we've got. Right now, I think interest expense, the rates that we budgeted are largely in line with where the current market is. So, I think there if the prices stay high, I mean you could see some upside on G&P volumes over time. And if we continue to deplete the inventory that's in storage as a result of winter weather, I think the winter weather, we probably did a little bit better than what we budgeted with respect to winter weather. But again, it's early in the year. There's a lot of different moving parts in our budget. And so, I'd just say at this point in time, we are not changing our guidance. We're sticking to our budget. But it is a nice start to the year.
Manav Gupta: Perfect. My quick follow-up is, it looks like we have a new administration, which is really pushing the AI goals here, $500 billion investment announced yesterday. And I'm trying to understand, in terms of this execution, are we still in very early stages of this positive macro trend where this trend could continue for like five, seven, eight, or nine years as these data centers come on and the demand for power just keeps rising and how Kinder fits into that. Thank you.
Kimberly Allen Dang: Yes. I think we are early in the data center trend and the power that's going to be needed there. And so I think that the encouragement that this administration has given on the data center development, the -- their desire to see American energy do well, I think all plays into a nice long-term trend for natural gas demand. As I said in my opening comments, we think the natural gas demand is going to grow by 28 Bcf a day between now and 2030. And part of that is power demand. In those numbers though, we only have power demand up about 3 Bcf a day. And I think there are a lot of numbers that are much higher than that 3 Bcf a day in terms of power demand. I've seen numbers at 10 Bcf a day. And so I think there is the potential for upside above the 28 Bcf of growth that we are projecting.
Manav Gupta: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Michael Blum with Wells Fargo. You may go ahead, sir.
Michael Blum: Thanks. Good afternoon, everyone. So, maybe staying on President Trump's recent infrastructure announcement, it does -- one of the projects involved there seems like it's going to be a large data center campus in Abilene, Texas, which, if I'm not mistaken…
Kimberly Allen Dang: I can't hear you. Well, hang on.
Michael Blum: Can you hear me?
Kimberly Allen Dang: Yes. Now I can.
Michael Blum: Can you guys hear me? Okay, great. So, sorry about that. So, you hear me okay?
Kimberly Allen Dang: Yes, something in Texas.
Michael Blum: Okay. President Trump's AI data center announcement includes a large data center in Abilene, Texas, so, which I think is pretty close to some of your pipelines. I'm wondering if there's an opportunity there for you, and do you have availability to address it?
Sital Mody: So, Michael, this is Sital. One, it's a good announcement. Our Intrastate footprint, our NGPL footprint, it's all in and around the area. I think it's an opportunity. But once again, there's a lot of folks that are going to be chasing the opportunity. So, I think we're well-positioned to partake in some of that growth.
Michael Blum: Okay, great. And then I also wanted to ask about the Open Season on Kinder Morgan Louisiana, like a Texas Header Project. Can you just tell us how that's progressing and the potential scope of that project? Thanks.
Sital Mody: Absolutely. So, part of -- one, I think the Open Season closed and we do have binding commitments to build that segment. Part of the overall strategy here is there is a lot of interconnectivity needed with all the gas coming from multiple directions. And so, I think this is a good platform for us to establish that kind of initial leg with the prospective possibility of extending that into the Louisiana corridor. And so, I think that when you think about it, this first phase here is contracted and ready to go and it's a position as well for future growth.
Kimberly Allen Dang: And let me just further on that. The existing Header is in the Trident project in terms of the economics that we get from that. And then future, it's there -- we have future expansion potential, but that would be another project that we would get approved at that time.
Sital Mody: Yes, so just to clarify, the KMLP expansion is -- one of the pipes that it will connect to is Trident. It's separate and apart from Trident itself. And it can potentially be a leg into the Louisiana corridor down the line.
Kimberly Allen Dang: Right, but in the future.
Sital Mody: In the future, that's right. Michael, does that make sense?
Michael Blum: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities. You may go ahead, sir.
Jack Wilson: Hey, good afternoon. This is Jack Wilson on for Neal. Can you maybe speak to your positioning in regards to LNG exports specifically?
Kimberly Allen Dang: Yes, sure. We serve about 50% of that market, but it's just under that, it's 45%. I think our total contracts that we've got in place for LNG exports is about 10.7 Bcf a day. Not all of that is online today, but that's the position that we will grow into overtime. I think it's a little less than 10 Bcf/d today. And then the opportunity set is in the range of 15 Bcf a day is the future capacity that is included in the 28 Bcf a day of growth that we see between now and 2030. And that's -- so we'll be focused on trying to capture some of those opportunities. And then a lot of times, as we said before, there's the initial opportunities to connect to the Header systems or directly to those facilities. And then a lot of times LNG export facilities and customers are looking for to go back further, back upstream to get more competitively priced supply. And in addition, sometimes some of them are looking for some insurance capacity and therefore they contract for more than just the capacity of the facility to make sure that they can get molecules there. So, a lot of times those initial projects lead to future projects. So, there's a lot of opportunity on the export LNG side.
Jack Wilson: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Keith Stanley with Wolfe Research.
Keith Stanley: Hi, good afternoon. First question, just curious, you just did an acquisition a couple of weeks ago, how you're thinking about incremental acquisitions at this point? So, on the one hand, you have greatly increased organic investment opportunities. So, you probably want some excess financial capacity, but you also have a much-improved currency and it's probably pretty easy to make deals accretive at this point. So, just how are you balancing those factors and thinking about M&A?
Kimberly Allen Dang: Yes. So, we think about M&A on a very opportunistic basis. And so we can't predict that. And therefore, it's hard to budget or schedule for it. Our criteria in terms of acquisitions hasn't changed. So, it's still the same. So, we're not modifying the criteria. And then we just evaluate each one as it comes to fruition. So, right now, we are able to fully fund all of our CapEx with internally generated cash. We have no need to issue equity. If we saw some big, huge acquisition, not opposed to issuing equity, but it would have to make economic sense. And so we would just have to view it in the context of the overall deal when that opportunity came before us.
Keith Stanley: Thanks for that. Second one, just wanted to follow up on the quarter. So, Q4 EBITDA was about $100 million below the initial quarterly budget and you talked about commodities volumes and some of the RNG headwinds. Is there anything else you'd flag for the quarter in particular or are those the main factors?
David Michels: So, the commodity headwind was part of it. We had some -- the RNG sales were down relative to what we had expected. And then we had -- some of the RINs that we produced in the quarter were pushed out of the year into the next year because there was a lack of liquidity in the market. So, that also contributed to it. But you hit the main ones.
Keith Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Jean Ann Salisbury with Bank of America.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hi, most of what Kinder Morgan has announced over the past year has been typical large diameter, big CapEx projects, so SNG, GCX, MSX, Trident. From here forward, do you see any shift in the type of the future projects to being mostly more like end-user projects, like laterals to power plants or data centers, which might be lower absolute CapEx, but better multiples, or you're not really ready to call that shift yet?
Kimberly Allen Dang: That's -- it's hard to call. I think we're going to have opportunities on both fronts. I think more of the opportunities probably come in what I call the singles and doubles, connecting to power plants, that types of things. And that's largely just because the larger projects, to do those, you've got to put together a lot of customers. There -- it's just a lot more complicated and a lot harder to do. But, that being said, we do have some large-scale opportunities that we're evaluating and looking at that have the potential to come to fruition. It's just harder to call your shots on those, again, because you face competition and you've got to bring -- a lot of different factors have to come together to make those possible. So, it could -- it's going to continue just to be a combination of things, Jean Ann, but I do think that the larger ones will -- are going to be more infrequent than we'll just have a lot of smaller opportunities, singles and doubles. It's harder to hit the home run. We just -- we were very fortunate this year that we got a number of them in one year.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Yes. That makes sense. Great. And then as a follow-up, can you kind of talk about how you're forecasting the cadence of Haynesville volumes coming back? I think rig count in that basin is falling more than most would have thought, and you've seen some producers saying that you need far higher prices than today's strip for them to come back.
Sital Mody: Jean, this is Sital. Yes. So, I think last year, we did see a little pullback in the Haynesville as a result of kind of the price environment. In light of what we're seeing currently and the expectation of the LNG demand coming on, we are seeing activity pick back up in the Haynesville, and if any of this price is sustained as kind of we hope it is, I think you'll see a lot more activity in the Haynesville.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. That's all from me.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Spiro Dounis from Citi. You may go ahead, sir.
Spiro Dounis: Thanks, operator. Afternoon, team. I just want to go back to the project backlog again. Now at $8.1 billion, largest we've seen in a while here. And Kim, you mentioned the $2.5 billion a year annually. And I guess if we sort of track that through 2028, gets you to about $10 billion all-in. So, just curious, is that the right way to think about maybe your visibility on the sort of unsanctioned backlog from here, at least through '28? And in that context, kind of what Jean Ann was getting at, you added over $5 billion of projects in this last year. It sounds hard to repeat, but at the same time, you also did mention being in the early stages of data center demand and potentially some new LNG FIDs coming this year. So, when do you think we do see a year like that again? I know it's hard to predict, but just thinking about, as you seem to…
Kimberly Allen Dang: Well, I hope next year. But this has been a pretty spectacular year is what I would say in terms of backlog additions and then four really big projects. So -- but again, we have outlined, there's going to be a lot of growth in natural gas, 28 Bcf a day again between now and 2030, that's a large amount of demand growth and it's all happening across the Southern United States where we've just got a really good position of assets, whether that's in Texas or that's going across the Southeast or that's going out to the desert Southwest. And so, I think we've tried to give you $2.5 billion a year, yes, that we filled in a few things there, but -- in terms of our expectations on what's going to happen. And -- but I think there is the opportunity for that to grow over time, I believe. And so, I think the -- that's what we would expect to happen, is that we continue to add to this backlog. But we're also going to be placing projects in service. And so, not sure how to tell you exactly how much we can add over time.
Spiro Dounis: Okay. Yes. Understood. That's helpful. Second question, quickly, just thinking about some weather events that have kind of occurred so far here in the first quarter. Obviously, we've got the LA fires, I know you guys have assets out in that region, but we've also had some cold weather just along the US Gulf Coast. So, just curious how much either of those events has kind of impacted operations so far in the first quarter.
Kimberly Allen Dang: Yes. In terms of California, no impact on our assets. I mean, we were down for two days on some pipes, but I think those volumes, we'll largely be able to make up. And then, on the cold weather, I mean, our operations guys have done a fantastic job. We went out and manned stations, and yes, we had something go off, but they would get it right back on. So, really, no impact in terms of being able to operate, from the fires or from the cold weather.
Spiro Dounis: Great. I'll leave it there. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Zack Van Everen with TPH. You may go ahead, sir.
Zack Van Everen: Hey, thanks for taking my question. Maybe first one on the Bakken acquisition. Can you maybe touch on a high level, what type of contracting that plant and the pipeline have? Is it MBCs, is it mostly contracted, or just any more color there would be great.
Sital Mody: Yes, sure. So, this is Sital. One, I think the asset folks will kind of overall integrate the strategy. Most of the contracts are kind of MBC-backed with some firm obligations there. As we think about the footprint, one of the things that this asset does for us is it gives us processing north of the river. We've always been kind of south of the river, if you're familiar with that area. And so, I think it opens up some potential flexibility that we can leverage as we move forward.
Zack Van Everen: Got you. That makes sense. And then maybe just one on Trident. I know that shortly after announcing it, Golden Pass came out talking about them being one of the anchor shippers. I know in the press release today, you kind of note LNG and industrial demand. Could you touch on maybe just the high-level makeup of the demand contracts? Is it mostly LNG or is there also some power and industrial demand you're seeing as well?
Sital Mody: So, I will tell you this. Since the last time we've spoken, I can't -- I won't say any names, but we've got some power behind -- power demand behind the contracts and we continue to work with industrials and the large -- some of the large end-use customers on the ability to potentially even expand the pipe from the 1.5 Bcf that we've guided at now all the way up to the 2.8 Bcf that we think we could get through some capital-efficient expansion.
Zack Van Everen: Got you. Super helpful. I appreciate the time today. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is John Mackay with Goldman Sachs.
John Mackay: Hey, thanks for the time. I think the first one, I want to go back to -- I think it was Spiro's question just on touching on the $2.5 billion a year. Can you kind of frame up, is that a ceiling on how much you think you can spend a year? Can that number move higher? And I guess, generally speaking, how do you think about setting that? Is that a leverage question? Is that a free cash? Is that a dividend? Just firming that up for us would be helpful.
Kimberly Allen Dang: So, the $2.5 billion is generally what we think based -- looking at all the projects that we have in the backlog and other things that we think are probably very highly likely what we think we can spend, and I mean, it's over the next several years, three to four years. So, that $2.5 billion is on average per year. I mean, are you going to have years where it could be $3 billion and others where it could be $2 billion? Yes. I mean it's not going to be perfectly allocated $2.5 billion each year. So, it can be loppy and that depends on the project timing. But we're trying to give you a sense of what we see in terms of our opportunities to invest capital over time. We can fund $2.5 billion per year out of internally generated cash. So, no concerns that we need external capital for that. We can fund in some years a little bit more than that. If it's lumpy during that time frame, we've got -- our balance sheet is in good shape. And in this year at 4 times and expect it at the end of '25 at 3.8 times. And so we can absorb that lumpiness on the balance sheet and once those projects come on, we'll grow out of that. So, I think we will continue to look at that number and update it. And if we add significant new projects to the backlog, then I think we have the potential that, that number increases over time. But we have made [Technical Difficulty] pointed out earlier, some estimate of some additional growth beyond what's in the backlog because as someone noted, the backlog adds up to $8.1 billion and if you take four years of $2.5 billion, you get $10 billion. So, there is a little bit of capital that we're assuming based on our opportunity set, we'll be able to fill in.
John Mackay: I appreciate that. Thank you. Maybe just second one from me. We've talked a lot about these big kind of marquee projects you've added. Is there anything you can share on kind of knock-on effects across the rest of the Kinder system now that you're going to be moving a lot more gas, is there some kind of operating leverage on the rest of the footprint that you could think about adding to these returns?
Sital Mody: Sure. This is Sital again. So, as we think about -- as you put these arteries in across with the developments that are coming in and around data centers and just power in general, there's opportunities for us to kind of leverage our footprint to kind of establish capillaries to these facilities. One of the things that Jean Ann talked about was kind of the small capital-efficient projects, there's opportunities on top of these large expansions for those type of projects and in strategic areas that we can further expand. And that really applies across the footprint. We're also looking at some opportunities moving out west to the desert Southwest. Those might be -- that might be an area where we can see some primary and secondary expansion opportunities.
Kimberly Allen Dang: And the other thing I'd point out is, like MSX, it'll connect our three legs of the Tennessee gas pipeline. So, over time, that could -- that's going to give us some operating flexibility and potentially upside to help our customers. And then on Trident, it will come into the Intrastate market and it will integrate well with our Texas Intrastate and hopefully over time, that will give us the ability to deliver more value to our customers in sharing some of that.
Rich Kinder: I think the message here that all of the team is trying to deliver is, we have an unparalleled system that bridges the part of the country that needs the most new natural gas delivery system. We have that and all of what we're saying, I think lends itself to lots of expansion opportunities coming off of this great footprint that we have. And that's really our whole strategy over the next several years, is to move forward with the system we have, expand it, extend it, and drive home real nice earnings growth and growth in EBITDA.
John Mackay: That's great. Thank you, Rich. Thank you, team. Appreciate the time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Gabe Moreen with Mizuho. You may go ahead, sir.
Gabe Moreen: Hey, good afternoon, everyone. I just want to start off by saying that I think Pete's -- based on how the share price has performed, Pete's making a good case for saving himself work and not holding Analyst Days in future years. Peter? But with that said, I wanted to ask a question on the MSX project timeline being four years plus or minus and being almost two years longer than a similarly-sized Intrastate project. Is that a question of permitting, right-of-way, conservatives? Is there any conservatism built into that? And fitting into the regime change in DC with the new administration, is there anything on the permitting Wishlist or discussions you've had that you maybe think can expedite something, which I think is your first kind of greenfield'ish Interstate in some time?
Kimberly Allen Dang: Yes. So, I mean, the difference, just horseshoes and hand grenades, we generally think about Interstate pipes take us four years, two years of permitting and two years to build. And Intrastate pipes where we don't have to go get a FERC certificate is usually two-ish years. And that's sort of the timeline that you see -- the difference in the timeline that you see between Trident and MSX or a South System 4. We came up with these schedules when we sanctioned these projects, so late last year. I would say that they were done in line with what we thought we would get under the prior administration. And so, to the extent that FERC speeds up -- and it's really the FERC permit that is going to be the primary item. To the extent that FERC speeds up their timeline, we could get it potentially in service earlier. But I think the flip side of that is we want to make sure that we get a good FERC permit that we can defend in court. And so, we don't want them to skip or shortcut any of their processes. So, we want to make sure that we get a good, defendable FERC permit out, but hopefully, they can do that faster under this administration.
Gab Moreen: Thanks, Kim. And I know there'll be some more details on '25 guidance in the not-too-distant future, but could I ask maybe just one on your nat gas sensitivity that you've got to the $0.10 change in gas prices? It's a bit higher this year than last, kind of want to know what's behind that.
Kimberly Allen Dang: Yes, sure.
Gab Moreen: I know it's not a big piece of things, but…
Kimberly Allen Dang: That's a sensitivity that we've had in the past. So, it's not anything new, Gabe. It's been hard to quantify because some of our producers on the gathering side, the contract can move, the price they pay, the tariffs that they pay can move up and down with some gas prices. And so that's what's -- this year, we are right in the middle of the range and we've been trying to find a way to quantify it for investors. And this year we were able to do it. So, again, no difference from prior years.
Gab Moreen: Thanks, Kim.
Operator: Thank you. Jeremy Tonet with J.P. Morgan. You may go ahead, sir.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good afternoon.
Kimberly Allen Dang: Good afternoon, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: I just wanted to circle back, I guess, new administration, new lookout there. Just wondering, Kinder has looked at expansions in the Northeast before, but state-level permitting issues has impacted the calculus of moving forward with those types of projects. Just wondering if you're tracking anything on the federal side that maybe would change, I guess, the permitting process or laws otherwise that would kind of, I guess, change your outlook. I mean, clearly, the need for more gas logistics in the Northeast is there, but just do you see anything on the permitting side that might make you kind of look at things differently?
Kimberly Allen Dang: Yes. No, the -- it's not the federal permits that are the real problem in the Northeast. I mean, we can get the federal permits, get the state permits and I don't see anything changing there. The other thing I'd say about the Northeast is the commercial structure. It's the commercial structure with the operator, RTO operator, does not allow for pass-through of the fixed demand charges if you're an IPP. And so it makes it harder for the IPPs to contract on a firm basis for that capacity. And so those are the two largest hurdles and we have not seen any change.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Understood. And might be dating myself a little bit here, but if I go back, I think, to around the 2009 timeframe with Rockies Express, I think it was described as the Pig and the Boa Constrictor at that point. And there was a big move in the industry as far as unconventional production, supply push out of basins and everyone was running on the same steel and construction at the same time, and led to some cost inflation issues. At that point in time, we see inflationary environment in the background now. Just wondering how you think about, I guess, those risks going forward and with ENCs you see out there that you think can best protect you? Just wondering, I'm sure you guys are very thoughtful in all this, but wanted to see your latest thoughts.
Kimberly Allen Dang: Yes. We are already engaged in procurement on all three big pipes. I'm not going to go pipe by pipe, but on some of the pipes, we have already -- we already have an agreement to purchase steel, purchase the compression. And on others, I think we will do so in the not-too-distant future. So, we are -- I think we're working hard to try to mitigate that risk.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I am showing no further questions.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Thank you all very much. Have a pleasant evening.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may go ahead and disconnect at this time.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-16 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Ted. Before we begin, as usual, I'd like to remind you that KMI's earnings release today and this call include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosure on forward-looking statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release as well as review our latest filings with the SEC for important material assumptions, expectations, and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking statements. Over the past few quarters, I've talked about our view of the future demand for natural gas with strong growth being driven by LNG exports, exports to Mexico, and electric generation which is benefiting from the tremendous needs of AI and data centers. Our viewpoint is consistent with most other energy leaders and analysts in the field. So, the next question is, what's the impact of this growth on a midstream company like Kinder Morgan? We believe it's substantial and positive. In fact, in my decades of experience in the mid-term arena, I've never seen a macro environment so rich with opportunities for incremental build-out of natural gas infrastructure. And at Kinder Morgan, we expect to be a major player in developing that infrastructure. In July, we announced the approximate $3 billion South System Expansion 4 Project, which is underpinned by long-term shipper commitments and designed to increase our Southern Natural Gas South Line capacity by approximately 1.2 Bcf per day, helping to meet growing power generation and residential commercial demand in the Southeastern US market. Today, we are announcing the expansion of our GCX system in Texas, which will enable our customers who have signed long-term throughput agreements to move substantial additional gas out of the Permian Basin. We expect to announce additional significant projects over the next several months that will allow us to expand and extend our network to better serve the needs of our customers and benefit our bottom-line. As these projects come online, we should be able to grow our EPS, EBITDA, and DCF on a consistent and sustainable basis for years to come. And with that, I'll turn it over to Kim.
Kim Dang: Okay. Thanks, Rich. I'll make a few points and then I'll turn it over to Tom and David to give you more details. But for the third quarter, earnings per share was unchanged. EBITDA grew by 2% versus the third quarter of last year. For the year, we expect EBITDA growth of 5% and EPS growth of 9% versus 2023, despite our expectation to be slightly below our budget due to lower commodity prices and slow start-up of our RNG facilities. Debt-to-EBITDA remains at 4.1 times. During the quarter, we added roughly $450 million of projects to the backlog, which includes the GCX expansion that Rich mentioned, but also includes a storage expansion on NGPL and a new lateral to serve a natural gas power plant. We placed roughly $500 million of projects in service resulting in a current backlog of $5.1 billion. As we look to the future, we continue to see large opportunities for growth in natural gas between LNG, exports to Mexico, power, and industrial growth. Current discussions on power opportunities total well north of the 5 Bcf a day we mentioned in the second quarter. Our internal number for growth in the overall natural gas market is roughly 25 Bcf a day over the next five years. On the power side, there are numerous drivers of that demand. We see population and business migration to the Southern United States from Arizona to Texas to Georgia and Florida in what were already tight energy markets. The CHIPS Act, cheap feedstock prices, and national security are leading to onshoring and nearshoring. Renewables are leading to the need for more natural gas peaker plants to back up intermittent demand. Coal plants are moving forward with conversion and of course, data center demand has skyrocketed. Regardless of the demand driver, one project often creates a need for a subsequent project. For example, an LNG facility initially builds or contracts for a header pipe to get natural gas to its facility from the closest liquid market. Over time, it contracts for capacity upstream of that liquid point to secure more attractively priced molecules. In addition, we have seen some of these companies subscribe for capacity on an entirely separate path to achieve diversity of supply. We see somewhat similar dynamics on the LDC and power demand side, projects to expand existing pipeline capacity within the demand areas and then a desire to reach further back to ensure sufficient and diverse supply. It kind of reminds me of the old song by the Fixx, One Thing Leads to Another. As we look at our future opportunity set, a few of the potential projects are very large, $1.5 billion to $2 billion. Most are singles and doubles. As I said last quarter, not all the projects will come to fruition and the larger projects can take longer to develop, but the opportunity set has continued to increase over the course of this year and the conversations are becoming more focused and specific. As Rich mentioned, we've already approved two large projects totaling $3.6 billion A Rate, $1.8 billion to KM-share between Southern Natural Gas -- the Southern Natural Gas South System 4 Project and the GCX expansion. And I expect, as Rich said, we'll continue to add to this backlog. It's an exciting time to be in the midstream business. And with that, I'll turn it over to Tom to give you more details.
Tom Martin: Thanks, Kim. Starting with the natural gas business unit, transport volumes increased 2% in the quarter versus the third quarter of 2023. Natural gas gathering volumes were up 5% in the quarter compared to 2023, driven by Haynesville and Eagle Ford volumes, which were up 10% and 9% respectively. Sequentially, total gathering volumes were down 5%. For the year, we expect gathering volumes to average 8% below our 2024 plan but 5% over 2023. We view the slight pullback in gathering volumes as temporary as higher production volumes will be necessary to meet the demand growth from LNG expected in the second-half of 2025. Looking forward, we continue to see significant incremental project opportunities across our natural gas pipeline network to expand our transportation and storage capabilities in support of the growing natural gas market. In our Products Pipeline segment, Refined Products volumes were up 1%, and Crude and Condensate volumes were down 4% in the quarter compared to the third quarter of 2023. For the full-year, we expect Refined Products volumes to be slightly below our plan at 2% over 2023. Regarding development opportunities, KMI's SFPP pipeline closed a successful binding open season during the quarter to add 2,400 barrels per day of additional refined petroleum products capacity on its Eastline system for transportation services from El Paso, Texas to Tucson, Arizona. The project can be expanded further and is expected to be in service during the third quarter of 2025. In our Terminals business segment, our liquids lease capacity remains high at 95%. Refining cracks and blending margins, though down from recent highs remain constructive and supportive of strong rates and high utilization at our key hubs in the Houston Ship Channel in New York Harbor. Our Jones Act tankers are 100% leased through 2024 and 97% leased in 2025, assuming likely options are exercised. The current market rates remain above our fleet average charter rate and we expect to re-contract at higher charter rates as contracts come up for renewal. The CO2 segment experienced lower oil production volumes at 6%, lower NGL volumes at 3%, and higher CO2 volumes at 3% in the quarter versus the third quarter of 2023. For the full year, we expect oil volumes to be roughly flat to budget. The Board approved two projects today associated with our acquisitions over the last couple of years. These projects include the development of a CO2 flood at the undeveloped leasehold adjacent to SACROC that we acquired in June and the second Phase of the CO2 flood development at Diamond M. We expand -- expect to spend a combined $145 million on these projects, resulting in a peak oil production of greater than 5,000 barrels a day. With that, I'll turn it over to David Michels.
David Michels: Thanks, Tom. So, for the quarter, we're declaring a dividend of $0.2875 per share, which is $1.15 annualized, up 2% from our 2023 dividend. For the quarter, we generated revenue of $3.7 billion, down $208 million from the third quarter of 2023. However, cost of sales were also down and those were down by $381 million. And so, putting those two together, gross margin increased 7% versus last year. Additionally, we generated net income attributable to KMI of $625 million and earnings per share of $0.28, both 17% higher than the third quarter of 2023. On an adjusted net income basis, which excludes certain items, we generated $557 million and adjusted EPS of $0.25, which is flat with last year. We saw year-over-year growth from our natural gas and terminals businesses. The main drivers were contributions from our acquired South Texas midstream assets, greater contributions from our natural gas transportation and storage services across our networks, as well as higher-growth project contributions. Our Products segment was down mainly due to lower commodity prices and the associated impact on our inventory valuations. DCF per share was $0.49, flat with last year. We experienced higher sustaining capital versus last year in the quarter, which is consistent with how we budgeted for it. For the full year, we expect sustaining capital to be in line with budget. So, the quarter was pretty flat with last year. But if you look at a year-to-date -- on a year-to-date basis, performance is nicely up. EPS is up 9% over last year and our adjusted EPS is up 5% on a year-to-date basis versus last year. And as Kim mentioned, while we expect to trend a little bit below budget for the full year, we expect our full year adjusted EBITDA to be 5% higher than 2023 and our adjusted EPS to be 9% higher than 2023. On our balance sheet, we ended the third quarter with $31.7 billion of net debt and 4.1 times net debt to adjusted EBITDA, which is consistent with where we budgeted to end the quarter. Our net debt has decreased $150 million from the beginning of the year and here is a high-level reconciliation of how that change occurred. We've generated $4.2 billion of cash flow from operations. We spent $1.9 billion in dividends. We've spent $2 billion in total CapEx that includes growth, sustaining, and our contributions to our joint ventures. And we've had $50 million approximately of other working capital uses and that gets you close to the $150 million decrease in net debt for the year. And now, I'll turn it back to Kim.
Kim Dang: Okay. Thanks, David. Ted, if you'll come back on, we'll open it up to questions.
Operator: The phone lines are now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] The first question in the queue is from John Mackay with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
John Mackay: Hey, everyone. Thank you for the time. Look, you spent a lot of time again talking about the growth potential that you're seeing coming back across power, et cetera. You've -- you have a couple of projects that are floating around kind of not quite in the backlog yet. I guess we used to call it shadow backlog. I guess I'd just be curious if you could kind of frame up the size of that relative to, let's say, this time last year. And then if you could maybe touch on in that context, maybe Mississippi Crossing and Trident, that'd be great.
Kim Dang: Sure. I mean, I think, as I said earlier, the opportunity set has continued to increase versus from the start of this year and even more since this time last year. And so, I mean, we don't technically have a shadow backlog, but if we did, I would expect that you would see a big increase in that. And so, those projects arrange a lot of singles and doubles, which are great. I think those projects have less risk, and they are generally built off of our existing network and they're very nice returns. And then we have some, that could be much larger. But if you look at, for example the power opportunity, we are talking to power plants in Arizona and Arkansas and Texas and Mississippi and Louisiana and Wisconsin and Colorado. And then obviously, we're addressing the Georgia need through the South System 4. The things that you're seeing on the industrial side, you're seeing battery plants and chip plants in Arizona. You're seeing auto plants in Georgia, petrochemical plants on the U.S. that's driven by the onshoring, that's driven by the CHIPS Act, and that's driven by the fact that we've just got very cheap commodity prices here. So, cheap feedstock for these petrochemical plants. On the export to Mexico, that's driven by power plants, that's driven by nearshoring, that's driven by export LNG. We've got CCS opportunities on petroleum products side. We've -- I got a number of blending opportunities we're working on. There's opportunities on the storage side. As I said today, we -- NGPL added a 10 Bcf storage, opportunity, we added our share of that to the backlog. And so -- and then, on natural gas. So, our backlog itself has grown significantly from last year. I don't remember the exact number, but I think it was in the $3 billion or below this time last year. And now we're over $5 billion. So, that gives you some sense of the things that we're seeing. Also since this time last year, we were saying $1 billion to $2 billion a year in expansion CapEx, and we updated that more recently to say $2 billion in expansion CapEx per year. So, those are all signs of how we see this opportunity set. On the MSX project, I'll let Sital talk about that, the open season.
Sital Mody: Yes, John, this is Sital. So, as you -- as we've been talking about the last couple of calls, we've got two open seasons out there, our theme. We've been saying for a while that we've got a need for more molecules to move from West to East. So, what you have is two open seasons, one with Mississippi Crossing and one with Trident. That basically is getting molecules to where they're needed. Mississippi Crossing can be scaled up to 2 Bcf to get to this -- to the Southeast markets, obviously, to feed some of the Southeast customers that we're working with on South System 4. Trident is a project that gets gas from Katy all the way to the LNG corridor in Port Arthur. And so, we're excited about those projects. We're working with our customers. Needless to say, both of them are in kind of a competitive space. So, hopefully, we'll have more to share on the next call as it pertains to those.
Kim Dang: And they just gave me the number on the backlog, third quarter last year was $3.8 billion. So, we've gone from $3.8 billion to $5.1 billion. So, that's a 34% increase in the backlog.
John Mackay: All right. That's great color. Appreciate all that. I think just second question, we're going into guidance two months from now, obviously, not going to ask you on specific numbers or anything, but if we look at where '24 has trended versus initial guidance, big part of that has been commodity softness. We can debate over how much of that is transitory or not. But could you talk about maybe other puts and takes inside the business that are trending better or slightly softer than expected outside of commodity and just maybe generally how some of those can -- how they'll trend into '25?
Kim Dang: Sure. So, on the natural gas side, obviously got the commodity impact and that's impacting gathering volumes. And so we've seen some weakness versus our budget. And you heard Tom address that in his comments on gathering volumes. On the other hand, we have seen huge strength in the transmission assets, and that's on transport contracts, that's on storage, that's on PAL. And so a lot of upside versus our original budget there, that's offsetting the downside -- some of the downside that we see on commodity and the G&P volumes. So, I think, the question, when you start looking into 2025 is going to be around what we expect G&P volumes to be. I think it's kind of too early to talk about that. I think the first half of the year probably looks a lot like 2024. I think as some of these export LNG volumes come on in the back half, whether that's, I think Corpus has got some volumes coming on. I think Golden Pass should at the end of the year. And then, I think there is some in [Indiscernible]. So, I think, with those volumes coming on, that will lead to a stronger environment to some extent on -- and part of that also depends on what kind of winter we have. But I think going into '25, on the other business segments and, say, products and terminals have rate escalators, we've got some upside on Jones Act. Interest rates are obviously going to be a benefit to us. Expansion projects, getting our RNG facility stabilized, and then we'll just have to see where G&P comes out and where we come out on commodity prices. And then I think cash taxes will probably go up a little bit, but we still will not be a overly significant cash taxpayer.
John Mackay: All right. That's fantastic. I appreciate the time.
Operator: The next question in the queue is from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Michael Blum: Thanks. Good afternoon, everybody. I wanted to just stay on the topic of the percolating gas, gas demand, gas projects. Given just the growing potential backlog of projects that you're looking at, where do you see CapEx trending over the next few years? I know you last quarter kind of raised it from $1 billion to $2 billion up to $2 billion plus or minus $1 billion of growth CapEx, but do you see that trending even higher over time? And any idea of where that could go?
Kim Dang: Okay. So, Michael, I'd say it could. I'd say at this point, there's no change to our roughly $2 billion per year. As I said that, $2 billion -- when we say roughly $2 billion, that can exceed $2 billion, that could be $2 billion, $3 billion, or something like that I think and CapEx can be lumpy depending on the timing of that. So, you got to keep that in mind. But it's something that we review every quarter and that we reviewed before coming into the call this quarter and we'll do so in January of next year. So, we try to keep you up to date on that, but no change at this point. I'd point out that with the cash flow that we generate, we can fund roughly $2.5 billion per year in CapEx out of our cash flow. And then in addition to that, we've got some balance sheet capacity should we need it to be able to fund projects and bring down leverage as they come on. So, I think we're in good shape in terms of being able to fund projects, if we were lucky enough to take that number higher.
Michael Blum: Got it. That's great color. Thanks. And then my other question was really about expected returns. So, obviously, the backlog has lots of different projects, different sizes, types of projects. But if there's anything, just talk about trend-wise, are you seeing better returns on this project? It seems like the South System 4 Expansion was a really attractive multiple versus your total backlog. So, just wondering if you're seeing that trend overall. Thanks.
Kim Dang: I mean I think the returns that we are getting on these projects are pretty consistent with what we've achieved historically and what we've targeted. So, different projects come at different returns depending on how long it takes you to bring a project on, the multiple is likely going to be better to get to the same return because you've just got that, you've got that CapEx drag on the front end. But no, South System 4 is not substantially different than the projects that we've done historically.
Michael Blum: Thank you.
Operator: The next question in the queue is from Theresa Chen with Barclays. Your line is open.
Kim Dang: Hi, Theresa. Theresa?
Operator: Please check your mute button.
Theresa Chen: Can you hear me now?
Kim Dang: Yes.
Operator: We can hear you.
Theresa Chen: Sorry about that. So, looking at your Mississippi crossing project, can you give us some color on the commercial drivers that would allow Kinder to win this project, assuming the binding open season is successful? Do you think this is in part driven by customers' desire to diversify sources of supply beyond the typical Northeast mid-Atlantic corridor?
Sital Mody: Theresa, good question. One, I think as we've been saying before, with the advent of all this LNG coming on in the Gulf Coast, I think the markets are recognizing the need for incremental supply. And this is not only diversification of supply but actual access to physical molecules to be able to handle the upcoming growth. And so I think reaching back to a point of liquidity where you have access to different basins in addition to the existing basins is kind of the play.
Theresa Chen: Got it. And then turning to a different part of your portfolio. With the recent success of one of your competitors in spinning out their liquids business, any thoughts on separating your products business from your natural gas assets to potentially reflect better value in each?
Kim Dang: Yes. I mean, I would say we -- the businesses that we own and operate, we think they are strategic to owning together. We get benefits from owning natural gas and products pipeline. For example, on the integrity side, our integrity team is one that goes across on the ER. On the project management side, we get benefits from that. And so, I think there would be certain dissynergies if you spun those businesses out. I also don't think that, if you look at some of the parts, where we're trading today, if you peel those businesses apart and look at them versus where you look at the Company together, there is a significant discount. And so, there's not a big incentive to incur transaction costs, dis-synergies probably on the G&A side, and dis-synergies potentially on the debt side. That just depends on where interest rates are at the time you would do a transaction like that, but that would make sense right now. It's a very market-dependent transaction. And so you've got to have very strong views about where the companies would trade in the aftermarket that are significantly different from some of the parts in order to justify taking on that kind of risk of spending -- of breaking up a Company.
Theresa Chen: Thank you very much.
Operator: Next question is from Zack Van Everen with TPH. Your line is open.
Zack Van Everen: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. Maybe to start, could you guys touch on the recent decision with the U.S. courts on your Cumberland project and kind of what the process is there going forward?
Kim Dang: Yes, sure. And so, as you know, the Sixth Circuit estate, our Army Corps, and our Tennessee air permits or water, water permits. You know what that effectively does is it prevents us from starting construction on that project. So, we believe that decision is wrong. We believe the analysis is flawed on multiple levels, including the standard that they applied for the stay. That's a project where we are delivering natural gas to a natural gas power plant that is converting from coal. And so, here the FERC found that that project would result in a reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. So, it would be good from a greenhouse gas perspective. So, over the last 10 years, our permits, whether that's federal, state, local, have been challenged by anti-fossil fuel opponents, regardless of the benefits to society. We have been very successful in winning those court challenges. Recently on the DC Court of Appeals, they upheld our FERC permits on two separate projects. So, we were also successful in other courts on state and local permits related to those projects. And so we've had -- this isn't something that is new for us, but we're working with the impacted agencies, the Army Corps and TDEC to determine next steps and I think both of those agencies are going to vigorously defend those permits.
Zack Van Everen: Perfect. That makes sense. And then maybe one on the FID on Gulf Coast Express. I think when looking back to Permian Highway, that took about a year. Is that a similar timeline you guys are looking at for this expansion?
Sital Mody: Yes. Permian Highway took about 19 months. Here, we're probably kind of conservatively saying 22 months given all the -- there's quite a bit of demand on compression and some of the electrical components. That being said, we're targeting a mid-'26 in-service date. So, not quite the 19 months on PHP, but we don't see it being that far out of the realm.
Zack Van Everen: Got it. Makes sense. Appreciate the time, guys.
Operator: Next question is from Jean Ann Salisbury with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hi. Between the Gulf Coast expansion and Blackcomb, there's a lot of gas heading to the Agua Dulce area. Is there a risk that there won't be enough demand in the area in 2026, especially if LNG projects get delayed? And how do you see the GCX expansion is positioned for that risk?
Sital Mody: So, good, very good question. I think, look, if there's any delay to the demand centers, particularly the LNG demand centers, could there be some pricing exposure? Yes. That being said, for us, part of the -- our discussion points have been, we've got some downstream optionality on our networks for our customers. And so there is -- so that embedded optionality. At the end of the day, when you have that kind of variability, there's going to be some volatility, which storage assets come into play and really that's where I think that becomes increasingly important as we move towards that timeframe. It's a possibility, but not a probability. We don't know yet.
Rich Kinder: And from our standpoint, we have long-term contracts with our shippers.
Kim Dang: Yes. So, we've got long-term contracts with the shippers. I always though point out that it's a potential for us to profit on our Texas Intrastate business where we do buy and sell some gas and we try to back-to-back those, but sometimes we are in the daily markets. And so to the extent that that gas gets hit at Agua Dulce and we've got capacity on our pipeline, we can buy effectively cheap gas. And so that will be an opportunity for us. I think the other thing on that is, we do have a project that we've been working on to potentially expand our pipeline systems from Agua Dulce up into Katy. And so if that could create an opportunity for that project just depending on how long that dynamic was anticipated to persist.
Jean Ann Salisbury: That makes sense. Thank you. And then at your Investor Day, you kind of mentioned that you have 200 Bcf of market rate storage. Bringing that up to current market rates is going to be kind of a tailwind. Is that still a tailwind that you see over the next couple of years? Is that mainly still below kind of current rates, if that makes sense?
Kim Dang: Yes. It's about 25% of our storage is market-based rates. Some of that we have rolled and some of it we still have to roll. But in terms of the strength of the storage market, the strength of the storage market is continuing and rates, I think are continuing to get a little bit stronger. On Monday, we talked about a three-year deal that we've done. That was a high watermark for us on the storage side. That was in five-turn service. So, I mean, very valuable storage, but we did hit a high watermark. So, I think that's still going to be a tailwind, but those contracts probably roll over a three-year period roughly. So, you probably roll a third of those a year.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Great. That's helpful. That's all from me. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Next question is from Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Neal Dingmann: Good afternoon, all. First, my first question, just more general on backlog. And I'm wondering, is it fair to assume that we should think of your backlog maybe staying around the $5 billion given, number one, it seems like you have a lot of opportunities you discussed, but you also have, I know, a number of projects that should come on to service in the coming quarters and just wonder how you would expect to think about this?
Kim Dang: Yes. We haven't tried to do a roll forward of our backlog yet, Neal, so I can't really tell you exactly directionally where we're going. As I said, it's increased from $3.8 billion, a year ago. We do have projects rolling off, but I think we -- there's a potential to add some significant projects in addition to, I think, singles and doubles. And to the extent that we add those really significant projects, I think there's potential that, that backlog grows.
Neal Dingmann: That's great to hear. And then just secondly, I know, a bit smaller, just anything you could add on the CO2 portfolio specifically. I know I think last quarter you mentioned just likely no material change in capital spend there. I'm just wondering, will this continue to be the case? I know you've got what, given the development of SACROC and North McElroy are different things, how should we think about that portfolio?
Kim Dang: Yes. I think, Tom mentioned in his comments that we just recently -- well, this quarter, yes, this morning, our Board approved about $150 million of projects in CO2 and those are really new CO2 floods. And on peak production, that's going to get us an incremental 5,000 barrels a day, which is a pretty significant amount on -- as a percentage basis of the existing production. So, Anthony?
Anthony Ashley: Yes. On an annual basis, we're spending probably $200 million a year on expansion. So, I think that just rolls into that program. So, I wouldn't expect a material increase at least in the near-term.
Neal Dingmann: Very good. Thank you both for the details.
Operator: Next question in the queue is from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good afternoon.
Kim Dang: Hey, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Hey. Also wanted to give a belated happy birthday to David there.
David Michels: Thank you, Jeremy.
Kim Dang: You know how old he is?
Jeremy Tonet: I don't think I'm allowed to ask that. But just wanted to kind of pick up on a couple of pieces that were touched on a bit during the call. Kim, I recognize this is kind of an impossible question, but just at a high level, when we think about operating leverage for Kinder, there's weight and capacity on the gathering side. There's weight and capacity on the pipe side and just want to get a sense for, I guess, capital-light growth there. If the G&P really ticks up, if there's a call on gas, higher gas prices, if the peakers are really pulling because they have to run more given high power prices, how does that, I guess impact KMI?
Kim Dang: So, I think there is capacity on some of the gathering, especially in the Eagle Ford. We'd have to add some processing in Eagle Ford. But from a pipe standpoint, you've got plenty in the Eagle Ford. In the Haynesville, we've got a big backbone. But we'll need to add some laterals, potentially some treating depending on what's going on there. I think lateral is probably required in the Bakken, but again, pretty efficient expansions on the gathering and processing side. On the transmission pipes, those are running pretty full as you've seen from some of the utilization that we presented at our conference. And so there, I think more of the upside is going to come as contracts roll. So, it doesn't necessarily -- and then as we can provide some ancillary services around volatility events, I think is where you'd see some tailwinds on those pipes that run at pretty good utilization.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful there. And then just wanted to kind of touch on a little bit more as it relates to the power demand, large customers as well as data centers, potentially. How far upstream could you guys see Kinder going? Could Kinder provide behind-the-meter gas solutions, be it providing the gas or if there was a contract structure that was attractive, even providing the power itself with the gas generation? Just wondering how you think about the opportunity set here.
Kim Dang: Yes, sure. I mean, providing gas directly to a power plant is -- we can do that whether it's behind the meter or in front of the meter. I mean you're asking is it going to be part of the transmission grid or not. I mean that doesn't really impact us. So, we can provide the gas in either scenario on that. We've talked about from time to time, could you have put a power plant next to one of our storage facilities and that would give that power plant very high reliability and then it would also give great reliability potentially to a data center that was located near. We don't have any concrete really plans on that at this point, but it's something that we are looking at.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful. Thank you for that.
Operator: And the next question in the queue is from Keith Stanley with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Keith Stanley: Hi. Thank you. Just two clarification questions. So, the first one, I think you said you could fund $2.5 billion a year of growth CapEx out of cash flow. Would you be comfortable even going higher than $2.5 billion a year on a recurring basis, or do you view $2.5 billion as kind of a cap within your financial framework?
Kim Dang: As I said, right now we're at 4.1 times debt-to-EBITDA. We expect to end the year around 4 times debt-to-EBITDA. The high end of our range on debt-to-EBITDA is 4.5 times, every 0.1 is, roughly $700 million-ish. And so, I mean, you could -- we could debt fund, if you will, some incremental CapEx as long as we were sure that over time based on the cash flow that these projects would bring on, and I think based on the returns that we target, that would occur, that debt-to-EBITDA would come back down over time. And so, that's something that we can do. The other thing is, I mean, our view is when we -- good return projects, we can find capital for. And so, if there were some really, really large projects, we could also get partners on those. So, I don't see a problem being able to fund good projects with good returns, whether it's 100% on us or partnering with private equity or somebody else.
Rich Kinder: We think we can maintain a strong balance sheet and still accommodate our needs for CapEx.
Keith Stanley: Thanks. Makes sense. Second one, just on the -- I wanted to follow up on the court's question. I mean, some of your peers have been affected a little more, but do you see more risk generally with court reviews on projects post the Chevron decision, are there different things you can do on permitting strategy, timing of when you deploy capital, thinking about return requirements to deal with it, if the courts are becoming a little more problematic on new infrastructure?
Kim Dang: What I would say with respect to the Chevron doctrine and this decision is, I don't think the Chevron doctrine played any part in the decision we got on Cumberland. And, I think that this is something that we've been seeing. I mean, even if you go back to PHP, I think we had five or six separate matters that got challenged as we were going through PHP and we had like 14 different hearings that we were successful on. And so, I think this is something that we have been seeing for a while. Yes, there are things that we can do to try to make the situation better. I think as we work through permits, it's not sufficient just to get a permit. We have to make sure that we're covering all the bases and doing all the work necessary to try to make these -- the permits that we receive defensible in court. And I think that I don't -- so, I don't see it right now being more difficult than what we've seen in the past. I think people should expect that we're going to get challenged and that we're going to work that into our strategy. We're going to work that into how we deploy capital and we're going to figure out how to overcome that as we do these projects just as we have for the last 10 years.
Keith Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: And I'm showing no further questions at this time.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Well, thank you all for joining us this afternoon. Have a good evening.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-17 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's call. Today's call is also being recorded. If you do have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. And I would now like to turn the call over to Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. Thank you. You may begin.
Rich Kinder: Thank you, Sue. As usual, before we begin, I'd like to remind you that KMI's earnings release today and this call include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosures on forward-looking statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release as well as review our latest filings with the SEC for important material assumptions, expectations, and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking statements. Now on these investor calls, I'd like to share with you our perspective on key issues that affect our Midstream Energy segment. I previously discussed increased demand for natural gas resulting from the astounding growth in LNG export facilities. And last quarter, I talked about the expected growth in the need for electric power as another significant driver of natural gas demand. Since that call, there has been extensive discussion on this topic with the consensus developing that electricity demand will increase dramatically by the end of the decade, driven in large part by AI and new data centers. I'm a firm believer in anecdotal evidence, particularly when it comes from the actual users of that power and the utilities who will supply it, and from the regulators who have to make sure that the need gets satisfied. And the anecdotal evidence over the last few months has been jaw-dropping. Let me give you just a few examples. In Texas, the largest power market in the US, ERCOT now predicts the state will need 152 gigawatts of power generation by 2030. That's a 78% increase from 2023's peak power demand of about 85 gigawatts. This new estimate is up from last year's estimate of 111 gigawatts for 2030. Other anecdotal evidence also supports a vigorous growth scenario. For example, one report indicates that Amazon alone is expected to add over 200 data centers in the next several years, consistent with the large expansions being undertaken by other tech companies chasing the need to service AI demand. Annual electricity demand growth over the last 20 years has averaged around one-half of 1%. Within the last 60 days, we've seen industry experts predict annual growth from now until 2030 at a range of 2.6% to one projection of an amazing 4.7%. So the question becomes, how will that demand be satisfied and how much of a role will natural gas play? Many developers of data centers would prefer to rely on renewables for their power, but achieving the needed 24/7 reliability by relying only on renewables is almost impossible and growth in usage is limited by the need for new electric transmission lines, which are difficult to permit and build on a timely basis. Batteries will help some and some tech companies now want to use dedicated nuclear power for their facilities. But as the Wall Street Journal recently pointed out, they will likely increase reliance on natural gas to replace the diverted nuclear power. Again, anecdotal evidence is key. In Texas, a program that would extend low-cost loans for new natural gas-fired generating facilities was massively oversubscribed, which an ERCOT official predicting a day’s gas daily could result in an additional 20 gigawatts to 40 gigawatts just in the state of Texas. And the Governor has already suggested expanding this low-cost loan program. That oversubscription, I think, is clear evidence that the generators are projecting increased demand for natural gas-fired facilities. Perhaps Ernest Moniz, Secretary of Energy under President Obama summed it up best when he said and I quote, there's some battery storage, there's some renewables, but the inability to build electricity transmission infrastructure is a huge impediment, so we need the gas capacity. As an example of how industry players see the world developing, S&P Global Insights has quoted in Gas Daily reports that US utilities plan to add 133 new gas plants over the next several years. And this view is reflected in the significant new project in the Southeastern United States that we are announcing today. While it's hard to peg an exact estimate of increased demand for natural gas, as a result of all this growth and the need for electric power, we believe it will be significant and makes the future even more robust for natural gas demand overall and for our midstream industry. And with that, I'll turn it over to Kim.
Kim Dang: Okay. Thanks, Rich. I'll make a few overall points and then I'll turn it over to Tom and David to give you all the details. We had a solid quarter. Adjusted EPS increased by 4%, EBITDA increased by 3%, and those were driven by growth in our natural gas segment and our two refined products business segments. We ended the quarter at 4.1 times debt-to-EBITDA and we continue to return significant value to our shareholders. Today, our Board approved a dividend of $0.2875 per share and we expect to end the year roughly on budget. Now, let's turn and talk about natural gas for a minute. The long-term fundamentals in natural gas have gotten stronger over the course of this year with the incremental demand expected from power and backing-up data centers that Rich just took you through. Overall, WoodMac (ph) projects gas demand to grow by 20 Bcf between now and 2030, with a more than doubling of the LNG exports as well as an almost 50% increase in exports to Mexico. However, they are projecting a 3.9 Bcf a day decrease in power demand. As Rich's comments indicated, we simply do not believe that will be the case given the anticipated power-related growth in gas demand associated with AI and data centers, coal conversions, and new capacity to shore up reserve margins and backup renewables. Let's start with the data center demand. Utility IRPs and press releases published since 2023 reflect 3.9 Bcf a day of incremental demand, and we would expect that number to grow as other utilities update their IRPs. It's early in the process, but we're currently evaluating 1.6 Bcf a day of potential opportunities. Most estimates we have seen are between 3 and 10 of incremental gas demand associated with AI. Rich took you through the 20 Bcf a day of natural gas power that Texas is contemplating, subsidizing, I should have said 20 gigawatts as well as the US projection of 133 new gas plants over the next several years. At Kinder Morgan, we're having commercial discussions on over 5 Bcf a day of opportunities related to power demand, and that includes the 1.6 of data center demand. Certainly, not all these projects will come to fruition, but that gives you a sense of the activity levels we're seeing and supports our belief the growth in natural gas between now and 2030 will be well in excess of the 20 Bcf a day. Not including -- not included in the 5 Bcf of activity that we're seeing is capacity SNG signed up on its successful open season for its proposed approximately $3 billion South System 4 Expansion that's designed to increase capacity by 1.2 Bcf a day. Upon this completion, this project will help to meet the growing power demand and local distribution company demand in the Southeastern markets. Mainly as a result of this project, our backlog increased by $1.9 billion to $5.2 billion during the quarter. In the past, we have indicated that we thought the demand for natural gas would allow us to continue to add to the backlog, and South System 4 project is an example of that. We continue to see substantial opportunities beyond this project to add to our backlog. The current multiple on our backlog is about 5.4 times. During the quarter, we also saw some very nice decisions from the Supreme Court. On the Good Neighbor Plan, the court stayed the plan, finding that we are likely to prevail on the merits. There's still a lot to play out here, but I do not think the Good Neighbor Plan will be implemented in its current form. It is likely to be at least a few years before a new or revised plan could be put together and a few years beyond that for compliance. And in the interim, we've got a presidential election. The overturning of the Chevron doctrine, which gave deference to regulatory agencies when the law is not clear, is also a positive. Together, these decisions will help mitigate the regulatory barrage we've seen over the last couple of years. And with that, I'll turn it over to Tom to give you some details on our business performance for the quarter.
Tom Martin: Thanks, Kim. Starting with the natural gas business unit, transport volumes increased slightly in the quarter versus the second quarter of 2023. Natural gas gathering volumes were up 10% in the quarter compared to the second quarter of 2023, driven by Haynesville and Eagle Ford volumes, which were up 21% and 8% respectively. Given the current gas price environment, we now expect gathering volumes to average about 6% below our 2024 plan, but still 8% over 2023. We view the slight pullback in gathering volumes as temporary that higher production volumes will be necessary to meet demand growth from LNG expected in 2025. Looking forward, we continue to see significant incremental project opportunities across our natural gas pipeline network to expand our transportation capacity and storage capabilities in support of growing natural gas markets between now, 2030 and beyond. At our products pipeline segment, refined product volumes were up 2%, crude and condensate volumes were flat in the quarter compared to the second quarter of 2023. For the full year, we expect refined product volumes to be slightly below our plan about 1%, but 2% over 2023. Regarding development opportunities, the company plans to convert its Double H Pipeline system from crude oil to natural gas liquid service, providing Williston Basin producers and others with NGL capacity to key market hubs. The approximately $150 million project is supported by definitive agreements and the initial phase of the project is anticipated to be in service in the first quarter of 2026, with the pipe remaining in crude service well into 2025. Future phases could provide incremental capacity, including in support of volumes out of the Powder River Basin. In our Terminals business segment, our leased liquid capacity remains high at 94%. Utilization and project opportunities at our key hubs at the Houston Ship Channel and the New York Harbor remain very strong, primarily due to favorable blend margins. Our Jones Act tankers are 100% leased through 2024 and 92% leased in 2025, assuming likely options are exercised. And currently, market rates remain well above our vessels at current -- currently contracted rates. The CO2 segment experienced lower oil production volumes at 13%, lower NGL volumes at 17%, and lower CO2 volumes at 8% in the quarter versus the second quarter of 2023. For the full year, we expect oil volumes to be 2% below our budget and 10% below 2023. During the quarter, the CO2 segment optimized its asset portfolio in the Permian Basin through two transactions for a net outlay of $40 million. The segment divested its interest in five fields and acquired the North McElroy Unit currently producing about 1,250 barrels a day of oil and an interest in an undeveloped leasehold directly adjacent to our SACROC field. The impact of these two transactions is to replace fields with high production decline rates and limited CO2 flood opportunities with fields that have attractive potential CO2 flood projects. In the Energy Transition Ventures group, they continue to have many carbon capture sequestration project discussions that utilize our CO2 expertise for potential projects to take advantage of our existing CO2 network in the Permian Basin and our recently leased 10,800 acres of pore space near sources of emissions in the Houston ship channel. These transactions take time to develop, but the activity level and customer interest are picking up. With that, I'll turn it over to David Michels.
David Michels: All right. Thanks, Tom. So a few items before we cover the quarterly performance. As Kim mentioned, we're declaring a dividend of $0.2875 per share, which is $1.15 per share annualized, up 2% from our 2023 dividend. As disclosed in the press release, we're changing our Investor Day presentation from annual to biannual. We plan to continue to publish our detailed annual budget early in the first quarter as normal. Also, last one before we get to the quarterly performance, I'd like to recognize our accountants, planners, legal teams, business unit teams, everyone involved in the preparation for our earnings release and our 10-Q filing, we already have a tough close at this time of year with many working during the July 4th holiday period. And additionally, many of our Houston-based colleagues were impacted by Hurricane Beryl. I want to thank you all for going above and beyond to meet the challenges presented by power outages and damage and not missing a beat with regards to our quarterly reporting and analysis schedule. For the quarter, we generated revenue of $3.57 billion, up $71 million from the second quarter of last year. Our cost of sales were down $4 million, so our gross margin increased by 3%. We saw our year-over-year growth from natural gas products and terminals businesses, the main drivers were contributions from our acquired South Texas Midstream assets, greater contributions from our natural gas transportation and storage services and higher contributions from our SFPP asset. Our CO2 business unit was down versus last year, mainly due to lower crude oil volumes due to some timing of recovery of oil in the second quarter of 2023. Interest expense was up due to higher short-term debt balance due in part to our South Texas Midstream acquisition. We generated net income attributable to KMI of $575 million. We produced EPS of $0.26, which is flat with last year. On an adjusted net income basis, which excludes certain items, we generated $548 million, up 1% from Q2 of 2023. We generated adjusted EPS of $0.25, which is up 4% from last year. Our average share count reduced by 18 million shares or 1% due to our share repurchase efforts. [Technical Difficulty] up 2% from last year. Our second-quarter DCF was impacted by higher sustaining CapEx and lower cash taxes, both of which are at least in part due to timing. We expect cash taxes to be favorable for the full year and sustaining capital to be in line with budget for the full year. On a year-to-date basis, EPS is up 5% to last year and our adjusted EPS is up 9% from last year, so good growth. On our balance sheet, we ended the second quarter with $31.5 billion of net debt and a 4.1 times net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio, which is consistent with where we budgeted to end the quarter. Our net debt has decreased $306 million from the beginning of the year and I'll provide a high-level reconciliation of that change. We generated $2.9 billion of cash flow from operations year-to-date. We've paid out dividends of $1.3 billion. We've spent CapEx of $1.2 billion and that includes growth sustaining and contributions to our joint ventures. And we had about $100 million of other uses of capital, including working capital. And that gets you close to the $306 million decrease in net debt for the year. And with that, I'll turn it back to Kim.
Kim Dang: Okay. And so now we'll open it up for questions. Sue, if you could come on, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Manav Gupta with UBS. You may go ahead.
Manav Gupta: Thank you, guys. First, a quick question here. The backlog went up pretty much, I mean, on a good note, which is very positive, but the multiple also went up just a little. So if you could just talk about the dynamics of those two things here.
Kim Dang: Okay. Sure. So the backlog, as I said, was up by $1.9 billion. That's really two projects that are driving that. It's the South System 4 that we mentioned and then it is also Double H is the other one and it's our share of South System 4. And then with respect to the multiple, yes, it increased a little bit. As we always say, the reason that we give you the multiple is to give you guys some idea of the returns that we're getting on these projects so that you can be able to model the EBITDA. Now it is not our goal ever to -- we're not targeting a specific multiple and getting a specific multiple on the backlog when we look at these projects. When we look at these projects, we're looking at an internal rate of return. And so -- and we have a threshold for that, and we have a pretty high threshold for our projects. And that threshold is well, well, well in excess of our cost of capital. And then we vary around that threshold, what I'd say, marginally depending on the risk of a project. And so if we have -- and projects that we do, that are connected to our existing infrastructure, where it's not greenfield, tend to have a much higher multiple associated with it. When we are having to loop a pipeline or something, those typically might have a little bit higher multiple, but they're still meeting our return thresholds. And so I think these are very -- despite the fact that the multiple on the backlog is going up a little bit because of these projects, these are still very, very attractive return projects.
Manav Gupta: Thank you for a very detailed response. My quick follow-up here is, you mentioned the demand coming from data centers and we completely agree with you. When you are having these discussions with the data center operators, we believe at one point, these data center operators were not even talking to natural gas companies, they were only talking to renewable sources. Have you seen a change in sentiment where reliability has become a key factor, so you are a bigger part of these conversations than you were probably 18 or 24 months ago?
Kim Dang: Yeah. I'd say our initial reaction was similar to yours when we started to see this demand was, they're probably going to target renewables. But as we have had discussions with them, I think that the two things are key from their perspective. One is reliability, and two is feed the market. And so I think natural gas, and Rich said this last quarter, given the reliability of natural gas, it is going to play, we believe, a key role in supplying energy to these data centers.
Manav Gupta: Thank you very much. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from John Mackay with Goldman Sachs. You may go ahead.
John Mackay: Hey, team. Thanks for the time. Maybe we'll pick up a little bit on that last one, surprisingly. So if you guys are talking about 5 Bcf of power demand discussions right now, would just be curious to hear a little bit from you on where you're seeing that geographically. Is it primarily Texas? Is it elsewhere in the portfolio? And anything you can comment on in terms of speed-to-market? And again, that might be a Texas versus kind of more FERC jurisdiction kind of discussion, but both of those would be interesting. Thanks.
Kim Dang: Okay. No, I think the -- and Sital and Tom, you guys supplement here. But this the 5 Bcf is overall power, so some of that's related to AI and some of it's just related to coal replacements, shoring up reserve margins, backing up renewables. So it's across the board, we're seeing it in Texas, we're seeing it in Arkansas, we're seeing it in Kentucky, we're seeing it in Georgia. Desert in Arizona, desert Southwest, I mean it's -- it is in almost all the markets we serve. We're seeing some sort of increase in power demand.
John Mackay: And maybe just on the kind of time-to-market in terms of how long it could bring -- how long it could take to bring to the market?
Kim Dang: It's very much dependent on where these are going to be cited. And so it depends on, is it a regulated market? Is it an unregulated market? So that's just going to vary depending on the market location.
John Mackay: Yeah. Appreciate that. And just a second question, you guys talked a little bit about some kind of portfolio optimization here. There's the CO2, I guess, you could call it asset swap. There's a line in the release on maybe some divestitures in the nat gas segment. I guess, I'd just be curious overall for an updated view on how you're thinking about kind of portfolio pruning and optimization over time.
Kim Dang: Okay. So on natural gas, I'm not sure. We did have a divestiture earlier in the year, which was a gathering asset, but not -- that wasn't during this quarter. And so that was just -- it was an asset that wasn't core to our portfolio and we had someone approach us, and so the price made sense, and so we sold it. On the CO2 sale, we had three -- four fields where there was limited opportunity for incremental CO2 floods. And that is our business, is injecting CO2 to produce more oil. And so we sold those fields that had limited opportunity. And then we acquired a field called North McElroy, which we think has a very good flood potential. And then we acquired a leasehold interest in some property that is adjacent to some of our most prolific areas of SACROC, that we think will also be a great CO2 flood opportunity.
John Mackay: Okay. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Keith Stanley with Wolfe Research. You may go ahead.
Keith Stanley: Hi, good afternoon. Wanted to follow up -- hi. I wanted to follow up on the SNG South System project. Can you just talk to the timeline for regulatory approval, start of construction? And is it all coming into service in late 2028 and/or phased over time? And then it -- sorry for the multipart question, is it also fair to assume your customer here is your partner, Southern, on the project or is it a broader customer base supporting this project?
Sital Mody: Yeah. So, Keith, this is Sital. One, we had an open season. We do have a broad customer base in terms of regulatory timeline with an in-service of 2028. Clearly, we plan a project of this scale to pre-file and then and then do a [firm filing] (ph), probably without getting into too much detail, there is always competition sometime next summer with a targeted in-service date of late '28. So that's probably the 50,000 foot view on bottom line. Did I answer your question?
Keith Stanley: Yeah. And then just on -- yes, yes, you did. Does it on -- does the contribution come in all in the end of 2028 or has it phased in over time as you see it?
Sital Mody: So we have -- we do have initial phase in '28 and we do have some volumes trickling into year after.
Keith Stanley: Okay, great. Thank you. Second question. Wanted to touch back on the Texas loan program for gas-fired power plants. How can we think about the opportunity for Kinder here? So, say Texas builds 20 gigawatts of new gas-fired power plants over the next five years. What type of market share do you have in the Texas market today [in] (ph) connecting to power plants? What's a typical sort of capital investment to do a plant tie-in? Just any sort of thoughts of what it could mean for opportunities for the intrastate system?
Sital Mody: So, if I had to take a snapshot and don’t quote me on this, probably today we're about 40%, probably have a 40% share in Texas in terms of connecting and the cost to connect, I really think it's going to vary depending on where the ultimate location is going to be. We do have some unique opportunities where it's actually quite low in terms of -- it's very capital-efficient and there are some targeted opportunities that might involve a little bit more capital.
Kim Dang: It really gets to how -- are they going to be located on our existing system or are we going to need to build a lateral and how far is -- how long is that lateral going to need to be? And then are there going to be opportunities where it requires some expansion of like some mainline capacity? So that's what Sital means. So it's just going to depend with respect to how big the capital opportunity is.
Keith Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. You may go ahead.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good afternoon.
Kim Dang: Good afternoon.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to pivot back to Double H conversion here and how the -- did you say how the NGLs are getting out of Guernsey at this point on -- with this project and I guess, are you working with any other midstreamers on this project overall?
Sital Mody: So, one, our goal is to get it to market, the market being Conway and Mont Belvieu. And I think when you think about it broadly, a couple of calls ago, we talked about the basin in general and our desire to get egress both on the residue side and this is an opportunity to get egress on the NGL side. We see the basin are growing quite significantly. The GORs are rising. And so without getting into the complicated structures here because we are in a very competitive situation, I'll just leave it at this that we are able to get to both the Conway and the Mont Belvieu markets.
Kim Dang: Yeah. And I'd say the other thing, Jeremy, when Sital says the market is growing, we don't expect some big growth in crude. He's really talking about the NGLs and the gas because of the increase in GOR.
Sital Mody: That’s right.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Okay. And maybe just pivoting when talking about a highly competitive market as far as Permian natural gas egress is concerned. Just wondering any updated thoughts you could provide with regards to the potential for brownfield expansion, be it through GCX expanding or greenfield as well getting to a different market or even the potential to market a joint solution at the same time. Just wondering how you see this market evolving, given that 2026 Permian gas egress looks like a deja vu all over again.
Sital Mody: Yeah. Look, good question, and the question is your -- unfortunately, I don't have a different answer for you this time. We still aren't prepared to sanction the GCX project, still in discussions with our customers on the broader Permian egress opportunity. We've been, as I said, pursuing opportunity. We don't have anything firmed up. There is -- it's a competitive space. We are open to all sorts of structures on that front and are willing to consider what's best for the basin.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Understood. I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Theresa Chen with Barclays. You may go ahead.
Theresa Chen: Hi, I wanted to follow-up on the Double H line of questions. Can you tell us how much capacity the pipe will be in once it converted to NGL service? And would you expect the line to be highly utilized right away in first quarter of 2026, or will there be potentially a multi-quarter or multi-year ramp in the commitments?
Sital Mody: So, in terms of capacity, this is all -- this is going to depend on the hydraulic combinations of our suppliers and ultimately what market they take that to. So, I think the takeaway here is, we've got a firm commitment that will likely start day one. And then as we scale the project, it is scalable, both from the Bakken and from the Powder River, and really the ultimate capacity is going to depend on the customer.
Theresa Chen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Spiro Dounis with Citi. You may go ahead.
Spiro Dounis: Thanks, operator. Afternoon, everybody. First question, maybe just to talk about capital spending longer term. Historically, you've talked about spending near the upper end of that sort of $1 billion to $2 billion range, but Rich and Kim, if I sort of combine your statements at the outset, it seems to suggest, like, there's a pretty robust opportunity set ahead that maybe wasn't contemplated when you sort of last gave us that update. So, I'm curious, as you think about these larger projects coming in, like SNG and then the broader power demand you referenced earlier, are you still sort of on track to be in that $2 billion zone long term?
Kim Dang: Yeah. I'd say we wouldn't say $1 billion to $2 billion anymore. We would just say around $2 billion. And, around $2 billion could be $2 billion, it could be $2.3 billion. I mean, just in that general area is what I would say. When you think about something like an SNG, it's got a 2028 in-service, and so that's going to be capital that you're spending, just call it rough math two years of construction. So, most of that capital will be in '27 and '28. And so, that's filling out the outer years of potential CapEx. So, around $2 billion.
Spiro Dounis: Okay. So, it sounds like not a material departure from before. Got it. And then...
Kim Dang: And I'd say, look, I'd say on the stuff that Rich and I are talking about, as I said, the $5 billion project -- I mean, the 5 Bcf a day projects that we're pursuing, that's stuff that we're pursuing today, right? That's not things that are in the backlog today. And so, part of my point on the -- is -- was, we continue to see great opportunity beyond SNG. SNG, the 1.2 Bcf a day is not included in the 5 Bcf a day of potential opportunity. So, I think projects like SNG continue to fill out that CapEx in the outer years and give us more confidence that we'll be spending $2 billion for a number of years to come.
Spiro Dounis: Got it. Okay. That's helpful color. And then switching gears a bit here, Kim, you talked about some of the sort of regulatory events that are sort of becoming tailwinds now, headwinds at first, and I know one other sort of macro factor that sort of got you last year or two was with interest rates that were on the rise. I guess as we look forward, I'm not sure what your view is, but it seems like we're setting up for some rate cuts later this year. So, maybe, David, maybe you could just remind us, as we think about your floating rate exposure, what does that look like in 2025, and is this a potential tailwind for you?
Kim Dang: Yeah. And I'll let -- it is a potential tailwind because the forward curve today is -- for 2025, is below what we've experienced in 2024 to date and what the balance of the year is. So, '25 curve is below '24, but I'll let David give you an update on our floating rate exposure.
David Michels: Yeah. It could be -- we'll see if we actually get these rate cuts or not. Remember, we all expected a bunch of rate cuts in 2024 as well, but we didn't get them. We do have a fair amount of floating rate debt exposure. We've intentionally brought it down a little bit because it's been unfavorable to later on additional swaps in the last couple of years, and so our floating rate debt exposure has come down from about $7.5 billion to about $5.3 billion. Additionally, we've locked in a little bit of that $5.3 billion for 2025, similar to past practice to take advantage of some of the forward curve, the favorable interest rate forward curves that we're seeing for next year. So, about 10% of that, I think, is locked in for 2025 at favorable rates. The rest of it gives us a good opportunity to take advantage of any short-term interest rate cuts that we see coming to the market.
Spiro Dounis: Great. I'll leave it there. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo. You may go ahead.
Michael Blum: Thanks. Good afternoon, everyone. So, I wanted to get back to the discussion on the data centers. It seems like the hyperscalers are much less price-sensitive, and they're willing to pay higher PPAs to secure power. So, do you think that could translate into you earning higher returns than you've gotten historically on some of these potential gas pipeline projects, and is there any way to quantify that?
Kim Dang: I think that -- I think we're early in the game. I think that's hard to judge at this point. I would say, again, their two priorities are going to be reliability and speed to market. And I think that's what you're seeing -- that's what you're hearing from the power guys on the -- when they're getting the PPAs. So, I think we will get -- I think we are confident that we'll be able to meet our return hurdles on these projects, but exactly what we're going to get on these projects at this point, I think it's too early to say that. And, generally these things will be -- there'll be some competition. And so, I wouldn't expect us to get outrageous returns by any stretch.
Michael Blum: Okay. That makes sense. Thanks for that. And then, just one more follow-up on Double H. I believe the capacity -- the oil capacity of that pipe was, I think, 88 million barrels a day, so -- 88,000 barrels a day. So, I'm just wondering, should we assume that the NGL capacity will be kind of similar?
Sital Mody: Well, I mean, it depends on the receiving delivery. Just think about it this way. I'll just make it real simple. If you're at the beginning of the pipe and at the end of the pipe, it could be. If you're in the middle of the pipe and bringing in volumes, it could be more. I mean, it just depends. So...
Kim Dang: And then, you got to get it to market. And so...
Sital Mody: You got to get -- that's right.
Kim Dang: It depends on downstream as well. But yeah, I mean, I think for the Double H pipe itself, I mean, if you're coming in at the origin and going out at the terminus, yeah, I mean, that's fair. But as Sital points out there, maybe people coming in at various points, and then the downstream points are going to matter as well.
Michael Blum: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tristan Richardson with Scotiabank. You may go ahead.
Tristan Richardson: Hi, good afternoon. Maybe just one more on the CO2 portfolio. Can you talk about sort of capital needs or opportunities with the new portfolio? Historically, you've spent $200 million to $300 million annually here and you noted that there are greater flood opportunities with the new assets. Curious kind of how this changes capital deployment in CO2? And then also in the context of -- I think in the past, you've noted a 10-year development plan of around $900 million. Just curious sort of what the new portfolio kind of looks like going forward.
Anthony Ashley: Okay. Tristan, it's Anthony. I think I wouldn't expect a material change in the capital numbers -- the annual capital numbers for CO2. We weren't spending a lot on any of the divested assets. There are obviously opportunities that you mentioned with regards to the two new assets. I think the undeveloped acreage that we're talking about, that will become part of our annual SACROC numbers. And then North McElroy, we think there's excellent opportunity there, as Kim and Tom said. But we've got to do a pilot first. And so, we'll be proving out that opportunity. And once we prove out that opportunity, I think we'll have more to say on that.
Tristan Richardson: Thanks, Anthony. And then maybe just on refined products, it seems like the lower 48 maybe saw a later start to the summer driving season. But it also seems like perhaps volumes have picked up in late June and end of July. Can you talk about what you're seeing this season and maybe what's contributing to that 1% below your initial budget?
Anthony Ashley: Yeah. I would say gasoline overall is reasonably flat. We've actually seen a bit of a pickup in jet fuel, primarily on the West Coast, as you saw in the release. And then on renewable diesel, we've seen a decent pickup on renewable diesel. We're still a decent bit below our total capacity on the renewable diesel hub capacity. And I think we did 48 a day in the third quarter -- I'm sorry, in the second quarter. We've got 57 a day of capacity. As that additional refinery comes on later this year, I think that'll continue to continue to pick up. But with respect to being just slightly below our budget, we had probably slightly higher gasoline numbers in there, but we're reasonably flat with the prior year.
Kim Dang: Yeah, the other thing I'd say on the volumes is, the volumes are one component of the revenue, right, price is the other. And what we've generally seen out in California is that we're moving longer haul barrels rather than some of the shorter haul. So, from an overall revenue standpoint, I think we're in good shape on the refined products.
Tristan Richardson: Appreciate it, Kim. Thank you guys very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Harry Mateer with Barclays. You may go ahead.
Harry Mateer: Hi. Good afternoon. So, first question for South System Expansion 4, how should we think about funding that given you have the JV opco structure [Songas] (ph)? And I guess specifically, how much of an opportunity is there for some non-recourse debt financing to be used at the [Songas] (ph) entity itself?
David Michels: Yeah, it's a good question. I think we're -- it's still early stages and we're still evaluating all our options. Generally with these JV arrangements, we prefer to fund at the parent level because our cost of capital is attractive, but we are evaluating our different funding opportunities. I don't -- we've never really been big fans of project financing, puts a lot of pressure on the project and so forth, but we're still evaluating the best course forward. Because of the build time, it's going to take some amount of time to get the pipeline into service. So, there is likely just to be going to be a fair amount of equity contributions in order to fund that as opposed to at the entity level itself. But it's something that we're looking at actively.
Harry Mateer: Okay. Thank you. And then second in Energy Transition Ventures, I'm curious where and whether acquisition opportunities in RNG might fit right now when you're looking at growth potential in that business.
Kim Dang: Yeah. I'll say a couple of things on that and then Anthony can follow up. But look, I think that business has been harder to operate than we would have expected. And as a result of that, until we get our hands fully around the existing operations, we have sort of stood down, if you will, looking at any significant acquisition opportunities. And I think that once we have these plants operating on a more consistent basis, that we will -- we can reevaluate that. But at this point in time, I think we've just -- we've got to get those plants up and operating consistently. But we think we are on the path to do that and hopefully, that will be the case for the second half of this year.
Harry Mateer: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Samir Quadir with Seaport Global Securities. You may go ahead.
Sunil Sibal: Yeah, hi, good afternoon. This is Sunil Sibal. So, starting off on the new projects that you announced, could you talk a little bit about the contractual construct behind those? What kind of contract durations you have supporting those two projects?
Kim Dang: Yeah. Generally on the South System 4, we've got 20-year take-or-pay contracts with creditworthy shippers. And then we also have a contract that is -- that's underpinning the Double H project. So, consistent with how we've done -- how we do our other projects, I mean, we want to make sure that we've got good credit and good quality cash flow that are supporting a capital builds?
Sunil Sibal: Understood. Then on the full year expectations, I think you mentioned you're tracking a little bit below budget as far as gathering volumes are concerned. Could you talk a little bit about which basins et cetera are tracking below what we were expecting at the start of the year?
Kim Dang: Yeah. I think just -- I mean, what we're assuming for the balance of the year is volumes that are relatively flat with the volumes the first half of this year. So, we're not assuming a big ramp-up in volumes the second half of this year, pretty consistent with what we saw in the first half. And then in terms of the big -- the three big basins where we are going to be South are going to be Eagle Ford, Haynesville, and Bakken. And so, we've seen a little bit of weakness, I think, in each of those, probably a little more in the Haynesville than in the others.
Sital Mody: Yes, I mean, you saw producers react to the pricing in the Haynesville, which is why we've had a little bit of a pullback. But it's prudent.
Tom Martin: But we expect that to ramp up later this year and the next year as demand picks up.
Sital Mody: That's right.
Sunil Sibal: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, we are showing no further questions.
Rich Kinder: All right. Thank you very much for listening and have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-17 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I’ll now turn the call over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. Thank you. You may begin.
Rich Kinder: Thank you, Ted. As always, before we begin, I'd like to remind you that KMI's earnings release today and this call include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and of course, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosure on forward-looking statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release, as well as review our latest filings with the SEC for important material assumptions, expectations and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking statements. Before turning the call over to Kim and the team who reported a good quarter at KMI, let me comment on another broader issue. In past quarters, I've talked a lot about the demand for natural gas resulting from this country's LNG export facilities. Today, I want to speak briefly about what I and others in the industry now see as another source of increased demand for our commodity, the tremendous expected growth in the need for electric power. This growth is being driven by a number of factors, most prominently by the increasing demand of new and expanding data centers, especially those required to support AI. One recent survey showed a projected increase in electric demand to power data centers of 13% to 15% compounded annually through 2030. Put another way, data centers used about 2.5% of U.S. electricity in 2022 and are projected to use about 20% by 2030. AI demand alone is projected at about 15% of demand in 2030. If just 40% of that AI demand is served by natural gas that would result in incremental demand of 7 to 10 Bcf a day. Utilities throughout America are sounding alarm, one Southeast utility announced its expectation that its winter demand would increase by 37% by 2031. PJM Interconnection, which operates the wholesale power market across part of the Midwest and the Northeast, has doubled its 15-year annual forecast for demand growth and estimates that demand in the region by 2029 will increase by about 10 gigawatts. Now to put that in perspective, 10 gigawatts is about twice the power demand in New York City on a typical day. The overriding question is how to handle this increased demand? To answer that question, it's important to understand the nature of the increased demand. It's become increasingly obvious that reliability and affordability are the key factors. The power needed for AI and the massive data centers being built today and plan for the near future, require affordable electricity that is available without interruption 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. This type of need demonstrates that the emphasis on renewables as the only source of power is fatally flawed in terms of meeting the real demands of the market. This is not a knock on renewables. We all know they will play a significant role in the future of electric generation. But it's a reminder, all of us that natural gas and nuclear still have an extremely important role to play in order to provide the uninterrupted power that AI and the data centers will need. The primary use of these data centers is big tech and I believe they're beginning to recognize the role that natural gas and nuclear must play. They like the rest of us, realize that the wind doesn't blow all the time, the sun doesn't shine all the time, that the use of batteries to overcome the shortfall is not practically or economically feasible. And finally, that unfortunately, adding significant amounts of new nuclear power to the mix is not going to happen in the foreseeable future. In addition to all these factors, the market is now understanding that building transmission lines to connect distant renewables to the grid, typically takes years to complete and that's a timeframe inconsistent with the need to place these data centers into service as quickly as possible. All this means that natural gas must play an important role in power generation for years to come. I think acceptance of this hypothesis will become even clearer as power demand increases over the coming months and years and it will be one more significant driver of growth in the demand for natural gas that will benefit all of us in the midstream sector. And with that, I'll turn it over to Kim.
Kim Dang: Okay. Thanks Rich. I'm going to make a few overall points, and then I'll turn it over to Tom and David to give you all the details. We had a great quarter. Adjusted EPS increased by 13%, EBITDA was up 7%, and that was driven by strong performance in natural gas and our refined products businesses. This type of growth is tremendous for a stable fee-based set of midstream assets as large as ours. So, the balance sheet remains strong. We ended the quarter at 4.1 times debt-to-EBITDA and we continue to return significant value to shareholders. Today, our Board approved an increase in the dividend of $0.02 per share. This is the seventh year in a row that we've increased the dividend. Our financial outlook of 14% growth and adjusted EPS for the year as well as the other budget guidance we provided in January is unchanged. We've seen much lower gas prices than we anticipated this year, but the long-term fundamentals in natural gas remain very strong. Gas demand is expected to grow significantly between now and 2030 with a more than doubling of LNG exports as well as a 50% increase in exports to Mexico. And that doesn't include the anticipated substantial increase in gas demand from power associated with AI and data centers that Rich just mentioned, estimates we've seen range anywhere from 3 Bcf to over 10 Bcf and we've seen some estimates as high as 16 Bcf. With respect to the LNG pause, we do not think it impacts our planned projects or the growth in the LNG market between now and 2030, although it could impact the mix of projects. But we think that is an - we think the LNG pause is an unwise decision and bad policy. Our petroleum products business continues to produce very stable cash flow. Volumes are steady and much of the business has tariff for contract escalators. It will produce nice cash flow for years to come. It's also a capital-efficient business and have some nice growth opportunities around the edges in product blending, renewable diesel, and other sustainable fuels. Our backlog of projects increased by about $300 million during the quarter due to new natural gas projects added. The backlog and the multiple on the backlog remains less than 5 times. And I also think that we've got significant opportunity to add to the backlog within the next year. In our ETV business, we secured port space in the Houston Ship Channel for CO2 sequestration with capacity to store more than 300 million tons. Significant distance between the emitting source and the sequestration site often challenges CCS economics, and we've secured a very strategically located site. So we had a nice quarter in terms of growth. We continue to expect nice growth for the year. We've got a sound balance sheet. We returned significant value to our shareholders and we have nice opportunities to invest in the longer-term. With that, I'll turn it over to Tom to give you details on the business performance for the quarter.
Tom Martin: Thanks, Kim. Starting with the natural gas business unit. Transport volumes increased by 2% for the quarter versus the first quarter of 2023, driven primarily by increased flows eastbound on our Rockies interstate pipelines into the Mid-Continent region. The Permian Highway expansion project being placed into service. An increased flows into our LNG customers in Texas, partially offset by decreased volumes delivered to local distribution companies on the East Coast as we had a warmer winter this quarter compared to the first quarter of 2023. Our natural gas gathering volumes were up 17% for the quarter compared to the first quarter of 2023, driven by the Haynesville and Eagle Ford volumes, which were up 35% and 12%, respectively. Given the low price environment, we are now expecting gathering of volumes to average 5% below our 2024 plan, but still 7% over 2023 adjusting for asset sales in both cases. With delayed about 10% of our 2024 budgeted G&P CapEx spend until supply growth returns. And we view this slight pullback in gathering volumes as temporary given higher production volumes will be necessary to meet the demand growth from LNG expected in early 2025. A quick update on our newly acquired South Texas Midstream assets in our Texas intrastate market. The integration of the assets and personnel is going well. We are progressing some of the upside opportunities that we assumed in the acquisition sooner than expected. We feel very good about the long-term earnings expectation and valuation multiple for the acquisition. Our experience and other acquisitions has been that we tend to achieve more value over time than we originally expected from acquiring assets that are highly integrated with our existing network. We are already seeing evidence of that of these assets. In our Products Pipeline segment, refined product and crude and condensate volumes were down 1% for the quarter versus 2023. Gasoline volumes were down 3%, partially offset by an increase in diesel and jet fuel, 2% and 1% increases, respectively. RD volumes flowing through our assets in California continue to grow. We averaged 37,000 barrels a day for the quarter, and we're exploring opportunities to expand our RD capabilities in the Pacific Northwest. Our Terminals segment - our liquids lease capacity remains high at 94%. Utilization at our key hubs at the Houston Ship Channel in the New York Harbor remained very strong, primarily due to favorable blend margins. Our Jones Act tankers are 100% leased through 2024 and 92% leased through 2025, assuming likely options are exercised. The CO2 business segment experienced a 4% lower oil production volumes, 9% higher NGL volumes, and 7% lower CO2 volumes in the quarter versus the first quarter of 2023. With that, I'll turn it over to David Michels.
David Michels: Okay. Thank you, Tom. So for the first quarter of 2024, we're declaring a dividend of $0.2875 per share, which is $1.15 per share annualized up 2% from 2023. For the quarter, we generated revenues of $3.85 billion, which was down $38 million from Q1 of 2023. Our cost of sales was down $108 million, so our gross margin increased 3%, which explains most of the 2% growth in our operating income. Earnings from equity investments is up $78 million, but $65 million of that was due to a non-cash impairment we took in the first quarter of last year. We saw year-over-year growth from our natural gas, products and terminals businesses. The main drivers of that growth came from project contributions, growth project contributions placed in service across each of those business units as well as from additional contributions from our acquired South Texas Midstream assets. We also had higher margins on our natural gas storage assets and higher volumes on our natural gas gathering systems. Interest expense was up due to a higher short-term debt balance due in part to the South Texas acquisition, and we generated net income attributable to KMI of $746 million and EPS of $0.33, both up 10% from Q1 of last year. On an adjusted net income basis, which excludes certain items, we generated $758 million, up 12% from Q1 of last year. And we generated adjusted EPS of $0.34, up 13% from last year. So nice growth as Kim mentioned. Our average share count reduced by 27 million shares or 1% due to our share repurchase efforts. And our DCF per share was $0.64, up 5% from last year. Our first quarter DCF was impacted by higher cash taxes and sustaining CapEx, but that is due to timing of our cash tax payments and maintenance projects. We expect cash taxes to be favorable for the full year and sustaining capital to be in line with our budget for the full year. On our balance sheet, we ended the first quarter with $31.9 billion of net debt, which increased $94 million from the beginning of the year. And here is a high-level reconciliation of that increase. We generated $1.189 billion of cash flow from operations. We paid $630 million in dividends, and we spent about $620 million in total capital, including growth sustaining and contributions to our joint ventures. Finally, as you can see in our press release, we are adjusting our long-term leverage target from around 4.5 times to a range of 3.5 to 4.5 times. We've been operating near the midpoint of that range for several years, and we believe this range is the appropriate long-term guidance for a company like ours that has significant scale in a high-quality business mix, which produces stable cash flows backed by multiyear contracts. And now with that, back to Kim.
Kim Dang: Thanks. Ted, if you would open it up for Q&A, we'll take the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from John Mackay with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
John Mackay: Hi, good afternoon everyone. Thank you for the time. Maybe we'll start on the leverage target because I know it's been a focus for a while. I would love just to hear a little bit more on the decision process to bring it down. And then if we're looking forward relative to how you guys have been operating the last few years, what are the kind of practical outputs you could say or decisions you'll make internally with this new target? Thanks.
David Michels: Sure. So, we started assessing this when our actual operating leverage started gravitating further away from the target leverage of 4.5 times, the budget for 2024 has us at 3.9 times. So, that's when we started assessing it. The timing of the change doesn't really have any - there's no magic to why we're changing it now, except for that slight difference and gravitating away from the 4.5. The practical implications of this change are really - we're not changing the way that we operate our company. We've always kind of had to leverage target of 4.5, but viewed having some cushion below that 4.5 as valuable. We think that this 3.5 to 4.5 is more reflective of where we've been operating and how we'll continue to operate the company going forward.
Kim Dang: I would just reiterate what David said. It's just bringing our policy in line with the way that we run the business. And so there is no change to our overall capital allocation philosophy.
John Mackay: All right. I appreciate that. And maybe shifting gears, you obviously started on the big demand ramp. We're hoping to see on the power gen side. Talked through the - you guys talk through the macro really well. Maybe what I wanted to ask on is just tying that to the micro side. If we're looking at Kinder over the next couple of years, where do you see the biggest opportunities for you guys specifically?
Kim Dang: Well, I think it's pretty early in all of this. And so I think Rich laid out really well sort of what we expect to happen in that market. But if you look right now, I think we serve roughly 20% of the power market in the U.S. And so I think we would - and that's of the overall power market, this will have - this will primarily be focused, we think, on gas because of what Rich said with respect to one consistent power or could have some renewable aspect with gas backup. I think nuclear just will take too long to develop, given when we expect this demand to happen. So, we move 40% of the gas in the U.S. And so we would expect to realize a significant portion of this opportunity. But putting an exact number on that right now is very difficult because we still don't even know exactly how much the demand is going to be, as you can see from the range numbers that we discussed here earlier.
Rich Kinder: But if you just look at overall demand, we've been talking about for months and years, calibrating the demand for LNG export and how much that adds. This is another leg to the stool really. And whether it's 5 Bcf a day, or 10 Bcf a day, we don't know, but it's clearly going to be another leg to the stool in terms of natural gas demand. And I think it will tend to be located near reliable electric generation because if you're a Microsoft or Google, you want that power as close to your facility as possible.
Tom Martin: Yes, I guess one other additional point there, just if you look at the scale of our network across the country, Natural Gas, I think that gives us a great opportunity to serve this market wherever it develops. And I think our reach is unparalleled in the sector.
John Mackay: All right. I appreciate all that. Thank you very much.
Operator: Next question in the queue is from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Michael Blum: Thanks. Good afternoon, everybody. I wanted to ask about the Permian, West Texas. Obviously, Waha prices have been negative of late. And I wonder if you can just remind us if there is a benefit there to you? Is there any negative impact just overall how those Waha prices are impacting you?
Rich Kinder: Yes. So just first, the price macro here at this point in time on micro is purely a result of that this warm winter that we had, I wouldn't normally be this way. I'm not trying to predict pricing. That being said, on the intrastate markets, we do share in some of that upside with some of our proprietary storage that we hold. And so that's where we see some of the benefit. It's obviously longer-term, we've been saying this for some time. There's - we see a need for another pipe, and I'll just nip it in the bud. While I'm talking to you, we don't have anything to announce today, but we continue to try and work on trying to commercialize another pipe still having discussions with customers along those fronts, but nothing to report this morning - this afternoon.
Kim Dang: We've got a little bit of capacity on PHP and GCX. We've hedged a lot of that for this year, but there's a little bit open. But as you go out in time, more of that capacity is open. So we participate, I'd say, around the margin when those spreads blow out. So that delivers a little bit of benefit to our shareholders.
Michael Blum: Great. And then maybe if I can just push on that. So you said you're still working on a project, nothing to announce. Is that more likely to be something like Permian Pass? Or do you think something more like GCX expansion could happen or both?
Rich Kinder: Well, look, we continue to try and commercialize both. As I said the last time, highly competitive. We think there's a need. It's just - it's a matter of making sure we have the contract to support the investment.
Michael Blum: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question in the queue is from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good afternoon.
Rich Kinder: Hi, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to come back to the gathering volumes as you laid out, it seems coming in a bit below budget there. I was wondering if you could dive in a little bit more by basin where you see those volumes coming in softer than budget?
Tom Martin: From a budget perspective, yes, it's slightly below budget in the Eagle Ford and the Bakken those are well - and even a little bit in the Haynesville overall, but still good growth year-over-year. And like I said earlier, I think this is a temporary blip and development of the production because as demand picks up next year, we're certainly going to need all these volumes and more to meet that demand.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful there. And I was just curious, I guess, from a higher level thought process. We've seen some large-cap peers out there look to kind of separate the business along commodity lines such as natural gas versus crude oil. And just wondering how Kinder thinks about the business today, be it the Natural Gas pipes versus the Terminals versus the CO2, if you still see the same synergies of having it all under the same roof or how you think about that in the current environment?
Kim Dang: Sure. I mean all the businesses that we own and operate, we like. We think they provide stable cash flow and good opportunities. I think that really – we could simplify it a little bit for you. I mean, if you put products and terminals together since they're both primarily refined products, we'd have essentially three different commodity lines. We have Natural Gas, we'd have petroleum products, and we have the CO2. I think on CO2, that oil production is going to be needed for a long time. There's going to be incremental opportunities for CO2 flooding in the Permian as you get through all the primary production. And I think that business gives us the expertise that we need to exploit the CCS business. And so the reservoir engineers that we use in that business help us as we go out and talk to customers and talk to them about sequestering their gas and being able to keep it in certain reservoirs. And so the businesses we own and operate, we think, are similar in that they are stable fee-based assets, they are – or to the energy infrastructure. And we will continue to operate the asset, somebody coming in and offering to buy them at a great price, in which case, we are highly economic, and we would entertain that. But I think absent getting a wonderful price for our shareholders, we are happy with the businesses that we own.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Kim Dang: Hi, Neal.
Rich Kinder: Good afternoon, Neal.
Operator: Neal, if you're there please check your mute button.
Neal Dingmann: Sorry about that. Good afternoon, Kim. My question is on shareholder return, given the new plan for, I guess, the modified plan, I'd say, for the leverage. Will that change anything? With these thoughts towards dividends and buybacks on a go forward?
Kim Dang: No. It has – and let me say this again, so that it is clear to everybody. This change is just bringing our policy in line with the way that we have operated over the last couple of years. There is no, zero change in our capital allocation philosophy.
Neal Dingmann: Very clear. And then just a quick follow-up on the – I think I got that one on the – exit midstream assets, I'm just wondering, is that kind of going as you had thought, maybe just talk about integration and potentially even maybe more upside than expected. It seems like it's going quite well.
Kim Dang: South Texas?
Tom Martin: Yes. So I mean, early days, obviously. But yes, we are seeing some of the commercial and development opportunities that we were contemplating when we made the acquisition, we're seeing those opportunities come together sooner than we originally expected. Some of those were out even several years from now. I think we may see something even sooner than that late this year or next year on some of those opportunities. But yes, on the other side, we are seeing slightly lower volumes this year to start with, again, given the lower price environment. But overall, we feel we're going to be on our acquisition model for 2024 and beyond.
Neal Dingmann: Thanks for the detail.
Operator: And the next question is from Keith Stanley with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Keith Stanley: Hi, good afternoon. Just one question on the backlog. So, you increased the $300 million. I think you said you brought on - added some gas projects, just I'm not sure if other projects came into service and maybe it's even more than $300 million. Just give more color on what projects you added? Was there anything notable on that? And then a follow-up, Kim.
Kim Dang: We added, Keith, about $400 million, and we put $100 million of projects in service to get to the $300 million net additions. And on the projects that we added and gas, we added one interstate projects on TGP. We added an intrastate lateral project on the Texas Intrastate and we added a pipeline Egress project in Altamont, which is on the gathering and processing side.
Keith Stanley: Got it. That was all from me. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question in the queue is from Theresa Chen with Barclays. Your line is open.
Theresa Chen: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my questions. I'd like to touch on the theme of increased demand for power related to AI and data centers. Just curious if you had any early discussions with customers as far as the steps it would take to commercialize these activities, these potential projects on your system and what that could look like?
Sital Mody: Yes. So, this is Sital Mody. Just to - I'll give you a micro example of something we're working on in the Southeast. We've got data center looking to connect to our system. As Rich alluded to, reliability is very important. Not only are they looking for reliable power supply, the power provider itself is looking for incremental capacity. And on top of that, the data center is looking for incremental storage to backstop the intermittency of their backup power generator to the effect that it's not available. So, that's an example of something we're looking at in terms of the broader themes. I think they're looking for access to reliable power. They're looking for access to obviously large populations and land and then water is important for cooling purposes. So, those are kind of some of the themes in our discussions, but specifically, that's a good example of something we're working on in the Southeast.
Theresa Chen: Thank you, Sital. And Kim, to your earlier comment about significant opportunities to add to the backlog within the next year or so. Is that referring to an Egress solution out of the Permian? Is there more to that comment? If you could help us unpack that would be great.
Kim Dang: Sure. So, I think it just - it refers to a broad set of opportunities that we're looking at. And so - that is on the supply side, there could be things around Haynesville. We talked about already on this call, coming out of the Permian, there is opportunities coming out of the Eagle Ford as all these basins are going to have to ramp up. Just to get to the 20 Bcf of growth that we've been talking about before you add on top of that, what all the data center and AI demand growth numbers that we talked about. So it is supply to the Southeast, it's LNG on the demand side, it's the industrial growth on the demand side. It is LNG potentially on the West Coast, it's market power growth out in the West. Its power growth in Mexico on the West Coast. So I mean there's a whole bunch of fundamental factors that are driving this. And I think what we're seeing is that the opportunity set has grown. And so - but we are to the point of commercialization of the opportunity set. We won't get all the things that we're looking at. But I think that once you start looking at larger opportunity sets, over time, we're going to add those to the backlog. And so I think some of these opportunities are going to come to fruition within the next year, and that's really what's behind my comments.
Theresa Chen: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question is from Dan Lungo with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Dan Lungo: Hi, guys. Thank you for taking my question. I just want to turn back to the leverage target real quick. I know nothing changed with capital allocation priorities. I was just wondering if you could comment what type of factors would drive it to the higher end of the range and the lower end of the range outside of, obviously, the right acquisition?
Kim Dang: Yes. So I mean here's what I'd say is if we see an acquisition or there's some huge expansion opportunity that could result in leverage going up for a period of time. If there are periods of time when there's less opportunity. Obviously, we produce tremendous amounts of cash flow. And then you could create capacity on the balance sheet for a period of time until more opportunity came along. And so that's why the range it gives us the flexibility to move up and down inside that range, depending on what the environment looks like.
Dan Lungo: Thanks. Very clear. And then does this change anything in regards to how the rating agencies view you - obviously, you've been operating like this for a while. So I don't think it will, but just any comments around what the agencies have said to you guys?
David Michels: I don't want to speak for the agencies. But I do think it matters that 4.5 being our previous target was viewed somewhat – somewhat by the agencies and certainly by some of our fixed income investors as where we would like to operate with our leverage over the longer period of time to get up to that 4.5 times. In reality, the way we operated was - we operated with some cushion below that. So we think that this leverage target is more in line with the way we've been operating, which is what we've told everyone for a long time. But I think by making this change, I think it will have some impact on the way that the rating agencies view our financial policy as well as our fixed income investors.
Dan Lungo: Thanks. Very clear.
Operator: And I'm showing no further phone questions at this time.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Well, thank you all very much. Have a good evening.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-17 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. [Operator Instructions] I would like to inform all parties that today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. Thank you. You may begin.
Rich Kinder: Thank you, Sheila. Before we begin, as usual, I'd like to remind you that KMI's earnings release today and this call include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosures on forward-looking statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release, as well as review our latest filings with the SEC, for important material assumptions, expectations, and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking statements. As we look at our financial outlook for 2024, we are projecting very healthy growth in EBITDA, EPS, and DCF per share. While there are always headwinds and tailwinds for a company as sizable as Kinder Morgan, it appears that our strategy of expanding our assets through expansion CapEx and acquisitions, primarily in our Natural Gas segment, is delivering real benefits to the bottom-line. Kim and the management team will be taking you through our '24 budget in great detail at the Investment Conference next week. In my remarks on these calls over the last few quarters, I've tried to outline the tremendous growth that we and most energy experts expect in natural gas production and demand over the coming years, driven primarily by LNG exports and exports to Mexico. To the obvious relief of all of you on this call, I won't be repeating the details supporting our outlook, but that growth is leading to extensive opportunities to grow our system, which already delivers about 40% of the nation's natural gas throughput. Through selective expansion and extension of our enormous system, we can benefit from this expansion. Thankfully, most of these opportunities are concentrated along the Gulf Coast, where permitting and construction usually moves more quickly than elsewhere. Let me conclude with a bit of humor. Someone has recently said in comparing our growth to that of high-tech companies, that we were like the tortoise in Aesop's Fable compared to the hare represented by high-tech. And that's probably true. But I like to think that looking at 2024, the tortoise is moving a little faster and then I would remind you of who won that race in the end. And with that, I'll turn it over to Kim.
Kim Dang: Thanks, Rich. I'll make a few overall points and then turn it over to Tom and David to give you the details. We ended 2023 slightly below budget, with about 1% on DCF per share and about 2% on EBITDA. There are several different moving pieces, but more than all of it can be attributed to lower commodity prices. Just before year-end, we closed the roughly $1.8 billion NextEra South Texas acquisition. This asset -- these assets fit nicely into our existing Texas system serving the Gulf Coast and Mexico demand markets. We were excited to be able to get that transaction done a little more quickly than we expected. Looking forward to 2024, as Rich said, we expect really nice growth over '23, with every business unit expected to contribute incremental earnings. We've updated the preliminary budget guidance we released in early December of last year to incorporate the South Texas acquisition. As a result, our final 2024 budget now projects 15% growth in earnings per share versus 2023, and 8% growth in DCF per share. Our commodity assumptions in the final budget are unchanged versus the preliminary budget. We assumed WTI of $82 a barrel and $3.50 for Henry Hub natural gas, which was consistent with the forward curve during our annual budget process. While current prices are lower, we did not update prices in our final guidance given their potential to change over the year. However, based on our commodity sensitivities, even at current prices, we would still expect strong growth over 2023, given our relatively modest commodity exposure. For example, at a WTI price of $72 per barrel and Henry Hub of $2.80, earnings per share would grow at 12% versus '23, and DCF per share would grow at 6%. During the fourth quarter, we put $965 million of projects in service and added $344 million to the backlog, which currently stands at approximately $3 billion. Despite the decline versus last quarter, we're still confident in our ability to spend at the high end of the $1 billion to $2 billion per year discretionary CapEx range for the next few years. Our confidence is supported by the roughly 20% expected growth in the natural gas market between now and 2030, driven by LNG exports, exports to Mexico, and industrial demand. We're looking at multiple expansion projects, some of them significant in size, to supply LNG exports from the Texas Coast, the Louisiana Coast, and the West Coast, to supply Mexico through exports from both Texas and Arizona, to bring incremental supply to the Southeast markets for Permian egress, as well as expansion of the storage, and for incremental power and industrial demand. We're in a strong position as we exit 2023 and move into 2024. Our balance sheet is the strongest it has been in about a decade. We're projecting nice growth for 2024. And the natural gas business, which is greater than 60% of KMI's EBDA, is underpinned by 20% growth in that market, leading to nice expansion opportunities. We will continue to return significant capital to our investors through dividends and opportunistic share repurchase. Next week, at our annual Investor Conference, we will review in much more detail our '24 budget, industry fundamentals, and our future opportunity set and answer all your questions. And with that, I'll turn it over to Tom to give you details on the performance for the quarter.
Tom Martin: Thanks, Kim. Starting with the natural gas business unit, transport volumes increased by 5% or 1.9 million dekatherms per day for the quarter versus the fourth quarter of 2022, driven primarily from EPNG's Line 2000 return to service and the Texas intrastate increased LNG feedgas demand and increased power demand. These increases were partially offset by decreased deliveries to local distribution companies. Our natural gas gathering volumes were up 27% in the quarter compared to the fourth quarter of '22, driven by Haynesville volumes which were up 59%, Bakken volumes which were up 14%, and Eagle Ford volumes up 18%. Gathering volumes grew 14% compared to Q3 2023. For the full year, gathering volumes were up nicely at 19% over 2022 and just slightly below our 2023 plan. We continue to see high demand for and utilization of our natural gas assets, which is driving in many instances, longer-term contracts, higher rates, and increased project opportunities in a growing US market. In our Products Pipeline segment, refined product volumes were up slightly about 1% for the quarter versus the fourth quarter of 2022, driven by an increase in jet fuel, partially offset by a slight reduction in diesel volumes. Gasoline volumes were flat for the comparable quarter of last year. We continue to see a considerable ramp in renewable diesel volumes flowing in our pipelines serving California. The pipeline volumes from the RD hub projects we placed into service earlier this year have grown from 700 a day in Q1 to 27,000 a day in Q4, and we're currently expecting well above 30,000 a day in January. As we stated previously, these RD hub projects are largely underpinned with take or pay contracts associated with our terminals facilities, so we get paid most of our revenue even if those volumes do not flow. However, when RD volumes actually flow on our pipelines, we collect the additional tariff on those barrels as well. Crude and condensate volumes were up 7% in the quarter versus fourth quarter of 2022, driven by higher Hiland wellhead volumes and favorable Double H transportation fundamentals from the Bakken. In our Terminals business segment, our liquids lease capacity remains high at 93%. Excluding tanks out-of-service for required inspections, approximately 97% of our capacity is leased. Utilization at our key hubs in the Houston Ship Channel and New York Harbor strengthened in the quarter versus fourth quarter of 2022. We continue to see nice rate increases in those markets and leasing remains near all-time record levels. Our Jones Act tankers are 100% leased through 2024, assuming likely options are exercised. On the bulk side, overall volumes were up 3% from the fourth quarter of 2022, primarily from metals, pet coke, and soda ash tonnage, partially offset by decrease -- decreases in grain and aggregate volumes. Grain volumes are minimum -- have minimal impact on our financial results. Excluding grain, bulk volumes were up 5%. The CO2 segment experienced lower overall volumes on NGLs, CO2, and oil production, and lower prices on NGLs and CO2 versus the fourth quarter 2022. Overall, oil production decreased by 7% from the fourth quarter last year, but was above our plan for this quarter. For the year, net oil volumes slightly exceeded our plan, largely due to better-than-expected performance from projects at Yates and SACROC, as well as strong base volumes post the February outage at SACROC. These favorable volumes relative to the 2023 plan, helped to offset some of the price weakness that we have experienced. With that, I will turn it over to David Michels.
David Michels: Thank you, Tom. So, for the fourth quarter of 2023, we're declaring a dividend of $0.2825 per share or $1.13 per share annualized, which is 2% up from the 2022 dividend. We continued with our opportunistic share repurchase program in the fourth quarter, bringing our total year-to-date repurchases to over 31 million shares at an average price of $16.56 per share, creating a good value for our shareholders. We ended 2023 with net debt to adjusted EBITDA of 4.2 times, and that includes $522 million of repurchased shares and the $1.8 billion closing of our acquisition of the South Texas Midstream assets before year-end. Our leverage would have been 4.1 times if we had included a full year adjusted EBITDA contribution from those acquired assets. We ended 2023 just slightly below budget for the full year. And more than all of that underperformance can be explained by lower-than-budgeted commodity prices. We saw better than budgeted performance in both our natural gas and terminals businesses. And for the quarterly performance, we generated revenues of $4 billion, which was down $541 million from the fourth quarter of 2022. Cost of sales were down a bit more than that, at a reduction of $614 million. Both of those declines were due to a decline in commodity price year-over-year. As you'll recall, we enter offsetting purchase and sales positions in our Texas Intrastate business, which is primarily why our revenue and cost of sales are exposed to price fluctuations, but our margin is generally not impacted by price. Interest expense was higher versus 2022 as expected, driven by short-term interest rates impacting our floating rate interest swaps. We generated net income attributable to KMI of $594 million, down 11% from the fourth quarter of 2022. Our EPS was $0.27, down $0.03 from 2022. Our average share count reduced by 27 million shares or 1% due to the repurchased shares. For our business segment performance, Terminals and Products segments were up, Natural Gas and CO2 segments were down versus the fourth quarter of 2022. The Natural Gas segment was down mostly due to mild winter weather in 2023 versus 2022. The Product Pipeline segment was up due to higher rates on existing assets as well as contributions from new expansion projects, including our renewable diesel assets. Terminals was up due to improved rates on our Jones Act business, contractual rate escalations across multiple assets, and improved tank lease rates in the Northeast region. Our CO2 segment was down due to lower oil and CO2 volumes. Our DCF per share was $0.52, down $0.02 from last year. Excluding interest expense, we were favorable to last year. For the balance sheet, we ended the year with $31.8 billion of net debt, which was an increase from year-end of $901 million -- year-end 2022 that is. So, a high-level of reconciliation for the year-to-date or the full-year 2023 change in net debt is as follows. We generated $6.5 billion of cash flow from operations. We spent $2.5 billion in dividends. We spent $2.5 billion of total CapEx. That includes our growth, sustaining, and contributions to JVs. We repurchased $500 million of stock and we spent $1.8 billion on the South Texas Midstream acquisition, which gets you close to the $901 million increase in net debt for the year. As Kim mentioned, we updated our 2024 budget for the South Texas acquisition from the December guidance that we released. As you can see, the acquisition was quite accretive on both EPS and DCF per share. We're very pleased with the resulting growth projected for 2024 with EPS growth of 15%, DCF per share and EBITDA growth of 8%, and a nice improvement in our leverage ratio to 3.9 times by year-end 2024. And as Rich said, we'll be providing all the details behind those at our annual Investor Day meeting one week from today. With that, back to Kim.
Kim Dang: Okay. Sheila, we'd like now to open it up for questions. We would request that those asking questions, if you'd please limit it to one question and one follow-up. And if you have additional questions, please get back in the queue, and we will stay here until we get to everyone.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good afternoon.
Kim Dang: Good afternoon, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Maybe just starting off here, wanted to start off with the recent weather. It's been a cold snap that we've seen across a lot of the country, in Texas as well. And last time we saw a cold snap with Uri, it led to notable opportunities for the Midstream and KMI, and granted, it's probably not the same order of magnitude here by any means, but just wondering if you could shed any color on if you are seeing kind of increased opportunities in this environment or how we should think about that in general.
Kim Dang: Sure, Jeremy. Yeah, I mean, the cold weather, you're right, does lead to incremental opportunities for us. You're also right that this is not the same order of magnitude as a Uri. When we do our budget, we do budget for some cold weather and I think coming into the year, we are a little bit nervous about that given the -- a warmer than expected weather. With this cold front I think we have made good progress on achieving -- on our way to achieving some of those cold weather budget assumptions. So, very happy with the progress to date.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful there, thanks. And then, just wanted to come back to capital allocation, as maybe you talked about in the past and we've seen Kinder execute on repurchases this year and also some sizable M&A, and just wondering on a go-forward basis here, if you could walk us through, I guess, how those two specific opportunities could stack up in your mind? Clearly, there is still room on the Kinder balance sheet given leverage targets and where leverage sits today, and just wondering, how those two stack up? And as it relates to buybacks, is there a certain kind of cap and pace or any other thoughts that we should think about there?
Kim Dang: No. I mean, I think we like the flexibility that we have on our balance sheet. We've been around 4-ish times for the last three years. I think in end of '21, we were at 3.9. Last year, we were at 4.1. And right now, we're at 4.2. But if you adjusted for the EBITDA on the acquisition, you would be at 4.1. And so that gives us flexibility to do acquisitions. That gives us flexibility to do share repurchases. And so, last year we were able to do share repurchase, we did $522 million, as you heard David say. We made a $1.8 billion acquisition and our balance sheet ended essentially in the same place that we started the year. So, when -- especially when we're doing attractive acquisitions, it's not that dilutive to our debt metric and so we acquired the NextEra acquisition at about 8.6 times. And so, relative to our debt metrics, even though we are 100% debt-funded, it wasn't that dilutive. So, I think where our balance sheet is, it gives us lots of flexibility and we were able to execute on multiple opportunistic transactions during 2023. And that's quite frankly what we would look to do going forward as well.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Makes sense. See you at the Analyst Day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we will hear from Brian Reynolds with UBS. You may proceed.
Kim Dang: Hey, Brian.
Brian Reynolds: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. Maybe to start off on just the quarterly performance and the '24 guidance, kind of as it relates specifically to the Natural Gas segment. Jeremy touched on it a little bit, but we saw the year-over-year decline in Nat Gas segment driven by some winter storms in 4Q '22, but I'd be great if you could just refresh us on maybe some of the marketing exposure in the business. Previously, we kind of view it as mostly contracted at this point, but just given the year-over-year earnings decline and maybe looking forward, just given significant amount of Nat Gas price volatility expected ahead and Kinder's strategic positioning in natural gas storage, just kind of curious how we should think about maybe the marketing side of this business on a go-forward basis versus kind of Kinder over the last five years? Thanks.
Kim Dang: Well, let's start on the interstate transmission side. And so, when you have a winter storm, people are going to need more balancing services, they're going to need more storage services, you're going to have more usage because you have more molecules flowing. And so what happens around a lot of times in these winter storms is, we are providing ancillary services to our customers that they need and they want in order to serve their customers. So -- and so you see some incremental business on the interstate side in and around those services. On the intrastate side, there we actually -- we do hold some storage in our own name and then our customers have storage as well. So, we make money from time to time on the small amount of storage that we do hold in our name. We also have a little bit of transport capacity that we hold in our own name. It's not significant overall, but we can make money on that where we haven't already hedged it. And then some of the same types of services that the interstate customers need, the intrastate customers also need. So, they will over-pull on our system above their rights, and those services come at premium rates. And so, those are the types of things that you see when we have winter weather that leads to some incremental margins -- on the margins.
Brian Reynolds: Great. Thanks. Appreciate that. Maybe as a follow-up to Permian Natural Gas egress looking forward. It seemed to be -- appear to be short natural gas in the Agua Dulce market going forward with LNG demand coming online in the back half of the decade. So, kind of just curious if you could talk about potential new projects including GCX expansion, what are the updates there and/or the potential for a new-build longer-term? Thanks.
Kim Dang: Sure. I can talk about both of those, and then I'll ask people to add. And so, yes, we think there is going to be a need for further Permian egress in the back half of the decade. I think that's consistent with the -- with what we have been saying. We think we are well-positioned for that. We've got -- we've built multiple pipelines successfully. They've been generally very close to being on time. We also have an existing system that we can interconnect with, and so we can offer the shippers on a Permian egress pipeline storage services and other downstream services that I think some of our competitors can't. So, I think it's a project we are very interested in, but we will be disciplined in how we approach it and make sure that the returns are attractive to our shareholders. I think GCX, some of the same dynamics around GCX. GCX obviously because it's a compression and expansion of an existing system, we'll get to market with it much quicker. We've continued to have conversations with shippers on that capacity. Not quite there yet. But some -- yeah, I mean, if we did one, if we participated in the new-build on the GCX expansion, there also could be further downstream expansions of our existing systems. And so, that's something that we're also looking at as part of this.
Brian Reynolds: Great. Makes sense. I'll leave it there. See you next week.
David Michels: Yeah. Just -- I'll follow up there, just so you get a little sense. When we think about the need for the capacity, we say back half of the decade, but what we're hearing from our customers is probably late '26, early '27, so clearly we're in a competitive environment here, so I won't go through a lot of details, but, something probably needs to be actioned here in the next couple of quarters to be able to meet that timeline and the question is, really is it just one pipe or two, when you think about the incremental demand that's coming on.
Brian Reynolds: Great. Makes sense. Appreciate that extra color. Have a great rest of your day.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Jean Ann Salisbury with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hi. There is a lot of differing reports around Haynesville production trajectory and whether it's in decline and kind of has been in decline for a couple of months. It seems like your fourth quarter was up quite a lot from your third quarter Haynesville volumes, but I was wondering if you could just talk about what you've been seeing on your acreage there over the last month or two, I guess towards the end of the fourth quarter?
Kim Dang: Yeah. So, if you look at our Haynesville volumes, they were I think, Tom didn’t say this, but in the 14% quarter-over quarter, Haynesville was up over 30%. So, we've continued to see increase in our Haynesville volumes. And so, David, will you comment?
David Michels: Yeah. I mean, so, look, we -- the team has done a wonderful job with our acreage. We're -- look, our acreage is positioned in prime Tier 1 acreage. Our largest customer there is planning for the upcoming LNG wave. And so, while we have seen some of the smaller producers kind of pull back, I think everyone is getting ready for the upcoming demand that's coming our way. And so, if you ask me, I think some of the pullback has helped us. We've had a little bit -- we're trying to keep up with the demand in terms of physical capacity. And so, this year, hopefully, we'll get the rest of that capacity on and be primed and ready to support our customers when they are ready to take. It's been a good ride. We've pretty much doubled our volumes over the last couple of years.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Great. That's helpful. Thank you. And then, I have a follow-up. Do you see any risk this year that gas infrastructure out of the Bakken might limit your growth out of that basin this year?
David Michels: Well, no. I think -- look, I think we've got -- I think we talked about the last quarter. We had our -- we have two projects that we're looking at bringing incremental gas out of the Bakken, one which was, we just put into service this past November. We call it our Bakken Express. We had a Phase 1 and Phase 2. That first wave is already in service and flowing full, 92,000 a day coming into the Cheyenne hub out of the Bakken. So, we don't think gas will be the limiting factor anymore, especially once we get the second phase out. I think we're in pretty good shape there.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Great. That's all for me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from John Mackay with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
John Mackay: Hey all. Thanks for the time. I'm going to start on a pretty simplistic one. You might have a straightforward answer. But just in terms of the 2024 guidance increase going from $8.0 billion to $8.16 billion, is that all on STX? Is there any other change in there that you can frame up? And maybe just how do we think about that increase versus kind of what you were guiding for the EBITDA on those assets this year?
Kim Dang: The $8.0 billion when we published, that was slightly below $8.0 billion, but it rounded up to $8.0 billion and so -- and then the $8.16 billion, the only difference between those two numbers is the EBITDA on NextEra. And the EBITDA on NextEra for 2024 is consistent with what we were expecting.
John Mackay: That's -- that is clear, and thanks for that. And then maybe just shifting gears, talk about RNG contributions in the quarter a little bit, kind of where that ended up trending for the year, how much of the kind of '23 softness versus budget was driven by that and how much could it bounce back in '24?
Kim Dang: Yeah. I mean, I would say the contribution from the RNG plants in the fourth quarter was relatively small. And we do have three plants in service now. They are not running as consistently as we would like them to run. And so, I think that's what we're focused on now. We recently took over operations from Waste Management and we think that once we really get our arms around this, we will be able to run these -- get these to run very consistently. That may take a couple of months into 2024, but we think we'll get them running consistently.
John Mackay: All right. Appreciate that. Thank you. See you next week.
Operator: Next, we will hear from Tristan Richardson with Scotiabank. You may proceed.
Tristan Richardson: Hey, good evening, guys. Just maybe a question on the STX. Could you just talk a little bit about what's driving the growth in '24 versus '23? And then, with respect to integration of those assets, are there obvious sort of near-term low-hanging fruit type of projects as part of the integration that could drive further or even sort of similar type of growth in '25 and beyond?
Kim Dang: Sure. So, between '23 and '24, there is an expansion project, contracted expansion project that came online, it came online late last -- late -- very late last year. And so, that incremental EBITDA between '23 and '24 is locked-in with customer contracts. With respect to '24 and '25, we don't see anything as significant as that driving the growth. We talked about longer-term multiple being between 7 times and 7.5 times, coming down from the 8.6 times that we bought it. And that was driven a lot by -- a small amount by cost-savings, but really by some commercial synergies and some incremental business that we think we can bring to those pipes, but that really occur three to four years out.
Tristan Richardson: Appreciate the color, Kim. And then maybe just following on a previous question around leverage. I mean, can you talk a little bit about where you sort of see the high end of where you're comfortable should something sizable, whether it be M&A or organic, come across? Where you see yourself sort of the high-end in terms of comfortable on leverage?
Kim Dang: Yeah. So, our leverage targets are 4.5 times and there's no change in that. And so, I think we feel like that's appropriate given the size, scope of our assets, the stability of our contracts that are underpinned by take or pay contracts with good customer credit quality. We run, as I said earlier, around 4 times at the end of the last three years. And we see value in having some cushion for opportunities and/or risk if they should arise. And so that gives us plenty of capacity to execute on some opportunity if we found it attractive. Now this isn't burning a hole in our pocket. We don't have to go out and spend this money today. I mean, you've seen us, as I talked earlier, acquire those NextEra assets. Not much impact to our debt to EBITDA multiple. We purchased 500 million in shares, not much impact. And so we've been able to do a lot of these things without huge impacts, but we've got a lot of capacity there if we find something that is a good strategic set, and that has attractive economics for our shareholders.
Tristan Richardson: That's helpful. Appreciate it, Kim. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Neal Dingmann with Truist. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, guys. Thanks for the time here. This is [JP Vachon] (ph) for Neal. I had one clarification question just kind of, what we were talking about earlier. The Permian nat gas egress that you guys were referring to, the 2026, I guess late ‘26, ‘27, what you've been hearing from customers, has that changed at all, I guess, maybe from last quarter or two quarters ago? Has the tone changed from customers there or has that kind of been the expectation for some time there?
David Michels: Yeah. I don't think it's changed much. I think it's been the expectation. I think as the market -- both the market side is coming together from the LNG standpoint and the producing side, I think it's probably a perfect match in terms of timing. But I do sense that there is more of a need to ensure that there's a solution in place, probably a little more urgent than maybe we had on the last couple of calls.
Unidentified Analyst: Sure. Sure. Got it. Thank you. And then just one follow-up for me. The RD projects that you guys have anchored here, just going through the release, you guys note that you have potential capacity to expand in subsequent phases, I guess, in California. Do you mind elaborating on that? I guess, to the extent that you guys can, I guess, what would timing look like there? And I guess, what level of capacity could we expect to see ramping in that time frame?
Dax Sanders: Yeah. This is Dax. Good question. I would just reiterate kind of what we've got now. Between the two hubs, we've got about 60,000 barrels a day just under capacity. And then in Los Angeles harbor, our Carson Terminal, we've got 750,000 barrels of storage that will be fully in by the end of the year, 20,000 barrels a day of rack throughput. In Los Angeles Harbor, I think we could easily double that, double both the storage as well as the throughput -- rack throughput capacity. On the hubs, we can double those as well. If we did, off of 60,000, that would get us up to a rate -- throughput rate that would be somewhat consistent with what we've historically supplied in the State of California, call it, roughly around 120,000. Now California uses about 250,000 barrels a day of diesel. And so theoretically, I think we could convert even above that because I think we'll see -- we've got our first facility now, Bradshaw, which is just outside of Sacramento which we've converted 100% to renewable diesel, no hydrocarbon diesel going through there. So -- but whether we do that, it will all be determined by the market. I mean we'll be continuously engaged with our customers and watching the ramp-up of these two Northern California refineries, and we'll do whatever our customers ask us to.
Unidentified Analyst: Perfect. Thank you very much guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neel Mitra with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Neel Mitra: Hi. Good afternoon. I was wondering what volume assumptions you're using on the gas side for the STX acquisition in the Eagle Ford? And maybe just the dynamics that you're seeing there with GOR ratios and activity?
Kim Dang: Yeah. Hey, Neal, on -- with respect to the 2024 budget assumptions, we're going to go through all of those at the conference next week. So, if you can hold your question and we'll make sure we address it next week at the Investor Conference when we go through the '24 budget in detail.
Neel Mitra: Okay, fair enough. And then maybe asking the same question a different way. All else equal, if you don't make an acquisition, you're trending towards I guess 3.8 times leverage in '24. Do you see value in lowering the leverage ratio and staying under 4 times? Or do you still see kind of 4.5 times is the proper leverage ratio given your asset base?
Kim Dang: Yeah. I think we're comfortable at 4.5 times, as I said earlier, given the size, scope -- size and scope of our assets and stability of our cash flow. And so, that being said, we see value in having some cushion and we've been operating with a cushion for the last couple of years.
Neel Mitra: Okay. Can I ask one additional one since the first one is going to go to the Analyst Day?
Kim Dang: Sure. Yes.
Neel Mitra: When you said that GCX can support the downstream assets maybe with an expansion, can you explain what you meant by that comment?
Sital Mody: This is Sital. I think what Kim was talking about is what -- one, we have the ability to expand GCX. I think as the intrastate industrial market and power market evolve, there is an opportunity to probably do some downstream expansions to carry those volumes into that corridor. I think that's what Kim was referring to.
Rich Kinder: And I think just to add something, this just demonstrates the tremendous ability we have to expand and extend our system. I think it's hard for people to realize exactly how extensive this is in Texas, Louisiana, but every time we put more gas into the system, it brings the opportunity to expand further downstream and that's a big reason why Kim has said repeatedly that, on our expansion CapEx target, we think we'll be at the upper-end of that range from $1 billion to $2 billion, we'll be at the upper-end of that range. And that's the kind of opportunities we're seeing. They don't necessarily make it into a backlog, but they're out there and things we can take advantage of as more and more gas flows through the system.
Neel Mitra: Got it. I appreciate all the color.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we will hear from Theresa Chen with Barclays. You may proceed.
Theresa Chen: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my questions. First, just a quick follow-up related to the longer-term guidance on the STX acquisition. In order to get to the 7 times and 7.5 times multiple over multiple years, is there any CapEx associated with that, and how much?
Kim Dang: There may be a little bit, but it is not -- it's not material.
Theresa Chen: Got it. And on the product side in California, given the ample supply of diesel into the state, with renewable diesel being produced in state, as well as entering into the state from other areas, it looks like the state may be short on gasoline over time as in-state refineries convert. With this backdrop, if there is incremental bid for gasoline imports, are there opportunities for your waterborne terminals there?
Tom Martin: Yeah. I think, at the end of the day, whether the barrels are supplied by the [PAD 5] (ph) refiners are imported, I think they'll move on our pipelines. I think as long as the demand is there, the inland demand is there, and as well as the demand in the Bay areas and the LA areas that move across our racks, whether it's produced in California or it comes in, I think it will find its way into our assets.
Theresa Chen: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Zack Van Everen with TPH & Company. Your line is open.
Zack Van Everen: Hey. Thanks, guys, for taking my question. Just following back up on the Permian pipeline, is there a market that you guys are looking more towards, whether it's Agua Dulce, or Carthage, or Houston, that would make more sense at the time for a new pipe?
David Michels: So, look, we like them all. But, as I said, it's in a very competitive environment that we're in. I think ultimately, there is a need in probably both locations, right? And so, really that's all I'll say. And we're trying -- like I said, we like them all. I'm not sure we're going to get them all. So, not sure if I answered your question. But, I think there is a pipe -- there is probably a pipe that needs to get to the Eastern Louisiana Coast, ultimately across to kind of the Louisiana Gulf Coast corridor and there is probably a pipe that needs to get to South Texas.
Kim Dang: And ultimately the customer -- the customers and the customer contracts will drive that.
David Michels: That’s right.
Zack Van Everen: Okay. That makes sense. And then, turning to M&A, I know you all don't rule it out. And one of your peers this year will have some assets on the market. Curious if you guys would ever step out of the US for assets or mostly focused on just US assets for M&A?
Kim Dang: Sure. I mean, we will look at the opportunity, that's what I would say. I would say, in general, what we have found outside of the US is that it's hard to get the types of risk-adjusted returns that we would like to get. And so, because you've got different tax issues associated with repatriating the cash and generally returns, depending on which market you're talking about, but returns have been lower in most of those international markets. So, I think, what I'm saying is, I doubt that happens, but we will look at those opportunities. We don't pass up looking at things and evaluating whether that could make sense and whether that has -- if there are synergies with our existing assets. So, I'll just leave it at that.
Zack Van Everen: Alright. Perfect. That's all I had. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Harry Mateer with Barclays. Your line is open.
Harry Mateer: Hi, good afternoon. First one, for the past couple of quarters you've been disclosing your 10-Q, some potential financial effects on the EPA's Good Neighbor Act, with the high-end of the range fairly material. I was wondering if you can update us on where you stand in that process and things we can keep an eye out for in terms of whether the ultimate effect winds up being towards the higher or lower end of the range?
Kim Dang: And I'll repeat some of the stuff that we've said in the past. But I mean, we think this is a flawed rule and it was a flawed process. It's heavily challenged and it's legitimately challenged. Every state that has requested a stay on their state plans has prevailed. So, this has stayed in the fourth, fifth, sixth, eighth, and ninth Circuit Courts. And with respect to the Federal plans, that has been appealed to the Supreme Court and what we think is a very positive sign, the Supreme Court has requested a hearing that will happen later in February. So, where that leaves us is, there are only three states right now where KMI -- where the rule is not stayed and KMI is impacted. And so, that the impacts that we disclosed in the 10-K are much smaller and I think we discussed that in there as well. The potential impacts, I should say.
Harry Mateer: Got it. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We are showing no further questions at this time.
Kim Dang: Thank you, Sheila.
Rich Kinder: Thank you. Appreciate it. Have a good day.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-18 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. Sir, you may begin.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Michelle. And before we begin, I'd like to remind you as usual that KMI's earnings released today and this call include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosures on forward-looking statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release, as well as review our latest filings with the SEC for important material assumptions, expectations and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking statements. My remarks at the beginning of our second quarter investor call, I talked about future demand for natural gas and why that makes us bullish about the future of KMI. The biggest portion of that growth in demand is attributable to LNG. So let me follow up on this call by reviewing the latest estimates regarding future U.S. feedgas demand to serve the country's LNG export facilities. S&P Global Commodity Insights estimates LNG feedgas demand at 13.1 Bcf a day for 2023 and projects that it will grow to 24.7 Bcf a day in 2028 and to 27.5 Bcf a day in 2023, IEA estimates that U.S. LNG exports, as a share of global LNG supply will grow from 20% in 2022 to almost 30% in 2026. All of these numbers demonstrate incredible growth, which is driven, of course, by new LNG export facilities could have been FID, most of which are currently under construction. Now how does this increased demand affect the Midstream Energy segment and specifically Kinder-Morgan? To meet this increased feedgas demand, the country is going to need additional pipelines and not just header pipelines to the export terminals, but also significant expansion in the pipeline and infrastructure upstream from those header systems and terminals. While we believe Haynesville production will grow the supply portion of this demand, because of its proximity to the LNG facilities in Louisiana and Southeast Texas, we will not be able to fulfill all these growth volumes and additional takeaway capacity from multiple basins will be required. Access to basins is also important to help solve the excess nitrogen problem confirming LNG export facilities. While there are other midstream players will also benefit, we think Kinder Morgan, which is currently transporting a little less than half of all U.S. LNG feedgas is in an excellent position to take advantage of this tremendous opportunity because of the extensive footprint of our pipeline network, particularly in Texas and Louisiana where so much of the additional demand will occur. And with that, I'll turn it over to Kim and the team.
Kim Dang: Okay. Thanks, Rich. I'll make a few overall points, and then I'm going to turn it over to Tom and David to give you more details. We had a solid quarter financially. We continue to find opportunities to add to our backlog. We repurchased $73 million in shares at an average price of $16.77. That brings us to $472 million of share repurchases year-to-date at a very attractive price of $16.58. Financially, our portfolio of assets performed well with contributions from the segments up 5%, driven by increases in natural gas, products and terminals. Products had a particularly strong quarter, up 22%. Overall, our results were largely flat because of increased interest expense and sustaining CapEx, which we anticipated in our budget. For the year versus our budget, our expectations remain the same as what we communicated last quarter, slightly below our guidance, which can all be attributed to lower commodity prices. Versus the guidance we gave you last quarter, we have seen some benefit from improved commodity prices, but that was largely offset by other moving pieces, for example, delays in our ETV projects, all netting to leave us approximately in the same place for the full year that we discussed with you last quarter. We continue to see good opportunities to add to the backlog and - we're able to more than offset the projects that went into service with new additions. The backlog now stands at $3.8 billion, with an average multiple of 4.7 times. And we see opportunities beyond the backlog, especially in natural gas. As Rich said, demand is expected to grow by more than 20%, and the biggest driver of that growth is LNG, where many LNG exporters are interested in capacity further upstream to secure more competitively priced and diverse supply. Power demand and exports to Mexico also provide opportunities. We're seeing incremental power demand from new Peaker plants in Texas and conversions from coal to natural gas, and that benefits our existing business as well as provides future opportunity and Tom will have more details on this in a minute. We also see additional opportunities for renewable diesel on the West Coast and are actively talking to customers about projects. We're delivering according to the strategy we laid out many years ago. One, maintain a solid balance sheet. We ended the quarter at 4.1 times, continuing to main some cushion versus our 4.5 times long-term target. Two, invest in high-return projects that we internally fund. Since the second quarter of 2022, we added almost $1.2 billion to the backlog, and we continue to find good prospects. And three, return capital to our shareholders through a well-covered dividend and opportunistic share repurchase. We've returned $17.1 billion to our shareholders over the last eight years which is about 45% of our market cap. With that, I'll turn it over to Tom.
Tom Martin: Thanks, Kim. So, starting with the natural gas business unit. Transport volumes increased by 5% which is about 1.9 million dekatherms per day for the quarter versus third quarter of 2022, driven by EPNG, Line 2000, return to service, increased LNG feedgas demand, increased power demand and increased industrial demand. These increases were partially offset by decreased exports to Mexico. Our natural gas gathering, volumes were up 11% in the quarter compared to the third quarter of 2022, driven by Haynesville volumes, which were up 23%, Bakken volumes, which were up 13%, and Eagle Ford volumes were up 7%. For the year, we expect gathering volumes to be up nicely, 16%, but about 4% below our plan, driven primarily by egress project delays and an asset sale. As you can see from the overall growth in transmission and gathering volumes, the gas markets continue to be robust. Power demand was particularly notable this quarter. We set a new network peak demand day record of 11.1 million dekatherms per day on August 24 and monthly total demand records, both in July and August, of 9.35 million and 9.81 million dekatherms per day, respectively. 16 of our 20 highest all-time network power demand days occurred this quarter. These statistics reinforce the critical role that our natural gas pipelines and storage assets play in support of the power sector. In our Products Pipeline segment, refined products volumes were up slightly for the quarter versus third quarter 2022. Gasoline volumes were up 1%, while diesel volumes were down 2% for the comparable quarter last year. Diesel volumes continue to be lower primarily in California as the growing renewable diesel volumes displacing conventional diesel, were initially transported by methods other than pipeline. However, the reduction in conventional diesel volumes does not reflect the true economic picture for us as the RD hub projects we placed in service earlier this year are largely underpinned with take-or-pay contracts. So we get paid most of our revenue even if the volumes do not flow. That said, renewable diesel volumes on our pipelines have been ramping up considerably since the RD hubs came online, up from 700 a day in Q1 of this year to 24,000 a day in Q3. Overall jet fuel volumes increased 5% for the quarter versus third quarter 2022. Crude and condensate volumes were up 5% in the quarter versus third quarter 2022, driven by higher Bakken and Eagle Ford volumes. In our Terminals business segment, our liquids lease capacity remained high at 95%, excluding tanks out of service for required inspections, approximately 96% of our capacity is leased. Utilization at our key hubs at Houston Ship Channel and New York Harbor strengthened in the quarter versus third quarter 2022, and we continue to see nice rate increases in those markets as the fundamentals improve. Our Jones Act tankers were 98% leased through 2024, assuming likely options are exercised. On the bulk side, overall volumes were down 5% in the third quarter 2022, primarily from lower coal, grain and metals tonnage, partially offset by increases in pet coke and soda ash. Grain volumes have minimal impact on our financial results. So excluding grain, our bulk volumes were down about 3%. Financial results benefited from rate escalations in the quarter. The CO2 segment experienced lower overall volumes and prices on NGLs, CO2 and oil production versus the third quarter 2022. Overall oil production decreased by 2% from the third quarter last year, but was above our plan for this quarter. For the year, we expect net oil volume to exceed our plan, largely due to better-than-expected performance from projects as well as strong volumes post the February outage at SACROC. These favorable volumes relative to the 2023 plan helped offset some of the price weakness that we've experienced. With that, I'll turn it over to David Michels.
David Michels: All right. Thanks, Tom. So for the third quarter of 2023, we're declaring a dividend of $0.2825 per share, which is $1.13 per share annualized or 2% up from last year's dividend. Before I get into the quarterly performance, a few highlights. We've continued with our opportunistic share repurchase program, as Kim mentioned, bringing our year-to-date total repurchases to 28.5 million shares at an average price of $16.58 per share, creating very good value for our shareholders. We ended the third quarter with net debt to adjusted EBITDA of 4.1 times, which leaves us with good capacity under our leverage target of around 4.5 times, despite $472 million of unbudgeted share repurchases during the year. And while, as Kim mentioned, we are forecasting to be slightly below budget on full year DCF and EBITDA, more than all of that can be explained by lower-than-budgeted commodity prices. Meanwhile, we continue to see better than budgeted performance in both our natural gas and terminals businesses. Now on to the quarterly performance. We generated revenues of $3.9 billion, which is down from $5.2 billion in the third quarter of 2022, which is down $1.3 billion. Cost of sales was also down $1.3 billion, and that is due to the large decline in commodity prices from last year to this year. As you will recall, we entered into offsetting purchase and sales positions in our Texas Intrastate natural gas pipeline system, and that results in an effective take-or-pay transportation service, but it leaves our revenue and cost and sales, both exposed to price fluctuations while meanwhile, our margin is generally not impacted by price. Interest expense was higher versus 2022 as we expected, driven by the higher short-term rates, which impacted our floating rate swaps. We generated net income attributable to KMI of $532 million, down $0.08 from the third quarter of last year. Our earnings per share was $0.24, which is $0.01 down from 2022. Our adjusted earnings was $562 million, down 2% compared to the third quarter of 2022, and our adjusted EPS was flat with last year. Excluding the impact from interest expense, we would have been favorable to last year. And our share count was down $23 million or 1% versus the third quarter of 2022 due to our share repurchase efforts. On our business segment performance, improvements in our natural gas terminals and product segments, which were all up, but were partially offset by lower contributions from our CO2 segment. The favorable natural gas segment performance was driven by greater sales margin on our Texas Intrastate system, favorable rates on recontracting at our Midcontinent Express Pipeline as well as contributions from EPNG and those were partially offset by unfavorable recontracting impacts on our South Texas access. Our Product pipeline segment was up due to unfavorable pricing impacts in the second quarter of last year as well as rate escalations across multiple assets. Our Terminals segment was up mainly due to improved contributions from our Jones Act tanker business and expansion project contributions. Our CO2 segment was down due to lower CO2 and NGL price and volume as well as higher power costs, and those were all partially offset by contributions from our renewable natural gas business. Our adjusted EBITDA was $1.835 billion for the quarter, up 3% from last year. Our DCF was $1.094 billion, down 2% from last year. And our GCF was $0.49 equal to last year. Again, excluding interest expense, we were favorable to last year. Moving on to our balance sheet. We ended the third quarter with $30.9 billion of net debt. Our net debt has decreased $9 million since the beginning of the year and on a year-to-date basis, the reconciliation is as follows; we generated $4.7 billion of cash from operations. We've paid out $1.9 billion in dividends. We've also funded $1.85 billion in total capital expenditures, and that includes growth sustaining and contributions to JVs and settled through the third quarter, we had stock repurchases of $389 million. That gets you pretty close to the $9 million change in net debt year-to-date. And with that, I'll hand back to Kim.
Kim Dang: And I think, David, on the share count, you mean it was down 23 million shares. Okay. With that, we will take questions. [Operator Instructions]. So operator, Michelle, would you please open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. You may go ahead, sir.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good afternoon.
Kim Dang: Good morning Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to start off with a high-level question, if I could. And just coming back to some of the commentaries you said in the past, given that the business has worked through a lot of, I guess, adverse contract rolls and other kind of headwinds are in the past. If you think about the current portfolio, how do you think the EBITDA growth generation is for this asset base? Do you see this as low single-digit EBITDA growth, mid-single-digit EBITDA growth or any other, I guess, framework that you could provide for us would be helpful?
Kim Dang: Sure. So, I think we will go through our 2024 budget in the next month, six weeks or so. I think that will give us a better idea for 2024. But just at a high level, you're right that we have had some contract rollovers. We published those for you for the last couple of years in our analyst conference. And we stopped doing that because the headwinds with respect to rollovers, et cetera, were not - were no longer material. So, I think the network and natural gas, as you know, the pipes have filled up. Average utilization has gone much higher. That allows you to charge higher rates. That also means that your customers need ancillary services. Storage rates have increased significantly. So, we're able to charge more for storage. Obviously, on our contracts and Products and Terminals, we have inflation escalators, which help increase the EBITDA in those businesses. And we've seen some nice rate increases, especially as a result of improving markets. On the Terminal side, especially in the New York Harbor and so those businesses have some nice tailwinds. I think in CO2, obviously, the forward curve right now is that it's a little bit below where we are right now. But I think on average, it is above where we have been. The 2024 curve is above 2023. I think rent prices in 2024 above 2023 right now; we will have these projects that are in service. So I think we have a lot of tailwinds coming in this business. I would say, the one thing that we have to manage is just the regulatory environment, which we've seen increase over the last couple of years. And so those are things we'll address as we go through the 2024 budget, but it's – we've done a lot of project opportunities also on gas. To some, a lot of which we have added to the backlog, but there's still many, many more that aren't in the backlog yet. And I went through some of those in my opening commentary. So it's hard to boil it all down to a rate until we get very specific on numbers. But I think in terms – the tailwinds right now are very nice.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful. Thanks for that. And maybe just kind of pivoting gears a little bit here towards capital allocation and see that the leverage is still at 4.1, which I think is below the long-term target here. And it seems like most of the buybacks have been done below $17. And so when you think about capital allocation, do you think this buyback is below $17 sending the message to the market on how management thinks about the value of the stock? Or you see more value in retaining dry powder for acquisitions or growth CapEx? Just wondering if you could update us on your thoughts there?
Kim Dang: Sure. I mean, I think that where we have our return set with respect to projects, as we've stated a lot of times is in the mid-teens. And we move up and down from that depending on the risk of the project. And so those are going to be very nice returns and well above our cost of capital and so the priority when we have our target returns set at that threshold are going to take priority over share repurchase. That being said, when we have excess cash flow, and we will do opportunistic share repurchase. And so we don't have unlimited cash flow to do share repurchases. And so we want to make sure that when we do those, we're getting a very attractive price.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. I’ll leave it there. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Jean Ann Salisbury with Bernstein. You may go ahead.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hi. I think a minor for Tom. I know you've talked a bit on prior calls about rates for gas storage rising and getting close to $3. I wanted to understand how much of KMI's 700 Bcf of storage should eventually be able to reset up to these higher rates and the time line of that occurring?
Tom Martin: Yes. I mean I'll give you a high level and then let Sital step in for more clarity. But yes, I mean much of that capacity is a single-cycle reservoir storage, smaller percentage of that is salt storage, which is really what the multi-cycle storage facilities, which garner those higher rates. As you know, part of our storage is in regulated services. So there's limits as to what rate increases we can charge for those services. But what we're seeing in those instances, we're getting much longer term. And we also have also, as you know, house services, which are another way where we can extract additional value that may not be limited by regulatory caps. And so it's hard to put a number to answer your question. But we do think whether it's through salt service that we sell, fee-for-service or these opportunistic PAL services, both short-term and long-term, that we do, as well as getting additional duration on our single cycle storage services. We're getting additional value out of this growing trend in storage.
Jean Ann Salisbury: That makes sense. Great. And my other question was about the Wyoming Interstate projects that I saw in release. Is that basically just using currently unused capacity on WIC for the 400 MMCFD. I was wondering if there's any material CapEx associated with that? Or it's just - you just start moving flow on empty pipeline?
Sital Mody: Hi, Jean. This is Sital. So really, from a Kinder standpoint, we've got the minimal capital, mostly interconnect capital. We've been working with our partners for a long time on this. We see Bakken GRs rising significantly. And this is an example of a collaborative project that maximizes infrastructure that's in existence today and on our side, very little capital.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Great. That’s all for me. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Brian Reynolds with UBS. You may go ahead, sir.
Brian Reynolds: Hi, good morning or good afternoon, everyone. Maybe to start off a little high level on Kinder's positioning to support this 20% increase in natural gas demand by 2028 that you put in the release. It seems like Kinder is well positioned for this growth, but we could see CapEx trend higher of that $1 billion to $2 billion range. So some of these projects that are helping debottleneck the Texas, Louisiana corridor, GCX expansion and potential more Permian greenfield that's needed. Just kind of curious, high level, can you talk about the opportunity sets that Kinder has just given Kinder's prior comments of looking to maintain that 50% market share around LNG supply going forward? Thanks.
Kim Dang: Yes. I'll make a couple of high-level comments about the opportunity side and then Sital and Tom can add in. I think there's multiple opportunities on the LNG front. So you've got the next decade down in South Texas. So that is going to require incremental pipeline infrastructure probably. You've got multiple facilities coming in along the Texas, Louisiana border, and those - a lot of - some of those have existing header pipes, some of them don't. Some of them are wanting to reach further back. As a result of the sucking sound of LNG on the Gulf Coast, you have a southeast market that is short supply. And so there's opportunities to try to expand pipeline capacity into the Southeast to help meet some of the demand there. There is opportunities for exports to Mexico think they're building a number of new power plants, which don't have supply yet, some of that's out on the West Coast of Mexico. So there's opportunity to serve that new power plant load. There's also LNG facilities that are going on the West Coast of Mexico. And so there's incremental opportunity there. In California, they've just announced that they're extending the life of their natural gas facilities and they're increasing the capacity of Aliso Canyon. And so I think people are understanding that natural gas is going to play a big role for a longer period of time than what some people out there previously thought. We're seeing, as Tom talked through all the power demand, we're still seeing some coal conversions to natural gas, which is driving demand. And then there's industrial growth on the Texas Gulf Coast. And so I think there are a number of - there are a number of different factors driving the growth, but I think most of it is in the southern market. It's really hard to get infrastructure built into the Northeast. And so WoodMac shows 90% to 95% of the demand growth in natural gas occurring in Texas and Louisiana.
Sital Mody: I think the only thing I'll add to that, we're - when you think about the competitive landscape, we're heavily competitive, right? And so I think what differentiates us is our network. I think what we'll bring to the table is our - our on-system storage, balancing capabilities, and then more recently, we've been focused on expanding our ability to aggregate nitrogen. And I think that's what's going to help differentiate us from the competition.
Kim Dang: Yes. The other thing I'd say is that helps differentiate is the fact that we can provide shippers with multiple different outlets. So if an LNG shipper, if the international markets change and the ships go somewhere else, we can, given the pipeline system that we have can help them redirect those flows if they have storage service into storage, but if they don't have storage service to other markets.
Brian Reynolds: Great. Thanks for all that. Maybe as my follow-up to touch on just the CapEx backlog build multiple. It's got a lot of focus over the previous few quarters. So it seemed to trend a little bit higher this quarter with an increase of the backlog as well. So just kind of wondering if you can talk about the moving pieces there, whether it's new projects driving it or whether the rising rate environment is having an impact on future returns? Any color would be helpful. Thanks.
Kim Dang: Sure. Absolutely. So one, let me start with the fact, and we talked a little bit about this last quarter that the backlog multiple is not our focus. What we focus on is the return on projects. And so - and we run a long-term cash flow and assume a terminal value or not and assume a renewal or a partial renewal or not. And for you guys, what we do and the backlog is we just look at first year EBITDA and translate that into a multiple to try to help you understand sort of what these projects are going to generate. But the way - so all I'm saying is that, the multiple may move up or down on the backlog and these are still very attractive projects. So it's not like we only do projects that come into the backlog at three times. And again, with kind of a mid-teens average unlevered IRR and we're adjusting up or down that slightly based on cash flow risk. But this quarter, what we saw was the projects that went into service were about roughly three times multiple the projects that we placed into the backlog, so that the added projects were about a four times multiple. And then on one of the existing projects in the backlog, we decreased the year one EBITDA. And the reason did that was because we think that project is going to take a little longer time to ramp into the EBITDA. And so we'll get - we think we'll get to the EBITDA that was in the backlog. It just won't happen until later in time, it won't be year one. Now, even if we never ramped on that project, that project is still a very attractive return. And I think we feel pretty good that we are going to add incremental volume there.
Brian Reynolds: Great. Makes sense. I’ll leave it there. Enjoy the rest of the evening. Thanks 
Operator: Our next caller is Tristan Richardson, Scotiabank.
Kimberly Dang: Hi, Tristan.
Tristan Richardson: Hi, good morning. Good evening. Just appreciate it Kim. I guess just given the growth you guys you're seeing in the core transport business and certainly, volumes are growing in midstream, but as you said, volumes are a little below plan, and you guys are working on asset sales. I mean, do you see midstream continuing to contribute less to the business maybe as a percent over time, especially as we kind of look into next year?
Kimberly Dang: And so when you say midstream, you're separating out the gathering and processing from all Texas Intrastate business, which is also in midstream?
Tristan Richardson: Correct.
Kimberly Dang: Particularly focused on gathering and processing.
Tristan Richardson: Yes.
Kimberly Dang: I think the gathering and processing is going to decrease as a percentage of the overall business. I don't know the answer as a percentage of overall business. What I can tell you is I don't anticipate the gathering and processing the EBITDA from gathering and processing on the natural gas side is going down, because we - natural gas demand is growing, and we're going to continue to need more natural gas molecules. And our biggest position is in the in the Haynesville and Eagle Ford. And those are two places that are very close to the LNG demand. And as Rich and Sital have both mentioned, Eagle Ford has some gas - has some very nice characteristics in that it has low nitrogen. And so that I think would continue to expect to see growth in the volumes coming out of those basins.
Sital Mody: Yes. I mean I think the relative comparison as you secure some of these large projects, you might see a differential in overall percentage. But I think Kim's when we look at our gathering and processing systems, Bakken constrained, Eagle Ford approaching full processing capacity. And in the Haynesville, we're trying to keep up. And so I think that trend will continue as we see these LNG facilities come on. And as far as the proportionate - the relative proportion, it all depends on if we're successful in getting these big LNG feeder projects and not, and those are obviously material.
Kimberly Dang: So on the Haynesville being constrained, that means there's going to be opportunities for new projects as that volume increase on the processing capacity at - being at capacity on processing in the Eagle Ford. There may be opportunities to charge incremental rate there. So just to clarify what Sital was saying.
Tristan Richardson: Appreciate it. And then a quick follow-up. Just on the energy transition venture side, maybe top of the funnel, commercial activity you're seeing around RNG maybe just a sense of overall potential capacity projects out there, particularly as you get past 2024 and Autumn Hills comes online?
Anthony Ashley: Yes. Hi, Tristan, it's Anthony. Yes, so as we look 2024 and beyond, we do have some additional projects within the North American natural acquisition, landfill gas and electric projects, which are potential RNG conversion opportunities. And so now we're got a little bit more clarity from the EPA on the RINs potential. We are now looking at those potential projects again. And we have a few other ones, I would say, that we're looking at in terms of organic growth potential, but our focus has really been getting our existing projects up and in service and operating well and going through the wind generation process. But yes, we do have some potential opportunities beyond Autumn Hills.
Kim Dang: And just on the facilities, I mean for an update there, two of the three that we're bringing in service this year are in service. One, we've had a few operational issues. We think we've largely worked through. The other one is ramping up. And the third one we expect to be on by the end of the year.
Tristan Richardson: Appreciate the update. Thank you, Kim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities. You may go ahead.
Neal Dingmann: Good afternoon, all. You talked a bit about M&A. I guess my question is just perhaps on near-term M&A. I'm wondering how you all would think about potentially adding natural gas pipelines, various other assets. I'm just wondering given your current footprint, is there a preference? Or are you sort of agnostic on looking at various assets?
Kim Dang: Yes. I think that acquisitions are easy to imagine and hard to do. And so I think that it's more - acquisitions are more opportunistic is what I would say for the most part. And yes, we are always interested in acquisitions and have been since our inception, and we have a pretty disciplined process around looking at it. There are three criteria that are core for us to do an acquisition. One, the asset has to fit our strategy. So it needs to be fee-based, energy infrastructure. Two, it needs to have the right attractive economics around it, which means it needs to be accretive to DCF per share and have an attractive unlevered after-tax return. And three, it can't be - we prefer that it not be dilutive to our long-term debt metric of 4.5 times debt to EBITDA. And generally, I don't think we would do something that is relative to that debt metric. It would have to be something that was very, very special.
Neal Dingmann: That all makes sense. And then, Kim, I think you mentioned you mentioned earlier, something about the RIN price. I'm just wondering, did you say you saw this increase in or maybe also could you speak to the direction of your - of the D3 RINs?
Kim Dang: On the D3 RINs, they have gone to $3.40 right now, I think. So they were below $2 before June when the EPA came out with the new RBOs. Post that, they traded in and around $3. And in the last week or so, we've seen them go up to $3.40. And hard to pinpoint exactly what that is, but I think there may be people out there that haven't satisfied their 2022 obligations yet, and that could be driving some of the 2023 pricing. So I think RINs prices right now look pretty good for 2024.
Neal Dingmann: Yes, it sounds encouraging. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Keith Stanley with Wolfe Research.
Keith Stanley: Hi, good afternoon. Sorry, if I missed this, but any updated comments on the potential to expand Gulf Coast Express and where things are in discussions with customers and how soon that could move forward.
Kim Dang: Yes, we continue to have discussions with customers and - which is kind of where we were last quarter at this time. And I think there are people that are interested in that, but we don't have anything to announce yet.
Keith Stanley: Okay. Second question, just on the 2023 commentary of being slightly below plan. It just - it seems to me like the company was pretty much on budget in the first half of 2023 on the EBITDA line anyway and Q3, maybe less than $50 million below budget. I mean, are we talking, when we're saying slightly below plan that maybe even like less than 1% below the EBITDA target? It just seems kind of small with you guys calling it out.
David Michels: Yes. Hi, Keith, it's David. Yes, it's - that's why we said slightly below. It's not a material amount below. It's disappointing that we are below because we're having really strong performance across a number of categories in our base business. The commodity price impact is less impactful now that we've seen some improvement. But as we go through the year, we put on additional hedges and so forth. So we have less upside as the later part of the year improvement in commodity prices materialized and we've continued to have some weakness in other parts of the business that offset some of that commodity price improvement. So net-net, it's - unfortunately, I don't have additional detail for you with regard to a slightly determination. But yes, it's disappointing that we're still a little bit down, but it's not much.
Keith Stanley: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Gabe Moreen with Mizuho, you may go ahead, sir.
Gabe Moreen: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. Just a quick question on the fixed to floating and then back to fixed hedges, which you've got on, some of which are expiring soon. Just wondering how you're thinking about that with some of the hedges expiring in the not-too-distant future for interest expense for next year?
Kim Dang: So we have about 25% of our deficit flow. For 2023, we locked in about half of that. So we - our floating rate for 2023, it was about 13%. Those hedges that we put on the 2023 expired at the end of 2023. And so you would expect us to go back to 25%. But we do have swaps that roll off in 2023 and swaps that roll off in 2024. Those swaps totaled $2.75 billion. We have not made a decision yet as to whether we will put a - put swaps on when those expire or just stay more fixed. We would - if we just let all those swaps expire did not put on any new swaps, we would be at 15% or 16% floating percentage. Our long-term strategy has been to float on a portion of our debt because the forward curve has generally overestimated future floating rates. And so we've made - through last year, we've made $1.2 billion over the last 10 years on those swaps. This year, we gave back about $200 million. So we made about $1 billion. The one exception to - that we've seen in the charts to the forward curve over predicting floating rates has been when you've been in a rate hike cycle. And so I think we're going to be flexible as to when we put new swaps back on. So I think there's a reasonable likelihood that we may be at a lower floating percentage than 25% in 2024 and may wait for a period of time to put some new swaps back on. But in the future – in the longer term, we may decide to put some of those swaps back on, but in no event do I think we would go above the 25%.
Gabe Moreen: Thanks Kim. And then maybe if I can follow-up with another question around the LNG opportunity and whether Kinder-Morgan sees the need to perhaps develop more of a marketing presence outside the Intrastates to aggregate supply for some of these pipeline opportunities around LNG and similarly, whether there's any thought to taking stakes in LNG export facilities yourselves to sort of marry up an integrated approach?
Kim Dang: Yes. So we actually do have a small gas marketing business right now and not really focused on LNG opportunities exclusively, but really just opportunities across the domestic market largely off of our assets. We'll see if there's incremental opportunities there. We may consider that, as you suggest. But I mean, we don't – I don't see us going into an international market that really hasn't been our footprint and our strategy. But we'll be open to consider things as opportunities develop, and we'll see where things go from there. As far as our own LNG taking space out and an LNG facility, again, there's a lot of capital a lot of risk related to doing that. And so we have tended to be more fee-for-service and provide LNG both capacity – transportation capacity and as it pertains to Elba Island export facility for our customers to play in the international markets. And I don't see that changing much, if at all.
Gabe Moreen: Thanks Tom.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Zack Van Everen with TPH & Company. Please go ahead sir.
Zack Van Everen: Perfect. Thanks for taking my question. Just want to go back up to the Bakken after seeing the announcements on gas side, have you guys looked into or considered converting the HH pipeline to an NGL pipe to help diversify some of the takeaway options up there?
Dax Sanders: We have, yes. We've – and this is Dax. We've looked at several different options for repurposing that being one of them. And - we are - we continue to transport crude on the pipe. It's becoming more largely. We've got about 30 a day of residual contracts on that. It's becoming - as those contracts roll, it's becoming more of a basis pipeline, which obviously has an incremental element of risk around it, but that's certainly something we would consider with the right deal.
Zack Van Everen: Got you. And then if you were to convert that, could we assume it's a similar capacity with NGLs? And are there any opportunities to expand that at all if you were to go that route?
Dax Sanders: It depends on what you put it in. But ultimately, I think if it's still in liquid service, you do NGLs, maybe a little bit more capacity with some pumps adds but still early.
Kim Dang: Yes. It's just like any time we have an underutilized asset. We're looking for other opportunities to utilize, I think this one is pretty early.
Zack Van Everen: Okay. Perfect. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Sunil Sibal with Seaport Global Securities. You may go ahead.
Sunil Sibal: Hi, good afternoon, everybody and I apologize if I missed this. But I just wanted to touch upon what kind of sequential trends you saw in Q3 with regard to your gas gathering volumes in various basins and also on the crude and condensate systems?
Kim Dang: Sequential volumes. Hang on a second. Sequential volumes on gas gathering, they were down 1%, and they were down 1% on crude. So kind of flattish on a sequential basis.
Sunil Sibal: And that's fairly representative across the basin?
Kim Dang: They're different basins. And so that is total for Kinder Morgan. So in gas, that would be - the primary basins would be Eagle Ford, Bakken, Haynesville, and some of those were up a little bit and some were down a little bit in net - I mean, minus 1, I could say that's kind of flattish, but down slightly. And on the crude, it's primarily Bakken.
Sunil Sibal: Got it. Thanks for that.
Operator: And at this time, I am showing no further questions.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Michelle, thank you very much. And everybody, have a good day and a good evening. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may go ahead and disconnect at this time.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-19 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. All participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. You may begin.
Rich Kinder: Thank you, Jordan. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you as we always do that KMI's earnings release today and this call include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosures on forward-looking statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release as well as review our latest filings with the SEC for important material assumptions. Expectations and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking statements. About the most important thing a Board of Directors does is to structure and implement orderly succession planning and I'm proud of the job we've done at Kinder Morgan. In our 26-year history, we've only had two CEOs and we'll welcome our third on August 1st. This will be Steve Kean’s last investment call as CEO and I want to thank him for all his dedication and hard work in that position for the last eight years. And for his service to the company over the past two decades. He's been a fine leader of the organization with the ability to understand the big picture and still pay attention to the details and I can assure you that's a unique combination. We're happy that Steve will stay on our Board and I'm sure he will continue to contribute to our success in that role. As all of you know, Kim Dang, our current President, will succeed Steve and Tom Martin, the long-term President of our Natural Gas segment will replace Kim as President. Kim, Tom and I will constitute the office of the Chair. We announced all this back in January and the transition has proceeded very smoothly. Kim joined Kinder Morgan in 2001 and Tom in 2003. So they both have long experience with the company and in the midstream energy business. They've both been outstanding contributors to our success and I know they will be great leaders of the company in the coming months and years. In short, the Board and I are very comfortable that we will march forward without missing a beat. Now as we make this change, it's important to again emphasize why we're bullish about the long-term future of Kinder Morgan. The single most important reason for optimism is the role natural gas will play in this country and around the world in the coming decades. We forecast US natural gas demand will grow by about 20 Bcf a day between 2023 and 2028 to about 121 Bcf a day and that's a 20% increase. We expect 13.5 Bcf a day of that growth to come from LNG and Mexico exports with moderate growth in the power, residential and commercial sectors. Almost all of that LNG and Mexico growth will occur in Texas and the Gulf Coast where we have a superb and multifaceted pipeline system. That's why we believe that growth and demand, combined with a strategic location of our network will drive expansion and extension opportunities for our network and significant bottom-line growth for years to come. And with that, for the last time, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steve Kean: Thank you, Rich. Thanks for the kind words. It's been an honor to work for you, for the Board, for our shareholders and to work with this great management team that we have around the table. And I can only double down on what you said about Kim and Tom. They work extremely well together and with the rest of the management team and this is going to be very good for the company. And so we had a good quarter and a solid year so far. We beat our budget for the second quarter and although our outlook predicts slight underperformance on a full year basis, that is all more than explained, more than explained, by commodity prices coming in lower than our budget year-to-date and according to the forward curve for the balance of the year. Put another way, our business is performing better and that is partially offsetting the lower commodity prices. We also continue to see a strong market from our business development standpoint. While our backlog is roughly even with the first quarter update at $3.75 billion, that's the net result of having placed about $450 million of projects in service during the quarter while adding roughly $500 million of new projects to the backlog during the quarter. As we have noted many times, these projects are getting done at attractive returns well above our cost of capital. Notable among the projects brought into service was the first of our Wabash Valley RNG projects. Those projects were part of our Kinetrex acquisition from 2021. The first one went into service on June 27. The project was later than planned and a little more expensive, but still a nice return and we expect the whole portfolio of Kinetrex projects to yield a very attractive return on our overall investment even with the delays we've experienced. I'll note also on our RNG business that we got a favorable outcome from the EPA. Those are four or five words that you don't often hear from an energy executive. Favorable outcome from the EPA on its June order establishing the renewable volume obligation for the next three years. That pushed D3 RINs, those are the RINs values that matter most to us, up over $3 and we held-off on selling RINs until after that ruling came out. More significantly, our natural gas and terminals businesses are leading the way without performance versus plan. One other performance highlight to note, our CO2 business is beating plan on production. Jim and David will give you the percentages there, but we're actually up year-over-year. Now that's more than offset by lower commodity prices as I mentioned. But it's a significant accomplishment given the significant outage that we had at our SACROC, our largest field in the first quarter. That's very strong work by our EOR team. Other than that, the song remains the same. We're maintaining a strong balance sheet, originating new projects at attractive returns and returning value to our shareholders through a well-covered dividend and opportunistic share repurchases. And now I'll turn it over to our President, soon to be CEO, Kim Dang.
Kim Dang: All right. And let me say that I've enjoyed very much working with Steve for the last eight years. He has been selfless in his transition. And he has really helped put me in a position to do this role. And as Rich said, and Tom and I are also very excited about the future of this company and we're grateful for the opportunity to lead that. So with that, I'll start with the Natural Gas business unit as always. Here, our transport volumes increased by 5% versus the second quarter of last year. And that was driven by EPNG’s Line 2000 return to service. We also saw increased power demand, which was up 6%, increased LDC demand, which was up 6% and increased industrial demand, which was up 5%. These increases were offset by reduced LNG volumes and that was due to maintenance at several export facility and decreased exports to Mexico. Natural gas gathering volumes were up 19% in the quarter compared to the second quarter of last year, driven by Haynesville volumes, which were up 29%, Bakken volumes up 26% and Eagle Ford volumes up 21%. Sequentially, gathering volumes were up 7% with all three basins I just mentioned contributing to the increase. For the year, we expect gathering volumes to be up nicely about 16%, that's about 4% below our budget, driven by egress project delays and an asset sale. So largely what we're seeing is that we're not seeing much of a volume decline from our big producers. Where we're seeing some price sensitivity is on some of our smaller producers. And so that's why we still expect that we'll be up 16% for the year. As you can see from the volume increases that I just mentioned, despite a brief lull in new export LNG demand, and lower prices in the quarter versus the second quarter of 2022, the natural gas markets continued to be robust. In our Product Pipeline segment, refined products were flat for the quarter versus the second quarter of last year. Road fuels were down about 2%. Our gasoline volumes were impacted by refinery maintenance during the quarter. Diesel volumes were down as renewable diesel volumes in California are currently being transported by other methods and pipelines and that’s replaced some of the conventional diesel that previously moved on our pipe. However, the reduction in conventional diesel volumes doesn't really reflect the true economic picture as the RD volumes and projects we placed in service earlier this year are largely underpinned with take or pay contracts. So even though the volumes may not be moving on our pipeline yet, we get paid most of the revenue from those projects. Jet fuel volumes increased 9%. Crude and condensate volumes were up about 4% and that was driven primarily by higher Bakken volumes. Sequential volumes were up about 8% and that was primarily driven by the Eagle Ford. In terminals, our liquids lease capacity remained high at about 94%. Excluding the tanks out of service for required inspections, approximately 96% of our capacity is leased. Although we were down financially in the quarter, utilization at our key hubs Houston Ship Channel and the New York Harbor strengthened in the quarter. And we saw nice increases on our New York Harbor contract renewables that were negotiated during the quarter. Rates on our renewals in the Houston Ship Channel were slightly positive and our Jones Act tankers were 97% leased or 97% leased through 2024, assuming likely options are exercised. On the bulk side, overall volumes were flat, with increases in coal, fertilizer and salt, offset by reduction in grain. The grain volumes have a minimal impact on our financial results. And so excluding grain, both volumes were up 5.5%. And we also benefited financially from rate escalations. On the CO2 segment, lower prices on NGL and CO2 more than offset the increase in oil productions. Overall oil production increased 7% and that was driven by SACROC volumes where our projects have performed much better than we expected. And we've also seen strong volumes post the January outage. For the year, we still expect net oil volumes to exceed our plans which helped offset some of the price weakness. With that, I'll turn it over to David.
David Michels: Okay. Thanks, Kim. All right. So for the second quarter of 2023, we're declaring a dividend of $0.2825 per share which is $1.13 annualized, up 2% from last year. So I'll start with a few highlights before getting into the quarterly performance. We ended the second quarter 2023 with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA of 4.1 times ratio, leaving us with a good amount of capacity under our leverage target of around 4.5 times. We also had almost $500 million of cash at the end of the quarter and nothing drawn on our $4 billion revolving credit facility. We also repurchased over $203 million worth of shares in the quarter, which brings our total share repurchases for the year to almost 20 million shares repurchased at an average price of $16.61, creating what we think is very good value for our shareholders. While we are forecasting to be slightly below budget for full year, more than all of that can be explained by the lower than budgeted commodity prices. We're seeing better than budgeted performance in both our Natural Gas and in our Terminals segments. As for the quarterly performance, we generated revenue of $3.5 billion, that is down $1.65 billion from the second quarter of 2022, but our cost of sales were also down, down $1.7 billion. These were both due to the large decline in commodity prices from last year. As you will recall, we entered into offsetting purchase and sales positions in our Texas intrastate natural gas pipeline system. Those arrangements resulted in an effective take or pay transportation service. And while that leaves us -- leaves our revenue and our cost of sales exposed to price fluctuations, our margin from that activity is not impacted by price. In fact, netting the revenue and the offsetting cost of sales impacts, gross margin grew. Interest expense was higher versus 2022 as expected, which is driven by the short-term interest rates impacting our floating rate swaps and we generated net income of $586 million, down 8% from the second quarter of last year. Adjusted earnings was $540 million, down 13% compared to the second quarter of ‘22. Excluding the impact from commodity prices and interest expense, we would have been favorable to last year's performance. Our share count was down $28 million or 1% this quarter versus the second quarter of last year due to our share repurchase efforts. On to our business segment performance, improvements in our Natural Gas and Terminal segments, which were both up, were partially offset by performance on our Products and our CO2 segments. In Natural Gas, the largest driver of the outperformance came from greater sales margin in our Texas Intrastate system and favorable rates on re-contracting at our Midcontinent Express Pipeline, as well as contributions from EPNG due to a pipeline returning to service, and higher value capacity sales on Stagecoach and our Tennessee Gas Pipeline. And those are partially offset by an unfavorable re-contracting impacts on our South Texas assets. The Product Pipeline segment was down mostly due to unfavorable pricing impacts, impacting our transmix business, and unfavorable re-contracting on our KMCC asset. Our Terminal segment was up mainly due to improved contributions from our Jones Act tanker business, expansion project contributions and rate escalations, which were all partially offset by lower truck rack volumes and some higher operating costs. Our CO2 segment was down due to our CO2, NGL and oil prices partially offset by, as Steve and Kim both mentioned, higher oil production volume. Our adjusted EBITDA was $1.8 billion for the quarter, which was down 1% from last year. DCF was $1,076 million, down 9% from last year and our DCF per share was $0.48, down 8% from last year. On these non-GAAP measures, just like on our GAAP measures, excluding interest expense and commodity price headwinds, we were favorable to last year. Moving on to the balance sheet. We ended the second quarter with $30,800 million of net debt and a net debt to adjusted EBITDA of 4.1 times. As I mentioned, our net debt decreased $139 million since the beginning of the year. And I'll provide a high-level reconciliation. We generated cash flow from operations of $2.883 billion. We've paid out dividends of $1.265 billion. We've spent capital growth, sustaining and contributions to our joint ventures of $1.18 billion and we've made -- we had head stock share repurchases through the end of the quarter of $317 million and that gets you pretty close to the reconciliation for the year-to-date net debt change. Back to Steve.
Steve Kean: Okay. We're going to take your questions now. And as usual, we have a good chunk of our management team around the table. We'll try to make sure that you hear from them as well. Jordan, if you would, please open up the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin our question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Brian Reynolds with UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Reynolds: Hi, good morning, everyone. My first question is just around the guidance. We've seen 1Q and 2Q come roughly in line with the original quarterly guidance outlined at the Analyst Day. But in you prepared remarks, you talked about how commodity headwinds have been really offset by base business outperformance. So kind of looking ahead to second half, should we expect continued outperformance in kind of the natgas and terminal segment or could we see a recovery in products in the back half as well? Thanks.
David Michels: Yeah, good question, Brian. I think part of the outperformance year to date has been our ability to take advantage of some of the volatility that we've experienced particularly in our natural gas assets. And we saw some outperformance there in our interest rate business, like I mentioned. Our storage is a bit full, which might limit our ability to take advantage of that going into the end of the year. But there might be some additional ability to take advantage of that if prices and storage capacity becomes more available.
Steve Kean: Yeah. So go ahead.
Kim Dang: And so we haven't assumed that same level of outperformance in the back half of the year as what we experienced in the first part of the year. And therefore, that's why we're saying that we will be slightly down versus planned to the extent that we see some of that outperformance in the back half of the year, then that could improve the outlook that we've given you here today.
Brian Reynolds: Great. I really appreciate that color. As a follow-up, just wanted to talk RIN pricing. It's been very volatile year-to-date based on the RVO outlook. So just curious if you could help sensitize perhaps the ability for Kinder to utilize its RINs on the balance sheet that were held on the first half and then monetize in the back half or second half ‘23? Thanks.
Steve Kean: Yeah. So as I mentioned and then I'll let Anthony expand on it. We did -- we knew that there was another round coming from the EPA in June. And we expected that based on all the comments and the feedback and the data that they were going to increase the renewable volume obligation, which they did on the order of 30% for each this year and the following two years, there was 33% this year, and last the next two years. And so anticipating that we'd see some positive news rather than selling at $1.95, we held on and sold it at $2.90 and above.
Anthony Ashley: I think we -- as Kim said, we have taken advantage of the increase in pricing. I think part of the reason why, and I mentioned this a little bit I think on the first quarter call, why it was trading so low in the first half of the year is everybody had a similar strategy as we -- there was really no liquidity in the market, which was holding prices down. I now think the RVOs that came out are very supportive for RINs pricing moving forward. As I said, we've taken advantage I think of the uptick already with regards to the majority of our inventory levels. But we'll be obviously generating additional RINs for the remainder of the year and our anticipation is that -- and as far as we can see, there's no reason for RIN prices to diminish in the next -- for the remainder of the year.
Brian Reynolds: Great. Thanks. I'll leave it there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Colton Bean with TPH and Company. Your line is open.
Colton Bean: Good afternoon. Steve, you mentioned the incremental $500 million was added to the backlog. Can you provide a bit more detail on the nature of those projects? And then safe to assume those are additive to mostly ‘24 and ’25. So the runway is extending a bit here.
Steve Kean: Yeah. So I think we had some additions in our EOR business. We had some additions in our natural gas sector as well. I think those were the two primary contributors. David?
David Michels: And I think those were -- those are on the back -- those are a little bit later in the backlog than most of our backlog. So it is adding some length to the backlog overall.
Colton Bean: Got it. And maybe a question for Anthony on the landfill RNG development. I think we're tracking a bit slower than expected at time of acquisition. Could you just update us on what some of those delays may be attributable to, whether it's permitting, supply chain, construction, just generally curious as to the build out there?
Anthony Ashley: Yeah, sure. We have seen multi-month delays on the three RNG projects that we've been -- that are in construction this year. Those have been primarily, I would say, supply chain, weather and then most recently we've had some commissioning issues, which have pushed back in service of some of the facilities. The good news is we do have our first facility in service, Twin Bridges, and think we have good line of sight for -- in-service for the next two projects as well.
Colton Bean: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Theresa Chen with Barclays. Your line is open.
Theresa Chen: Hi. I'd like to follow-up on the line of thought related to RNG and D3 RINs. Just looking beyond this year, I'd love to hear about your outlook for D3 RIN pricing over time that underlights the returns of these projects. And how do you take into account the supply of additional D3 RINs if and when an eRIN halfway eventually becomes available even if it's on pause for now?
Steve Kean: Yeah, good question. So I think we obviously have the forecast for our D3 RINs. We -- when we're looking at it from an investment standpoint, we do sensitize it down to where we feel like it's sort of a low case or a worst case type of situation and to make sure that we're satisfied with the types of returns we're getting. We know we do assume in some cases that we sell also into transportation market some percentages to the transportation market -- I'm sorry, the voluntary market, which is more of a fixed price environment. And we do have some price points that we use there as well. But I think, as I was saying earlier with the RVO targets that just came out and they came out for the first time for three consecutive of years, right? So normally it's just an annual process. And they -- I think are very supportive for RINs prices moving forward with roughly a 30% increase for each consecutive year. So that compounds upon itself. And so I think that's supportive. I think obviously you mentioned eRINs as well, which has been delayed or postponed. I think our long-term view on eRIN is that, that provides another avenue for demand growth for our projects, right? So that's supportive as well for long term for pricing as well. We'll have to see when that actually comes into play. It was postponed in June and that's for, we think, probably good reasons around sort of the mechanics and logistics of how it will line, actually be implemented. But long term, I think it's a good thing for us if it comes into play.
Theresa Chen: Thank you. And in relation to your project backlog, so excluding CO2 and G&P, the remaining $2.6 billion in project, can you talk about why the average EBITDA multiple is now 4.2 times versus 3.9 times previously, and what's driving that upward pressure and lower returns?
David Michels: Sure, Theresa. The change there is just a mix of the backlog. What went in service during the quarter versus what we added in the quarter, what went in service were lower multiple, so stronger returning G&P type projects. And what came into the backlog mostly were very attractive returning projects, but a little bit -- at a little bit of a higher multiple, more in line with our longer haul pipeline type opportunities. And so that was the biggest driver of it.
Theresa Chen: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Blum with Well Fargo. Your line is open.
Michael Blum: Thanks. Maybe I want to stay on this topic. I guess, the decision to exclude the CO2 and G&P projects from the backlog multiples, I'm wondering if you could just expand on your thinking there and because you say that the cash flow streams are a little less predictable, does this change at all how you think about making those type of investments and anything around minimum hurdle rates to allocate capital there?
Kim Dang: Yeah. No, Michael. It doesn't. So I think the reason to exclude those projects is because the other projects that we have on Natural Gas and Products and Terminals, they typically have a very consistent cash flow. And so people, a lot of the sell side like you are using the backlog and they're looking at the multiple and they're saying, okay, well that's the level of EBITDA I should assume from these projects. Well, as you know, when some of the CO2 projects come on or some of the G&P projects come on, they can come on at higher multiples but then they ultimately decline over time. And in many cases, that cash flow is replacing other cash flows which are declining. And so all we were trying to do is give people a better proxy for estimating what cash flow is incremental and stably recurring. It does not change the way that we think about CO2 or G&P projects. Those projects, they have more variability and therefore we require a higher return on those projects. And so as you know, when we're doing CO2 projects, we're typically requiring 20% or higher returns, but we think those are very attractive turns -- returns and we should do those projects and G&P are typically in the high teens and those are very attractive returns. And so we'll continue to do those. But we were just trying to help people in their modeling.
Michael Blum: Okay. Got it. No. That makes sense. Thanks for that. I also wanted to ask about Midcontinent Express. You've had a really nice uptick there in the last couple of quarters and think you mentioned in the prepared remarks some favorable re-contracting on an MEP. So, you could just maybe just clarify just how sustainable this new kind of run rate is for MEP, and then, how much is -- how much of the capacity is now contracted and duration of contracts? Thanks.
Sital Mody: Yeah, Michael. So when we take a step back and look at MEP, over the past couple of years, we've seen a lot of the Oklahoma Basin Drilling driving some of that basis. But as we move forward, really we see that basis strengthening. Now, as all the LNG facilities come on that Louisiana Gulf Coast corridor as well as some of our Southeast markets competing for supply. So we do see that basis continuing to sustain if not grow. We've got incremental LNG facilities coming on in 2024. As you know, Golden Pass first up. So nothing but support we think for the basis. We've been opportunistic in terms of how we're selling that capacity, trying to capture the highest margins. And so we'll continue to do so. Probably in the two to three-year tranche, we've been selling out the capacity, waiting for -- waiting for that spread to widen a little bit.
Michael Blum: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tristan Richardson with Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Tristan Richardson: Hey, good evening guys. Just a question on the Midstream side. Obviously seeing very strong year-over-year growth rates across your three primary basins. Maybe you also mentioned in the prepared comments though that you are seeing at the margin maybe some smaller producers being a little bit more price sensitive. Maybe curious about regionally where you're seeing that most across the three basins in Midstream?
Rich Kinder: Sital?
Sital Mody: Yeah. So, good question. Across the three basins, really on the -- at the -- in the Haynesville, we have some of our smaller producers that given the current pricing environment that have kind of tapered off some of the drilling plans. Obviously, our big producers or larger producers there I think you know who they are. But I mean those guys still anticipate the LNG demand coming on at the back half of the year as well as Europe's potential volatility that may arise. Our sense is they're going to continue to keep these rigs up in the Bakken. We've continued to see growth in the Bakken. And then in the Eagle Ford, here's a data point for you, we're ahead of our volumes pre-COVID, even in this price environment. So all those systems are pretty well, all systems go.
Tristan Richardson: That's great. And then just a quick follow-up on the Gulf Coast storage expansion you guys announced, I think the Markham project. Can you maybe give some context around relative magnitude versus your overall storage portfolio? And then maybe just some of the logistics, are we assuming third party contracts or is this all considered perhaps new storage that would be available to new customers? Maybe just curious to touch on that one.
Steve Kean: Yeah. So that basically -- you're referring to our Markham expansion, that's a 6 Bcf incremental expansion to our Markham facility. We're adding about 650,000 of incremental withdrawal capacity. And at this point, our plan is to offer it up to our customer base. In fact, we sold most of it at rates really higher than we sanctioned the project with several returns or even better than we anticipated. Did I answer your question there?
Tristan Richardson: Yep. That's very helpful. Thank you guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Stanley with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Keith Stanley: Hi, thank you. The first question, kind of a random one, but how is the company thinking about gas marketing, which I think some of your peers are more active in? Is that a business that you could try to grow in to increase margin? It just seems like if your view is gas is going to be more volatile, you have a lot of storage and other physical asset positions. Is marketing something that's becoming more interesting given the direction that gas is going?
Steve Kean: Yes, it is, but with an important note of caution there. We have done a fair amount of enhancement in our crude pipeline assets by picking up capacity that would otherwise not be utilized by third party shippers and making use of it and attracting additional volumes to the system in order to recover additional tariffs. And so we've done very well with that. We are extending that a bit into the gas marketing arena. But very much sticking to our knitting there and doing it in a non-speculative and kind of legging into it gradually. But we do expect we'll be able to build on that as we go. There's another part of the business, which is larger than that right now, which is in our Texas Intrastate business where we buy and sell natural gas. As David pointed out in his comments about revenue versus cost of goods sold, that is often done with reference to the same Houston Ship Channel price, purchase at Houston Ship Channel minus sell it at Houston Ship Channel or Houston Ship Channel Plus and pull out a transport margin in between. But we have storage and we often find that we have excess storage that we can optimize and make money on it in the state of Texas. And we've done very well with that and that shows up in some of the optimization numbers that David was going through. So it's an activity that we're already in, in kind of a limited way in Texas and we're looking to pick up additional and have picked up additional bits of capacity here and there around our system in order to expand on that business, but doing it in a very, I would say, very conservative and careful way.
Keith Stanley: Makes sense. Thanks. And second question on the buybacks. So you've got a lot year to date now. And the press release referenced $200 million of unbudgeted buybacks during Q2. Can you clarify what you mean by unbudgeted buybacks and then how you think about buyback capacity for the company over the balance of the year versus other priorities? Thanks.
David Michels: The unbudgeted comment just meant that we didn't budget for those.
Kim Dang: And we don't budget for share repurchase.
David Michels: And we don't budget for our share repurchase because we take an opportunistic approach. It's share price dependent. We don't take a program -- in general, we don't take a programmatic approach to share repurchases. We think that's the right way to run this program. Going forward, what we'd like to do is take a balanced approach. We do -- we will use balance sheet capacity for share repurchases if it makes sense, if the price makes sense for us to repurchase, but we want to do so in a way that's measured. We've worked really hard to improve our balance sheet. We've got it in a really good spot and we don't do anything to damage that, but we also want to take advantage of good share repurchase opportunities.
Keith Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Neal Dingmann: Yeah, good evening, guys. Just maybe a quick broad one first. Not surprising you all mentioned just healthier lower than budget commodity prices impacted results. I'm just wondering kind of a go forward now, have you reset or how you're thinking about sort of the remainder of the year and into ‘24, how much differently now just maybe in broad strokes.
Kim Dang: So yes, so the forecast that we gave you today has the gas prices and the crude prices at the -- roughly the current forward curve. So, yes, we've reset it for 2023. And in 2024, we don't really get into that. So we do our budget process later in the year.
Neal Dingmann: Okay. Great answer. And then just lastly, again, also not surprising you all mentioned just in the release how the crude and condensate business was impacted by the lower re-contracting rates, certainly just looking -- what I was looking in within the Eagle Ford, and I'm just wondering, could you speak to degree of rates also in the same basin going forward, again, maybe the remainder of the year that will be -- need to be re-contracted there?
Rich Kinder: Dax Sanders?
Dax Sanders: Yeah, so we did -- we rolled one contract there. There's still a -- we've gone through over the last couple of years the original legacy contracts from back in 2013, 2014 and not surprising the rates that they're rolling at are lower than that. Right now, on KMCC, we've got about 84 a day, 85 a day of capacity held by third parties. We've got about 75 held by our intercompany marketing affiliate that Steve spoke about. Of that 85, that rolls over the next kind of call it two to three years. And we would expect, I mean, those contracts have largely already rolled from the high legacy rates of 10 years ago. So they'll roll, but we wouldn't expect that there would be any massive changes like you've seen with the past couple of years.
Neal Dingmann: Helpful. Thanks, Dax.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jean Ann Salisbury with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hi. I think that you were just addressing crude in the last question, but I think I have sort of a similar question, which is that Eagle Ford volumes for gas were up year-on-year pretty materially. But it sounds like Eagle Ford contribution is down. I think that that's pretty much all because of the Copano roll-off. Is that right and has that fully rolled off now?
Dax Sanders: Jean, yes, that's right. 2023 was the last year of those roll-offs. And so now we should see -- as we re-contract -- we've already done our re-contracting through the 2023 period. And so as we increase these volumes now, we're just going to focus on increasing our margins.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay. That makes sense. And then as a follow-up, a lot of people are forecasting -- are forecasting a widening of Texas and Louisiana gas differentials as not all Permian gas is able to get to Louisiana LNG. Do you agree with this and does it change how you're thinking about your next Permian gas takeaway solution offering?
Dax Sanders: Well, one, we do see a need to get some infrastructure across to the Eastern Louisiana side. We are looking at some opportunities on our interstate networks to complement that or to accomplish that. As we look at the next Permian project, we are having discussions not only with Gulf Coast LNG facilities but also with the Louisiana facility. So all of that will be taken into context, but I do see a physical need to get across from the western side to the eastern side.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Great. Thanks. That's all for me.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neel Mitra with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Neel Mitra: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to follow-up on LNG demand specifically in the Corpus Christi area. Now that we have the Rio Grande project sanctioned, do you see any incremental interest in expanding GCX given that there's more demand in the Corpus Christi area and the last two pipes have been built to the Houston area?
Sital Mody: Yeah. So first congratulations to NextDecade team on getting that project across to the FID. At the outset, it's good for the network, period. But yes, there is incremental interest not only in a Permian project, but also you've noticed we've sanctioned our Freer to Sinton project. We've also got renewed interest in GCX, those conversations are happening. But as you know, we're in a very competitive environment and returns are going to determine whether or not we proceed with the next project.
Steve Kean: So, and the reference to NextDecade was separate and apart from GCX. We're not attributing that to particular. But I think the main update there is we had told you before that those discussions had gone cold and they are now active again.
Sital Mody: That's right.
Steve Kean: And that's the change.
Neel Mitra: Got it. And then the second follow-up on the contract structure maybe for your Texas Intrastate network. We had pretty weak basis in the second quarter. I think it averaged about $0.60 between Waha and Henry Hub because of the heat. So do you have marketing contracts or short-term contracts? How are you able to increase your earnings off of that with a narrow basis there this quarter?
Kim Dang: So I just want to clarify a couple of things. First, the -- what Steve was talking about on Texas Intrastate business and the purchase and sales there. Typically, we're locking in those purchase and sales over a year or two years or three years. And so, and it's real supply and it's real demand on the other end. And so it's not as affected by changing basis differentials. There is a market for what that transport spread is worth. And because there's demand on the other end, it doesn't necessarily move as much as the forward spreads move all the time. So that's with respect to the Texas Intrastate market. With respect to the spread between Waha and Houston, we do have a little bit of capacity between Waha and Houston. We’ve hedged that capacity for this year and into next. And so we don't have much exposure there to what's happening, good or bad with those basis differentials.
Neel Mitra: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good afternoon.
Rich Kinder: Good afternoon.
Jeremy Tonet: Steve, wish you the best of luck in retirement here. Just want to start off, I guess, in the past, I think, calls you talked about, you know, 4, 5 as kind of a leverage level that the company thought about. And just wondering, is that still the level that you guys are kind of seeing as appropriate for Kinder over time here? And if it is, what’s the path to getting there given that leverage sits lower right now? Would it be more buybacks? Would it be acquisitions? Or would it be growth projects and just wondering what type of multiples are you seeing on new growth projects given that this -- was a little bit of shift as you guys talked about with the backlog update?
Kim Dang: Okay. Let me make a couple of points on that. Okay. Well, first one is we are very comfortable with the 4.5 times leverage target given the breadth and the scope of our assets. And we have looked at whether it makes sense to bring that down and we don't think it does. We think that where we are rated, BBB plus is a good place for a company like ours and our ability to raise the debt that we need at reasonable rates and that it would cost a lot of money to take our leverage much lower and there's not much benefit in our cost of capital. And so we're leaving our leverage target at 4.5 times right now. As David told you, we're running that 4.1 times, it's not burning a hole in our pocket, right? I mean, so we like having some flexibility on our balance sheet. And so we don't feel some type of pressure to go from 4.1 to 4.5. When we see nice opportunities, we have flexibility there because we have that capacity. But if we don't see opportunities, we're not going to stretch for anything to use that leverage capacity. So we're not changing any of our return targets because we have average capability. And with respect to the multiple going up on the backlog, what I would say about that is we target on average 15% unlevered after-tax project. That can be -- I mean that can in some cases result in a going in multiple of 7 times or 8 times. And just because our existing backlog is less than a 7 times or 8 times multiple, we're still going to do that project. It's a 15% unlevered after-tax return. So we're going to do it even though it might increase the multiple on our backlog. So we're not -- as we look at projects, we're not saying, oh, what happens to our backlog multiple, that determines whether we do the project? No. Is it a good return project? We will go lower than 15% unlevered tax return for a project with long term contracts. But we don't -- we're not going to drop into single digits. So that's how we think about it. Think about it more, we're doing -- we're out there, we're looking for projects we're trying to earn the maximum return that we can. We have a return threshold and even though that might cause our backlog return to change, we'll still do that project. And, follow-up question? Oh, sorry. I said BBB plus, I should have said we're happy with BBB. Sorry.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful there. And just one last one, if I could, regards to the CCS, we've seen some action recently in the industry projects continue to move forward and other items developing there. Just wondering, is there anything new to share from Kinder Morgan's perspective with regards to CCS potential.
Kim Dang: CCS?
Jeremy Tonet: Carbon capture. Yeah.
Steve Kean: Good. Sorry. What was the question? [indiscernible]
Jeremy Tonet: Just there's been some actions out there in the CCS industry projects, bigger projects moving forward in the Midwest and and other actions out there in the industry at large and just wondering if there's any updated thoughts from Kinder Morgan with regards to potential CCS efforts?
Anthony Ashley: Yeah. We continue to be very busy on the CCS front, I would say both around our existing structure that we have in West Texas. We talked about our Red Cedar project in January, that continues to progress well. We're talking to a number of other folks in West Texas as well. And then we're very active kind of in conversations in the Gulf Coast as well. I’d say, both from sort of the transportation and the registration side of things as well as just pure potential transportation and opportunities. And so these are long development cycle opportunities and I think once -- when it's appropriate for us to talk to you guys about that, we'll talk about those projects, but there's a lot of activity especially post IRA in that world.
Rich Kinder: And we're definitely looking at it and of course what we bring to the table is the expertise to move it and sequester it. And we've done that in West Texas and we can do that in the Gulf Coast if the opportunities are correct and the returns are correct.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Makes sense. I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Thank you, everybody. Have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-19 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Today’s call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I’ll now turn the call over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan.
Rich Kinder: Thank you, Ted. And as usual, before we begin, I’d like to remind you that KMI’s earnings release today and this call include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosures on forward-looking statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release as well as review our latest filings with the SEC for important material assumptions, expectations, and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking statements. Now today, Steve, Kim and David will take you through the details, but we believe 2023 is off to a good start while in a company our size, there are always lots of moving parts. I think 2023 will be a solid year for KMI, and that with our capital expenditure program, we are positioning ourselves well for 2024 and beyond. At both the Board and management level, we remain committed to transparency and utilizing our strong cash flow to benefit our shareholders by maintaining a strong balance sheet, funding capital projects that produce returns well in excess of our cost of capital, paying a healthy and growing dividend, which by the way, in terms of yield, is one of the top 10 in the S&P 500 and repurchasing our shares on an opportunistic basis. In addition, through our investments in renewable natural gas, renewable diesel, and carbon capture and sequestration facilities, we are participating in the transition to cleaner energy. Let me conclude by reiterating our view, consistent with that of most energy experts worldwide, that fossil fuels will supply the great majority of the planet's energy needs for decades to come. For example, the recent IEA World Energy Outlook predicts that fossil fuels will supply 62% of the world's energy demand in 2050. And just this week, our Assistant Secretary of Energy stated that given the current state of events and I quote, “the world absolutely needs new gas investment”. While we expect that renewables will experience rapid growth over the coming years, the demand for energy as a whole will also increase substantially. Thus driving the continued use of fossil fuels with natural gas playing an especially important role in the coming energy transition. In my judgment, this outlook deflates the argument of those investors who avoid our segment because they do not believe our assets will produce long-term value. And with that, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steve Kean: All right. Thanks, Rich. I'll make a few key points about our business, and then Kim and David will cover the substance and details of our performance, and then we'll take your questions. The overview is this. Our balance sheet is strong. Our backlog of projects is up and our largest business, natural gas continues to show growing strength. A couple of more details on each of those. We built our budget for this year with balance sheet capacity available to enable opportunistic share repurchases and incremental investment opportunities at attractive returns, and we have done both. Second, the backlog projects are attractive returns in aggregate, well-above our cost of capital. At Investor Day, every year, starting with the 2015 to 2017 period, we have been showing you on an EBITDA multiple basis, how we perform in those investments relative to our original assumptions. And we have performed very well. It's currently a challenging time from a supply chain standpoint, but we expect to deliver the current slate of projects even with a challenge here and there at very attractive returns. Our current backlog is $3.7 billion, up $400 million quarter-to-quarter and had an aggregate EBITDA multiple of 3.5x. Third, on renewals, we showed at the beginning of the year how our base business renewals in the 2023 budget are showing more increases, the decreases especially in our natural gas business as the network tightens with increasing supply and demand. So a strong balance sheet, a growing backlog and good signs in our base business. A few other broad points about the macro backdrop underpinning this performance. First, as it's becoming clear as time goes on and as Rich mentioned, hydrocarbon infrastructure is going to be needed for a very long time to come in its current use. The world needs reliable and affordable energy to advance human development, and it needs natural gas transportation and storage assets to backstop renewables. Second, our assets are also well positioned for the energy forms of the future. You can see that with the renewable liquid fuels and renewable feedstocks products -- projects in our products and terminals businesses. Third, our existing natural gas transportation and storage network is growing more valuable as the grid tightens with increasing demand over time, and increasing volatility. Compounding this effect is the difficulty of siting new infrastructure in many parts of the country. The value of the network was on display in the first quarter, where we had strong performance in our gas business and what was otherwise except for the West, a mild and unremarkable winter. Finally, on the other hand, our network is well positioned for expansion in those parts of the country where it is possible to build new infrastructure, the Gulf Coast primarily. Our gas transportation and storage network is well positioned in Texas and Louisiana, where over 90% of natural gas demand growth is expected to take place. This point is well demonstrated by the growth in natural gas projects in our backlog. With that overview, I'll turn it over to Kim.
Kim Dang: Okay. Thanks, Steve. So let's start with the natural gas business unit as usual. Here, transport volumes increased by about 3% for the quarter versus the first quarter of 2022. That was driven by EPNG Line 2000 return to service in mid-February, a 10% increase in deliveries to power plants as a result of colder weather in the top left, coal retirement and low gas prices. The increases were offset by reduced LNG volume that was attributable to the Freeport outage, decreased export to Mexico and reduced HDDs in Texas, Midwest and the East. Natural gas gathering volumes were up 18% in the quarter compared to the first quarter of 2022, and that was driven by a 42% increase in Haynesville volumes, and a 21% increase in Eagle Ford volumes. Sequentially, total gathering volumes were up 4%. In our products pipeline segment, refined products volumes were flat for the quarter versus the first quarter of 2022 that was roughly in line with EIA, although there's some variability in the components. Road fuels were down 3%, but we saw a 12% increase in jet fuel as international travel increased. Crude and condensate volumes were down 5% in the quarter versus the first quarter of 2022 and that was driven by lower HH volumes as a result of unfavorable locational basis differentials coming out of the Bakken. Sequentially, volumes were up 1%. In our Terminals business segment, our liquids lease capacity remains high at 93%. Excluding tanks out of service for required inspection, approximately 96% of our capacity is leased. From a market perspective, there's been some nice improvements in our major liquids markets. In the New York Harbor, our Carteret Terminal is effectively 98% leased and had the strongest Q1 throughput since Q1 of 2019. In the Houston Ship Channel, we're effectively 100% leased and rates have firmed up, and the Jones Act market continues to strengthen. On the bulk side, overall volumes were up 3%, and that was due to increased volumes in pet coke, coal, steel and grain. In the CO2 segment, prices were flat to down, depending on the commodity. On volumes, the CO2 volumes were down about 3%. With respect to oil volume, during the quarter, we had an outage at SACROC, which is our largest field and accounts for roughly two-thirds of our net production. The field was down completely for 10 days in late January, early February, and then it took another seven days to ramp up to full production, which impacted both our oil and NGL volumes. It's hard to recreate what would have happened if we didn't have the outage, but our very rough estimate is that overall net oil production would have been up 6% or better comparing to the first quarter -- comparing the first quarter of 2023 to the first quarter of 2022 as opposed to being down 2%, and NGL volume would have been up 1% versus being down 22%. These volumes would have added roughly $16 million or more to our segment results. Despite this outage, we still expect overall net oil volumes to be on budget for the year. And with that, I'll turn it over to David Michels.
David Michels: Okay. Thank you, Kim. So for the first quarter of 2023, we're declaring a dividend of $0.2825 per share, which is $1.13 per share annualized, up 2% from the 2022 dividend. I'll start with a few highlights. We ended the first quarter of 2023 with net debt to adjusted EBITDA of 4.1 times, which leaves us with a good amount of capacity under our leverage target of around 4.5 times. We ended the quarter with over $400 million of cash on hand and nothing drawn on our $4 billion revolver capacity. We also issued $1.5 billion of bonds during the quarter, which addresses the majority of our funding needs for the rest of the year at favorable rates. We repurchased 6.8 million shares at an average price of $16.62 per share, and we entered into additional short-term interest rate locks. We have now eliminated short-term interest rate exposure on about half of our floating rate debt through 2023. That helps protect us from further interest rate pressure and the locks have an average rate slightly better than our budget. Our balance sheet and liquidity are strong, and we continue to create value for our shareholders in multiple ways. For the full year, we are leaving our 2023 budget guidance in place. It's still early in the year and a lot could change. We are facing pressure from commodity prices, as prices both realized to date as well as in the forward curves are below our budgeted prices. However, our forecast shows that pressure being substantially offset by better-than-expected operational performance, particularly in our natural gas and terminals business units. Before going on to the quarterly performance, you will notice that our financial disclosure has been updated. We believe this updated disclosure is more aligned with recent SEC guidance, particularly related to non-GAAP disclosure. Now on to the quarterly performance, we generated revenue of $3.9 billion, which is down $405 million from the first quarter of 2022. Our cost of sales was down $679 million to $1.2 billion. As expected, interest expense was up versus 2022. We generated net income of $679 million, up 2% from the first quarter of last year. Adjusted earnings, which excludes certain items was $675 million, down 8% compared to the first quarter of 2022. On our business unit performance, our business segments were up 3% from the first quarter of 2022 in total, and our Natural Gas and Terminals segments were up and our products and CO2 segments were down. Our Natural Gas segment was up with the largest drivers coming from greater sales margin on our Texas intrastate system and favorable rates on our recontracting at Midcontinent Express Pipeline. Our Product Pipeline segment was down mostly due to favorable first quarter 2022 commodity prices, which benefited our transmix businesses. Our Terminals segment was up mainly due to rate escalations and stronger volumes in our bulk terminals businesses, and our CO2 segment was down due to lower NGL prices and volume, lower oil volume and higher pipeline integrity costs. Our G&A and interest expenses were higher versus the first quarter of last year. And additionally, in the first quarter, we had sustaining capital higher versus last year. We budgeted to have higher sustaining capital for 2023 versus 2022. And currently, we're forecasting sustaining capital to be only slightly higher than budget for the full year. Well, we also had -- but also some of the quarter over last year quarter variance is due to some spend being accelerated into the first quarter. So our adjusted EBITDA was $1.996 billion for the quarter, up 1% from last year. Our DCF was $1.374 billion, down 6% from last year, and our DCF per share was $0.61, down 5% from last year. Moving on to our balance sheet. We ended the first quarter with $30.900 billion of net debt, and our 4.1 times ratio is the same as it was at year-end 2022. Our net debt decreased $52 million over the quarter. And here is a high-level reconciliation of that change. We generated $1.333 billion of cash flow from operations. We paid out $625 million approximately in dividends. We spent approximately $550 million in total capital, and that includes both growth and sustaining capital as well as contributions to our joint ventures, and we spent $113 million on stock repurchases. And that gets you close to the $52 million change for net debt. Finally, I'd like to remind our research analysts that we provide a quarterly breakdown of our annual budget on several metrics, EPS, EBITDA and DCF. And we do that since our expected yearly results are not evenly distributed. The main driver of that is our seasonality in our natural gas pipeline business, which typically generate greater margin on our first and fourth quarters due to strong winter demand resulting in higher rates and capacity utilization. Additionally, we have -- we usually have greater expenses in the second quarter due to estimated tax payments. So for example, we disclosed that our budgeted DCF for the first quarter was approximately $1.4 billion, while our budgeted DCF for the second quarter was approximately $1.0 billion reflecting that expected seasonality. Our actual DCF for the first quarter was $1.374 billion, a little lower than our budget, partially due to that accelerated capital -- sustaining capital spending. And at this point, there are a number of analysts estimates that appear to be out of line with this quarterly guidance. So we encourage you to revisit that guidance as necessary. With that, I'll turn it back to Steve.
Steve Kean: Okay. Ted, we'll open it up to questions now. And I'll just point out that in addition to the people you've heard from so far, we've got a good portion of our management team around the table here and we'll try to make sure you get an opportunity to hear from them on the questions you have about their businesses. So Ted, let's open it up.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question in the queue is from Brian Reynolds with UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Reynolds: Hi, good afternoon, everyone. Maybe to start off on the EBITDA guidance. You talked about the base nat gas business perhaps outperforming slightly during the quarter, which is offset by the crude and nat gas deck and slightly lower product and terminals volumes. So I guess, perhaps on a forward-looking basis relative to the original guide in January, could you provide some puts and takes on a go-forward basis as the base nat gas business perhaps outperforms while the commodity deck and then product volumes relative to the January guide and PHP delay partially offset? Thanks.
David Michels: Yes. I think that's -- I think the bottom line summary is commodity prices are pressuring our business in the CO2 business and a little bit in our natural gas business, and those are being largely offset with some of the items that you talked about largely offset so far for the year so that, that business operational performance -- outperformance is offsetting that commodity price weakness and a lot of that is coming in our natural gas business, particularly in intra-states and in poles and higher commodity price, higher capacity sales values across our system in the natural gas business, we're also seeing higher terminals, rate escalations than what we had budgeted.
Brian Reynolds: Great. Thanks. And maybe as a follow-up on growth CapEx, PHP delayed a few months, and then you have a TGP East 300 projects and the Tennessee Valley Authority projects coming into the backlog apparently. Is there any upward pressure on CapEx this year, or could some of that get pushed into next? Thanks.
Steve Kean: Yes. Look, there's some upward pressure on CapEx, but it's not -- I don't think material to the overall investments that we're making this year, Really what we're seeing is there's been a slight uptick in our capital expenditures -- discretionary capital expenditures for the year, but that's largely due to new opportunities that have emerged over the course of the year. And look, we've been managing this since we started seeing inflation crop up over the course of 2022. We continue to do that and continue to examine our assumptions. And when we sanction new projects, we're always making sure that our cost and schedule estimates are up to date. We're monitoring on a routine basis, the lead times for various key components, et cetera. And -- and overall, like I said in my remarks, I think we're expecting to do very well on the capital that we're putting to work.
Brian Reynolds: Great. Appreciate it. I'll leave it there. Have a great rest of the evening.
Operator: Next question in the queue is from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good afternoon.
Steve Kean: Good afternoon.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to follow-up on the last point, I guess, as it relates to operational performance in the quarter versus budget noted that Texas interstate doing better than expected. Is that a function of just long-term contract renewals at better-than-expected rates, or was that kind of marketing opportunities that are spread based? Just trying to get a bit more color on the drivers there and the durability of those trends.
Steve Kean: Yes, I mean, it's really kind of across the board. It's on contract renewals. It's on short-term business that we're doing, and it's on rates that we're getting for new business as well. Sital do you have any other comments there?
Sital Mody: I mean I really -- and also improve storage values a big piece.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it, that's very helpful there. And then just kind of shifting to the Permian as a whole. Natural gas egress, we've seen volatility in Waha prices and with PHP being pushed off a little bit here, I would imagine that would persist across the year. Just wondering your thoughts, I guess, for egress and when the next pipe of the Permian could be needed in Kinder could participate in that type of project. Just wondering an updated Permian natural gas egress thoughts on their side?
Steve Kean: Yes. Well, of course, you're right, and Waha has faced some pressure as a result, and there's been a combination of just continued growth in production. Also, there's been some maintenance, which used to be sort of back page gas daily kind of thing, but now it's sort of front page of mainstream media. But there's that, there's the growth in the underlying business. And so we -- clearly, we need additional expansion capability out of there. PHP provides that on a pretty quick basis. We are seeing a small delay, but that was fast capacity addition that we're doing largely with compression and just a tiny bit of pipe out there. In terms of the longer term project egress, there are some on the boards right now, we continue to evaluate long-haul pipe expansion, but we're not making any real commitments or updates on that. We'll continue to talk with customers. We believe it will be needed, but probably in the Sital to 20--.
Sital Mody: 2026, 2027.
Steve Kean: 2026, 2027 timeframe. So we'll continue to work on it.
Jeremy Tonet: 2026, 2027 in service or when a new pipe would start construction?
Steve Kean: In service.
Jeremy Tonet: That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question in the queue is from Colton Bean with Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Your line is open.
Colton Bean: Good afternoon. Maybe just sticking on PHP, it looks like the one to two-month delay there versus initial expectations November 1st. So, is first, any detail on which components are driving the shift? And then are those now in hand, or do we still need to see some supply chain improvement to hit the December in service?
Steve Kean: Well, I don't know about in hand. So, this is our provider of the compression and they have upstream providers of certain -- really, it's electrical equipment. And they have that identified. They're getting it, but it's been delayed. And so that's why we reflected a delay. We're still going to get this thing done. It's just -- the supply chain is still a little bit tangled and that's what we're seeing there.
Colton Bean: Okay. So based on everything you're seeing today, it still seems like sometime before year-end?
Steve Kean: Yes. Yes. Yes.
Colton Bean: Great. And then, David, you mentioned locking in roughly half the floating rate exposure through year end 2023. I guess can you comment on where that stands for 2024 and more generally, do you have interest in locking in rates for next year or contend to see how the market plays out for the time being?
David Michels: Yeah, it's a good question. It is something we've taken a look at. We haven't locked anything in for next year yet. When we first started locking in interest rates for -- to address some of our floating rate exposure, it was when interest rates were really, really low. So there was very little downside in doing it. We started doing it this year because there was some volatility that we forecasted for the year. And so we wanted to take some of the potential downside pressure off the table. Still too early for us to weigh in on what that environment looks like next year, but we'll continue to keep an eye on it.
Kim Dang: And the slots at expire?
David Michels: And yeah, we do have some -- that's a good point, Kim. Kim reminded me that we do have some of the swaps about, I think it's $1.2 billion of our swaps portfolio mature by the end of the year this year. So that's also a component that we're going to take into account when we're thinking about locking in future swaps.
Operator: Next question in the queue is from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Michael Blum: Thanks. Hi, everyone. I wanted to ask about D3 RIN prices. They've come down quite a bit recently. I wonder, if you can just remind us how this impacts the economics of your RNG projects?
Steve Kean: Anthony Ashley?
Anthony Ashley: Yeah, Michael, hi. Yeah. So then what we've seen, I think, is a bit of a short-term phenomenon with -- and it kind of resulted out of the EPA proposal that came out last November. They came out with proposed RVO targets, which were, I think, clearly, the market realizes were too low and so through the market into excess supply. The current prices today, there's really no liquidity in. So I don't think there's necessarily any basis in those numbers. I think there's a substantial evidence for the EPA when it comes out of its final ruling in June to increase those targets, and we fully expect RIN prices to recover in the second half of the year.
Steve Kean: And just maybe two other points, Anthony. We're not a forced seller of D3 RINs. So we don't -- we're not forced for funding or financing or other reasons to come out into this market at this point. And then the other point is we do this routinely, but we look to stress test our project returns to make sure there's still good returns under different RINs pricing scenarios and the projects and the investments that we've made in this sector still look good.
Michael Blum: Okay. Thanks for all that. My second question, I want to talk about the balance sheet. So your leverage is this 4.1, your budget for the year is 4.0. But your long-term target is 4.5. Any thoughts to reduce that reduce that target over time, or should we expect that leverage will go back to that 4.5 times level over time? And if it does, what would get you there? Thanks.
David Michels: Yeah, it's a good question, Michael. So no, we don't have an anticipation of changing our long-term leverage target of around 4.5 times. We have been operating below it, we think that's prudent. It can give us some cushion, should we have any headwinds, or should we see favorable opportunities out there to take advantage of, we could utilize some of that capacity to take advantage of those opportunities. I think we would just have to wait and see what those look like. I don't think you have any particular ones on our table right now. But I think we can -- we would say that, we'd be disciplined with the utilization of that capacity, because we do like having some of that cushion available to us.
Michael Blum: Thank you.
Operator: The next question in the queue is from Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Neal Dingmann: Afternoon, guys. My question is natural gas storage. I'm just wondering, I'm wondering how you all view the natural gas storage opportunities given out there, obviously, the time spread reflects pretty heavy contango right now. So I'm just wondering maybe how much of a spread could you possibly capture? And I was curious, if there's a lot of growth opportunities around that?
Steve Kean: Yeah, So Neal, we've flipped from a backward dated curve to a Contango curve. We see the supply and demand fundamentals moving in a positive direction. And so when you just take a step back and look at storage, we're seeing volatility across the network. I think the value in terms of what we can get to is new build, right, the new build mark. We've been renewing storage at $3 mark as of late and probably north of that. And so I think – as we move forward, we continue to see longer-term renewals as well as higher-priced renewals.
Neal Dingmann: Got it. Okay. And then just lastly, just on RNG, just wondering again, maybe you could just address that market overall. It seems that haven't heard as much recently from you all or just on other opportunities that you might be seeing just on the horizon there?
Steve Kean: Anthony?
Anthony Ashley: Yeah. I think where we are today is where our focus is on building out of the projects that we have in place that we effectively acquired with the three acquisitions we've done over the last couple of years. It has been I think on an M&A front, it become a little bit more of a frothy market for us. And so our focus has been building out the projects we have and future organic growth there.
Neal Dingmann: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Jean Ann Salisbury with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hi. Good afternoon. Can you talk about the current backlog with a better multiple expectation at 3.5, obviously, than kind of your historical average. Does that reflect a raising of the bar generally, or is it specific to a couple of brownfield projects, big ticket items and the current backlog, and I shouldn't read into it too much for the long term?
Steve Kean: Yeah. It's not really a raising of the bar. We've had a hurdle rate that we've talked about before of about 15% that turns out to be kind of a starting point, if there's a project with long-term contracts, secure cash flows and very consistent cash flows, we flex off of that, which we do on bigger projects and then that gets you to why you're seeing a difference in the multiple. The bigger long-haul projects and the bigger investments they tend to be done in an environment where there are others who are competing for that, and we end up with a good return, but a bit of a higher multiple of EBITDA. So I think GCX, PHP, think of Alba as an example, over this period of time that we're talking about where we've had our hurdle rate in place. And so there have been more of those in the mix historically when we've been kind of showing you guys 6x EBITDA multiples on our projects, when we do our annual update at the investor conference. And now a lot of these projects are high-return build-offs of existing – the existing network at very attractive returns. And so the multiple ends up being a lot more attractive. The EBITDA multiple is a lot lower as a result. So not a function of hurdle rate, more a function of the composition of long haul and short haul, call it.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Great. That makes sense. And then after Winter Storm Yuri, as you guys kind of talked about, there should have been kind of willingness to pay more for gas pipelines and storage in Texas as a form of insurance, and it looks like that's been flowing through. I guess my question is, there's been some talk about this Texas energy insurance program. The thing about building out all of these insurance gas power plants for spare capacity. Would you view that as a positive or negative for Kinder Morgan if it does go through, in a way, I suppose it's sort of competing for insurance with your storage and pipeline capacity?
Steve Kean: Not really competing with it. It would be a customer for it. And so, look, we'll break it into two here. One is, whether or not its good public policy, and I'll refrain from commenting on that. But the other is, if they build new gas-fired capacity in the state of Texas to improve reliability in the electric grid, that's a good thing for gas companies in Texas. But you could have a long debate and there is a long debate happening in Austin on whether you ought to just simply let the people who already build those things and have been building them, at least along our footprint to continue to build them as opposed to having the state build them, or incent their building, I guess.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay. Thank you. That’s all for me.
Operator: Next question is from Spiro Dounis with Citi. Your line is open.
Spiro Dounis: Thanks, operator. Afternoon, guys. Kim, first one for you. I think you had mentioned lower natural gas prices as a positive factor in attracting back some demand from power and industrial customers. Curious if you think we've maybe seen a lot of that demand elasticity sort of snap back and play out at this point, or do you think there's a lot of latent capacity in the system that maybe hasn't reacted to lower prices yet?
Kim Dang: In terms of the power demand, well, I'd say the power demand we saw in the first quarter was up 10% versus the first quarter of 2022. So we saw nice increases in power demand. But we didn't have a winner in the center of the country all the way East really. And so, had we had more HDDs during the winter, I think that power demand could have been higher than what we saw and therefore, the gas that we moved to those power plants would have been higher.
Spiro Dounis: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. Second question, also on natural gas prices. And if I could, maybe just curious to get your all thinking on the trajectory of nat gas prices from here. And I guess as we look out beyond 2024 to 2025, you see a lot of LNG capacity coming, which should be supportive. But I think between now and then, there is an expectation here that supply could push prices down further. And just given you guys are close to your customers, just curious kind of what you're hearing and maybe how you'd expect producers to react if we do see prices fall maybe below $2?
Kim Dang: Sure. So with respect to the associated gas, obviously, don't expect much impact there. We've had a lot of discussions with our producers in some of the dry gas basins, the breakeven there are pretty low, is what I would say. There's always the potential that it could go lower, but we think, again, as you said, as the LNG demand comes on in 2024 and 2025 that those prices improve. As we've talked to our producers in the Haynesville and the Eagle Ford, we've seen some pullback from the small and medium-sized, list of the larger producers are continuing to produce and as we look at our outlook on our gathering volumes for the year, we're within 2% of our budget, the 2% off of our budget. And part of the reason that we're off of our budget has nothing to do with prices that really has to do with the delay in a project. So that's kind of what we're seeing.
Spiro Dounis: Got it. Appreciate all the color. That's all I had. Thanks guys.
Operator: And the next question is from Sunil Sibal with Seaport Global Securities. Your line is open.
Sunil Sibal: Yes. Hi. Good afternoon everybody. So I just wanted to flush the natural gas long-haul pipeline capacity in Permian a little bit. It seems like when you look at the volatility in Waha prices, it seems to have gone up over the last few months despite the fact that EPNG outage has been restored. So just clear if you could talk a little bit about the nature of your conversations with the customers with regard to building new capacity there? What are the major kind of sticking points before a big project could go ahead?
Steve Kean: So yes, I mean, look, when we're taking -- we look at the Waha, there's clearly -- as you look out long-term with all the LNG demand coming on, there is going to be basis differential that needs to be solved for really what's going to take -- what this is going to take is commercialization. And as you know, we've been talking with customers about a third pipe out of the basin, where that gets pointed ultimately depends on the market need and which LNG facility gets FID next. But we have been having discussions on both sides with the supply side and the market side, trying to bridge the gap. And I think really, ultimately, it comes down to timing from the market side as well as commercializing an appropriate rate of return from our perspective.
Sunil Sibal: Got it. Thanks for that.
Operator: And at this time, I'm showing no further questions.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Well, thank you very much for joining us today, and have a good evening.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-18 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the quarterly earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Today’s call is being recorded. If you have objections, please disconnect at this time. I’ll now turn the call over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. Sir, you may begin.
Rich Kinder: Thank you, Ted. And as usual, before we begin, I’d like to remind you that KMI’s earnings release today and this call include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosures on forward-looking statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release as well as review our latest filings with the SEC for important material assumptions, expectations and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking statements. As we begin 2023, it seems to be an appropriate time to look both backward and forward. Through the rearview mirror of today’s earnings release, we see that 2022 was a very good year for Kinder Morgan. We again produced strong cash flow well in excess of our budget and used that cash flow to pay our investors a healthy and growing dividend, fund our expansion CapEx, maintain a strong balance sheet and buy back shares on an opportunistic basis. In short, we are continuing to follow the financial philosophy that we have stressed for years. Looking forward, we released in December, our preliminary budget for 2023 and shows another year of living within our means, even in the light of increased interest costs and an expanded set of expansion CapEx opportunities which should drive nice growth in 2024 and beyond. We also announced today our plan for management succession. Our CEO, Steve Kean, will transition out of his role effective on August 1st of this year. Let me just say that Steve has been a superb CEO for the last eight years, and we thank him for the dedication, the hard work, confidence and honesty he’s brought to this job. On a personal note, he’s been a real pleasure to work with during all his years at the Company. While we will be sorry to lose him as CEO, we are delighted that we have him in his present role until August and that thereafter, he will continue to be a director, and I know he will contribute in that role to the future success of the Company. The Board and I have great faith in Kim Dang, who will transition from her present role as President into the CEO slot, and then Tom Martin, who will succeed her as President. Both have been with Kinder Morgan for approximately 20 years, have made extraordinary contributions to our results and culture, and we expect great things from them in the future. To sum it up, we expect a smooth transition later this year. Steve?
Steve Kean: Thank you, Rich. I’ll give you a brief look back at what we did in 2022 and how well we have set ourselves up for the future. Kim and David will cover the substance and the details of our performance, and then we’ll take your questions. Next week, we have our comprehensive annual investor conference. So, as usually is the case on this call, we’ll defer to next week the more detailed questions on the 2023 budget and the outlook and business unit performance. As Rich said, we had a very strong year in 2022 and wrapped it up with a great fourth quarter. Late in the fourth quarter, for example, we saw some volatility in the gas market, and that creates opportunity for large transmission and storage operators like us and for our customers who procure transportation and storage services from us. We performed well operationally for our customers financially for our company. Thanks, as always, to the tireless preparation and execution of our commercial, logistics and operations teams. We saw that come through, especially during the holiday weekend, when our teams work seamlessly across organizational lines to prepare, respond and recover and deal with the upsets along the way. That requires a committed workforce and a strong culture, and we’ve got that at Kinder Morgan. Our work in 2022 also set us up well for the future. We added to the strength of our balance sheet, finishing the year at 4.1 times debt to EBITDA better than our 4.3x budget for the year and well inside our long-term target of approximately 4.5 times. We originated new business, which has grown our backlog to $3.3 billion made up of high probability projects at an extremely attractive EBITDA multiple of about 3.4 times. These investments are weighted toward our lower carbon future in natural gas, renewable liquid feedstocks and fuels in our products and terminals businesses, and investments in our Energy Transition Ventures business. And these lower carbon investments are all expected to yield very attractive returns well above our cost of capital. That’s how we told our investors we would approach these opportunities, and that’s exactly what we are doing. There are no loss leaders here. We also returned value to shareholders in the form of a well-covered modestly growing dividend and additional share repurchases. For 2022 alone, we’ve returned nearly $2.9 billion to shareholders in declared dividends and share repurchases. On the share repurchases, we have used a little under $1 billion of the Board authorized amount, and the Board has now upsized the total authorization from $2 billion to $3 billion. As always, those will be opportunistic repurchases when we use that capacity. Also, as we talked about throughout the year, we’re starting to see nice uplift on our base business, on renewals in our natural gas business and built-in escalators in some of our products and terminals, tariffs and contracts. We are putting behind us the contract roll-off headwinds in our gas group. Bottom line for investors, what we do today will be needed for decades to come. And as we are demonstrating in our products and terminals businesses, the assets we have today can accommodate the energy forms of the future. We are making the gradual pivot that the gradual energy evolution dictates, and we’re doing it at attractive returns for our investors. With the cash our businesses generate, we’re maintaining that strong balance sheet, we are investing in projects with good returns, which adds to the value of the Company, and we are returning the excess to our shareholders in the form of dividends and opportunistic share repurchases. We all appreciate Rich’s comments at the beginning, and I’m grateful to Rich and the Board for their support and confidence in us. I’m grateful to my 10,000 colleagues here who have been proud to come to work with every day. And I’m grateful to you on the call who I have interacted with over the years, I learned from you and benefited from your questions and perhaps your occasional criticisms and your ideas. Thank you. As you’ll hear more about next week, we have our balance sheet in strong shape. We have a bright future with rich opportunities before us. And most importantly, we have a great experienced leadership team around this table who are always ready to step up and all of our investors benefit from that. We look forward to seeing you in person at the conference next week. Kim?
Kim Dang: Thanks, Steve. Okay. I’m going to start with our Natural Gas business unit. Transport volumes on our Natural Gas Pipelines increased by about 4% for the quarter versus the fourth quarter of ‘21. We saw increased volumes from power demand and LDCs as a result of weather and coal retirements, and that was somewhat offset by reduced LNG volumes due to the Freeport outage and exports to Mexico as a result of third-party pipeline capacity added to the market. Physical deliveries to LNG facilities off of our pipes averaged approximately 5.4 million dekatherms per day. That’s down about 450,000 dekatherms per day versus Q4 of ‘21, and that’s due to the Freeport outage and somewhat offset by increased deliveries to Sabine Pass. If we adjusted for the Freeport outage, LNG volumes would have increased approximately 5%. Deliveries to power plants and LDCs were robust in the quarter, up approximately 7% and 13%, respectively, driven by the weather. Our natural gas gathering volumes were up 6% in the quarter, driven by Haynesville volumes, which were up 44%. Sequentially, volumes were flat. In our Products segment, refined products volumes were down a little under 1% for the quarter, slightly outperforming the EIA, which was down 2%. Road fuels were down 3%, but we saw a 10% increase in jet fuel demand. Crude and condensate volumes were down 6% in the quarter due to lower Bakken volumes. Sequential volumes were down about 3%, and that was driven by lower HH volumes. That’s a pipe coming out of the Bakken due to unattractive locational pricing differentials. In our Terminals business segment, our liquids utilization percentage, think about that as a percentage of our tank capacity contracted, remained high at 93%. Excluding tanks out of service for required inspection, utilization is approximately 96%. Rates on liquids tanks renewals in Houston and New York Harbor were slightly lower in the quarter. Our tankers business was up nicely in the quarter as we benefited from both, higher rates and higher utilization. On the bulk side, overall volumes were down 2%. We saw increases in pet coke and coal volumes, but that was more than offset by lower steel volume. In our CO2 segment, prices were up across the board. On the volume side, oil production was flat, but it’s up 8% versus our budget. CO2 volumes were up 12%. NGL volumes, which are much less impactful to results were down 4%. Overall, both Steve and Rich have said, we had a fantastic quarter and year. For the quarter, DCF per share was up 13% and for the full year, it was up 14% when you exclude the impact of Winter Storm Uri. We exceeded our full year planned DCF and EBITDA by 5% and DCF per share by 6% coming in at or slightly above the numbers we have given you in the interim quarters. This is an amazing year for a stable fee-based cash flow company like Kinder Morgan. For sure, we benefited from higher commodity prices but our underlying business of specialty natural gas performed incredibly and the fundamentals look strong for the future, which we will cover with you next week at the investor conference. With that, I’ll turn it over to David.
David Michels: All right. Thanks, Kim. So for the fourth quarter of 2022, we’re declaring a dividend of $0.2775 per share, which is $1.11 per share annualized and up 3% from our ‘21 dividend. I’ll start with a few highlights on leverage, liquidity, growth and shareholder value. There’s some repetition here with earlier comments, but it’s worth it. On leverage, we ended 2022 with the lowest year-end net debt level since our 2014 consolidation transaction, and we have plenty of cushion under our leverage target of around 4.5 times. For liquidity, we ended 2022 with $745 million of cash on our balance sheet in addition to our undrawn $4 billion worth of revolver capacity. Growth for full year 2022 versus ‘21 excluding the impacts from Winter Storm Uri, as Kim mentioned, we grew nicely. On a net income basis, we were up almost 3 times 2021. That’s partially due to an impairment taken in 2021. And on EBITDA, we’re up 10%, and on DCF per share we’re up 14% year-over-year, very nice growth. For shareholder value for full year 2022, we repurchased 21.7 million shares at an average price of $16.94 per share and our Board just authorized us to do more of that, should the opportunity present itself. We’re seeing healthy growth across our business. Our balance sheet and liquidity are strong as they ever have been, and we’re creating shareholder value across the Company in multiple ways. So moving on to our quarterly performance. In the fourth quarter, we generated revenue of $4.6 billion, up $154 million from the fourth quarter of 2021. Our net income was up -- was $670 million, up 5% from the fourth quarter of last year. And our adjusted earnings, which excludes certain items, was up 16% compared to the fourth quarter of ‘21. Our distributable cash flow performance was also very strong. Our Natural Gas segment was up 11% or $138 million, with growth coming from multiple assets, higher contributions from our Texas Intrastate systems, MEP and EPNG, increased volumes on our KinderHawk system and favorable pricing on our Altamont system. Those were partially offset by lower contributions from our South Texas gathering assets. The Products segment was down $29 million, driven by higher operating expenses as well as lower contributions from our crude and condensate business, and those were partially offset by increased rates across multiple assets as well as strong volumes on our splitter system. The Terminal segment was flat to the fourth quarter of ‘21 with slightly lower New York Harbor and Houston Ship Channel liquids refined product renewal rates, unfavorable impacts from the 2022 winter weather and unfavorable property taxes, offset by greater contributions from our Jones Act tanker business, nonrecurring impacts from Hurricane Ida in 2021 and contributions from expansion projects placed in service as well as other rate escalations that the segment experienced. Our CO2 segment was up $36 million from the fourth quarter of ‘21, driven mostly by favorable commodity prices. Our EBITDA was $1.957 billion, up 8% from last year, and DCF was $1.217 billion, up 11% from last year. Our DCF per share of $0.54 was up 13% from last year. Moving on to the balance sheet. We ended the fourth quarter with $30.9 billion of net debt and a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 4.1 times. That’s up from 3.9 times from year-end ‘21, but that’s due to the nonrecurring EBITDA contribution from Winter Storm Uri we experienced in 2021. Excluding that Winter Storm Uri, EBITDA contribution that year-end 2021 ratio was 4.6 times. So we ended the quarter and the year nicely favorable to the metric excluding Uri contribution. We’re also nicely below our long-term leverage target of around 4.5 times. Our net debt change for the full year of $278 million was driven by a number of things. So, here’s a high-level reconciliation of that. Our DCF generated $4.97 billion. We paid out $2.46 billion in dividends. We spent $1.1 billion on growth capital and JV contributions. We repurchased stock in the amount of $368 million. We made two renewable natural gas acquisitions for around $500 million. And we received $560 million approximately from the sale of a partial interest in our Elba Liquefaction company. Finally, we had a working capital use of around $825 million from several items, and that gets you close to the $278 million reduction in net debt year-to-date.
Kim Dang: Okay. Before we start with questions, I am very excited about the opportunity ahead. A large part of my job is going to be about continuity. This is a great company and great business with a great future. As Steve said, our traditional business will be around for a long time to come. Energy is a $5 trillion global industry that is ingrained in every aspect of our lives. We will continue to invest wisely as we position the Company to turn slowly over time with the transition in a profitable manner. I’m also excited to work more directly with Tom. We work well together and have complementary skills, which will help the Company into the future. We have an experienced cohesive senior management team with Dax and John and Anthony and Sital and David and Kevin and others sitting around this table, and we expect to make this a seamless transition.
Steve Kean: All right. Okay. Ted, let’s open it up for questions. And as usual, we have a good chunk of our senior management team around the table. We’ll make sure that you get a chance to hear from them as you have questions about their businesses specifically. So Ted, if you would open it up to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question in the queue is from Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to say congratulations to everyone, and Steve, best of luck going forward. And maybe just starting off, I guess, with capital allocation, wondering if you could touch on any updated thoughts there. It seems like the dividend uptick might have been a little bit less than expected. And then, at the same time, the share authorization levels were increased when it wasn’t fully utilized before. So just wondering, is it signaling any kind of shift in capital allocation or any other thoughts there on return on capital?
Steve Kean: Yes. I’ll start. I mean, it doesn’t imply any shift or change in approach at all. We look to maintain the strong balance sheet as all four of us have said, and we look to fund projects at attractive returns. And as mentioned, we have some very good ones, $3.3 billion at a 3.4x EBITDA multiple. Those add to the value of the firm. Those are attractive returns to us. But then, we have -- we’ve produced cash beyond that. And that cash takes the -- gets returned to shareholders in the form of a modestly growing and well-covered dividend and share repurchases. The capacity -- the reason for upsizing the capacity is not a change in terms of how we’re thinking about it. Opportunistic, as we’ve all said, and we’ve been saying for a long time. But we’ve used about $900 million since the original authorization, a little over $900 million. And so, we’ll be ready to take advantage of opportunities we upsize -- the Board upsize the authorization. And so, we’re in a position to take advantage of opportunities as they arise. But overall, bottom line, we haven’t changed our capital allocation philosophy. It’s worked. It’s been the same for quite a while. And it adds value for our shareholders.
Kim Dang: Yes. And on the dividend, what I would say is that it’s important -- we believe it’s important to increase the dividend when the Company is growing. And -- but we do -- we are one of the top 10 dividend yields in the S&P 500. And so, we already have an attractive yield on the stock. And so, it’s a small increase so that we continue to increase in terms of being a good dividend paying stock, but also recognizing where the yield on the stock is.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Makes sense. That’s helpful there. And then just wanted to shift to the weather impact during the quarter, if maybe you could unpack that a little bit more as far as pros and cons. Were there any marketing uplift during the quarter? Just trying to see, I guess, what was the impact from the storm in the quarter.
Steve Kean: Yes. It’s -- so look, we had uplift primarily in our Natural Gas assets. And that’s attributable to what I said at the beginning, which is that when you have storage and transport capacity, particularly in this case, storage where -- Kim, I think the peak was 160 Bcf and we had some supply degradation. This is a nationwide look down to a little over 80 Bcf. The difference had to be made up with storage and people who had those assets and have the capability were able to do well in those. The net, though, we did have some operational upsets and repairs we had to make, et cetera. And so, we netted those out. And it’s not -- the storm itself is not a huge incremental contributor. It’s on the order of $20 million or so when you net everything. But I think just overall, experiencing the winter weather and the volatility that occurred in pricing both before and after that winter event, if you have storage and transport, you’re able to take advantage of that, and we did.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That’s helpful. And congrats, everyone, again.
Operator: Next question in the queue is from [John McArthur] (ph) with Goldman Sachs.
Unidentified Analyst: I wanted to talk maybe just a little more on some of the regional gas movements on the gathering side. Can you just touch again on, I think Kim, you mentioned Haynesville volumes were flat quarter-over-quarter. Just wondering if you could comment on if that’s producer-driven or takeaway issues? And then, anything else you can share maybe on what you’re seeing across the Rockies in terms of production. Thanks.
Tom Martin: So yes, the KinderHawk volumes were basically flat from quarter-to-quarter, but we do expect a nice uplift as we move into 2023, and that is -- it is largely capacity constraints, both on our gathering system, we’re spending some capital in 2023 to create some additional capability there and then also a downstream capacity comes online as well. So, we see some really nice opportunities to continue to grow on KinderHawk and in the Haynesville play overall. And that’s not limited to just our gathering and processing opportunities, but we also see some nice interstate rate increase and utilization opportunities as we go forward. So yes, a nice story. Haynesville is a nice good story for us. And then, as far as the Rockies, I mean, yes, there’s -- we’re not seeing a whole lot of growth there. There’s a few a few pockets of green shoots in the DJ. But overall, we’re not seeing a great deal of growth there, although on our Altamont gathering system, we certainly, the Uinta, we’re seeing some nice growth there and expect that to grow as we go into 2023 as well.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks for that. Maybe just shifting gears to the Red Cedar announcement. Curious on how much else could be out there in terms of shifting away from, I guess, what we call natural CO2 sources to kind of recovered CO2. I mean, how much of the mix of your overall CO2 kind of EOR business, either your own or selling to third parties could be the recoveries end up making up over time?
Steve Kean: Anthony?
Anthony Ashley: Yes. So, the Red Cedar deal that we’re talking about that’s up to 20 a day, put it into context, we’re currently moving over 900 a day down our Cortez pipeline to West Texas. And so, there’s a ways to go before effectively that those natural resources get replaced. Really, when you’re talking about opportunities around kind of the Permian and the infrastructure there, that’s largely gas processing assets, which are going to be lower. And so with regards to, I guess, replacement of our existing source capacity be a very long time before that would be replaced.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. We’ll save [the big] (ph) ones for next week. Thanks for the time. And congrats, everyone, on the new roles.
Operator: Next question is from Jean Ann Salisbury with Bernstein.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hi. Can you remind us where Kinder Morgan is on rate case settlements? Which ones have been settled and are incorporated into 2023 guidance? And which pipes, if any, could still see rate case this year or next?
Tom Martin: Really, we’re past the big ones for now. I mean, we’ve got the NGPL, EPNG, those are the big ones and all the Rockies pipes and I’m saying this over the context of the last year. Those are the big ones that have been addressed. And so, we’re pretty clear now for 2023. And that’s all been baked into our budget for 2023.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay. Thank you. And then what’s the latest on El Paso restart? I think you had a release that noted some positive progress last week.
Steve Kean: Yes. And so, our information on this is going to be consistent with and stick closely with what we post on the EPNG electronic bulletin board. And so, we did post an update there. And what it says is that we anticipate completing the physical work on Line 2000 before the end of January. And then we will submit a request to PHMSA on behalf of EPNG to lift the pressure restriction and return to normal commercial service. So as PHMSA will need time to review the information that we provide, but our work we expect to be completed by month end.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Great. That’s all for me, and congrats to you, Kim, and thank you, Steve, for all the time and thoughtful answers over the years. Best of luck.
Operator: Next question is from Spiro Dounis with Citi.
Spiro Dounis: Congrats all around. And Steve, I can’t believe you’re willing to walk away from the dollar a year salary...
Steve Kean: It was a hard choice.
Spiro Dounis: Congrats. Two-part question, and my first one here is just along the Permian pipeline. First part, just between GCX and Permian Pass. Curious if one of those is kind of in the front of the queue and if maybe it would make more sense to kind of bring Permian Pass back up to the front. And second quarter, I believe last quarter -- or sorry, last quarter, you mentioned the possibility of maybe phasing the Permian Highway expansion in over time. I think you needed to do more engineering work to figure out if that was feasible. Just curious if there’s an update you can share on that.
Tom Martin: Yes. So I think you mean Permian Pass, right, not Permian Highway? So, the Permian Highway expansion is under construction and expect that expansion to go into service in November. We’re really working on two other opportunities, as you’ve noted. One is GCX expansion. That hasn’t been very active, although with lower gas prices now, there may be some opportunities there. As you recall, fuel cost was a bit of a headwind for us on that expansion project. So again, as gas prices are lower, that may bring that one more into an actionable opportunity. But as far as Permian Pass, really, I think what we are hearing from our customers is that the next need for incremental capacity out of the basin is sometime in late 2026, maybe early ‘27. And so, as we work with our producer customers and also align them with their desired customer, which I think largely are going to be LNG related along the Gulf Coast, it helps -- we need to figure out exactly where and when those volumes need to be there. So I think that’s still out there. The overall market still needs that capacity. But nothing really new to announce as far as anything that we’re going to accelerate at this time.
Steve Kean: I think the PHP, there was some discussion last time about when we put our compression in, once we get pretty close to the end, is there any channel. A little bit of capacity that’s available before the November in-service date. And so, I assume that it’s late in the going.
Tom Martin: Still exploring that. And I think that is a potential opportunity as we move through 2023.
Spiro Dounis: Got it. Perfect. Thanks for the color on that. Second question, maybe for David. Just maybe an update on how you’re thinking about maturities and the overall interest rate exposure for 2023 and beyond. Just kind of curious what options are available to you to perhaps maybe exceed the DCF budget by outperforming on interest expense?
David Michels: We’ll continue to evaluate different alternatives. We’ll talk more about this next week, but we’ve locked in some of our floating rate exposure for 2023 in order to reduce some of the downside risk for the year. But with regard to the overall maturities, we do expect to access the debt capital markets during the year 2023 in order to refinance the large amount of maturities that are coming due this year. The $745 million of cash on the balance sheet coming into the year certainly helps with that. And we’ve got our $4 billion worth of revolver capacity. So, as I said last quarter, and this is still the case, we will await for favorable market conditions before we access the market, and we have the luxury of being patient.
Operator: Next question in the queue is from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo.
Michael Blum: Thank you. Congratulations, everyone. Steve, we will miss you, and I’m glad you came to our conference here. So, thank you for that. I wanted to ask back on the Red Cedar CCS project. Just wanted to see if you could talk about what type of return you expect to generate on a project like that, and just to confirm that this will be entirely fee-based from your perspective?
Dax Sanders: Yes. I mean the -- we’re not going to talk specifics on returns, but I would say they were very comparable with our traditional businesses. So, we’re doing the right things from a return standpoint. And I’m sorry...
Kim Dang: The commodity exposure.
Dax Sanders: Yes. And this is primarily on the ETV side of things, and maybe Tom wants to talk about the Red Cedar JV part of it. But ETV will have minimum volume commitments in place on that transaction.
Tom Martin: And on the Red Cedar, it’s G&P volumes. So there is a variable component to that, but their volumes have been growing and expect them to continue to grow, so.
Steve Kean: This is a good opportunity, for CCUS, it’s going to have to be part of the solution over the long term, and we have the capability to transport it put it in the ground and keep it in the ground. And so, there’s a good longer-term opportunity there, and this is a highlight that you can do these things and you can do them economically. And so, we’re happy about this transaction. It’s the first we hope of many -- but there are a number of things that have to be worked out. I think, the biggest is getting Title VI permitting for the sequestration through the EPA or having that authority delegated in Texas and Louisiana and other places, so that we can speed up the permitting process. Anthony and the team have found a way to use a different kind of permit in a different kind of well situation to enable us to do this. And there may be more of those to do as well. But this is a sign of things to come we hope and believe, but it is dependent upon an accelerated permitting process from the EPA.
Michael Blum: Got it. I appreciate all that. Second question, I just wanted to ask was on the lower gasoline and diesel volumes year-over-year. Can you just maybe just talk to what you’re seeing there? I know your overall volumes, I think, were a little better than overall industry averages. But just kind of what’s driving that? And do you think this is sort of a recurring pattern that we’re going to see throughout the year? Thanks.
Steve Kean: Yes. I’d say a couple of things. So first of all, we had one operational issue in December that. As Kim mentioned, we were down 0.7% compared to the prior year. We had one of our major lines in California, the one that serves San Diego down for 12 days. And if that hadn’t been down, we would be back up to close to flat sort of quarter-over-quarter. And so, looking at 2023 and where we stand right now, and we’ll get into the budget more next week, we’re budgeting an increase of about 3.4% in aggregate. For gasoline, we’re looking at something below that, but for jet fuel and diesel together, we’re looking at something above that, close to 6.5%. But if you look at, starting with kind of jet fuel recall, we’ve been slower to recover in jet fuels and EIA given our weighting towards international flights. EIA for the quarter was down about 14% to 2019, whereas -- I’m sorry, EIA was down 10% to 2019, whereas we were down 14%. So, we still got a better recovery on the jet fuel front to close with the rest of the country as we see international, particularly Asian flights come back, we think that will help us. And recall, we’ve got our renewable diesel projects coming on line on the West Coast at the end of the first quarter. And those have take-or-pay contracts for north of 30,000 barrels a day. So, we think that will help with the diesel picture, so. And looking at what we’re seeing right now midway through January, we seem to be, from a refined products perspective, on top of budget.
Operator: Next question is from Brian Reynolds with UBS.
Brian Reynolds: Good afternoon, everyone, and congrats to you, both Steve and Ken. Maybe to start off on the Kinder-based business, which performed pretty well in the quarter. And I just wanted to talk a little bit about future growth opportunities there. Over the past few years, we’ve just seen a lot of competitors come into the market looking to erode that Kinder market share on LNG supply from the Permian and Louisiana. I was just curious if you could talk broadly about how Kinder has a competitive advantage there and whether you guys see yourselves well positioned for new LNG supply projects going forward, or whether effectively, the competition has made returns not attractive at this point? Thanks.
Tom Martin: Yes. So I mean, I think as we said all along, the proximity of our network along Texas, Louisiana, including our storage capabilities there, I think gives us a great advantage, whether we’re directly building into new LNG export facilities or serving other lines that are doing those connections. Just when you have access to as many basins as we do and as -- and the mix of both, reservoir storage and salt stores that we have across our footprint, I think we’re still in a great position to participate in the LNG export story. We’ve talked about 50% as being our market share. That’s where we are today. We definitely believe our volumes are going to continue to grow, but it’s hard to call balls and strikes on whether we’re going to meet or exceed 50% going forward, but I feel really good about our position to participate in that whole growth story.
Steve Kean: Yes. You’ll see a little bit more of this, Brian. But, what you’re seeing when we have a backlog that’s $3.3 billion, and we’re executing it at 3.4x EBITDA multiples is that our network is well positioned, and we’re able to make relatively modest capital efficient investments in our grid to expand, to serve the supply and demand growth that we’re seeing across the network. And so, that’s -- in the past, we had big long-haul projects that might have been done at a slightly higher multiple, still attractive returns. But I think this shows you the fact that we have dozens of projects that we’re doing and a relatively modest capital expenditures each but with really nice returns that we are finding that our network is extremely well positioned for the growth along end.
Brian Reynolds: Great. I appreciate the color. And as my one follow-up, I just wanted to get a little bit of an update on just the RNG projects and the CapEx that are progressing through 2023. How are those projects progressing? And just as the RNG market starts to mature in the middle of the decade or end of the decade, curious if you continue to see new opportunities within that Kinetrex business and if you see continued CapEx for the next few years.
Anthony Ashley: Yes. So, we have three of our original RNG projects that came through the Kinetrex acquisition, that will be in service this year. Two of them really in the first half of this year. There is one on EPC contract. So that capital is fully baked into our 2023 budget. And then, with regards to future opportunities, we’ve -- obviously, we’ve made three acquisitions to date. I think we are looking to grow fairly organically at this point in time. I think, there are opportunities out there to grow, and we’ll be looking at those on an individual basis. The EPA did come out with a new proposal recently, which opens up a new demand market for us. And so, there may be some opportunities there to convert some of these assets into electric service as well. So, I think there’s lots of different opportunities that we’re looking at right now in that space. We’re excited about growth.
Operator: The next question is from Keith Stanley with Wolfe Research.
Keith Stanley: Congrats to Kim and Steve as well. I wanted to start, Steve, you said the backlog is at $3.3 billion now. So, that’s up another $600 million or $700 million since last quarter, which presumably, that’s why the growth CapEx of $2.1 billion for this year was higher than what you kind of pointed to initially. Can you talk to any of the specific projects you’ve added since last quarter because that is a decent amount?
Steve Kean: Yes. So, we have some -- most of it is going to be in gas and in RNG, on a percentage basis, I think I can give you that. 64% is in gas and in RNG related, a little bit more than that maybe. And so this is -- it’s a mix of power demand, LDC demand, LNG transport and G&P and well connects. And as I said, it’s a collection of a lot of smaller projects and mostly buildups of the existing network, which again makes them capital efficient. It reduces the execution risk on them. And it tends to give us -- we get as best return as we can that’s available for the market. We tend to end up with better returns on the capital we deploy when that’s the composition of the project. So, yes, $3.3 billion and again at 3.4x and kind of concentrated in our low carbon, including natural gas.
Kim Dang: Yes. And a number of the projects that got added to the backlog are in the other news, like part of the Evangeline Pass project, the TVA project, the terminals renewable diesel projects. So those are some of the projects that got added to the backlog in the quarter.
Keith Stanley: Got it. Thanks. Separate question. Just on the buybacks and how you’re thinking about it for this year. So, it’s a little bit more of a growth year in terms of spending in 2023. So your DCF is only a little bit above, I think, your CapEx and your dividends. So, when you think about buybacks and obviously, you’re opportunistic, but would you be willing to increase debt or issue debt more short-term borrowings in order to buy back stock if the opportunity was there since you’re well under your leverage target for this year?
David Michels: Yes, we would. We think about our capacity for buybacks or other opportunistic opportunities as being our balance sheet capacity as well as the excess cash that we generate in the current year. And so, we would be willing to increase our leverage a little bit. We’ll be real cautious around it, we’ll measure and make sure that we’re being -- we’re using that capacity in an appropriate manner, but that is the way that we think about our available capacity.
Operator: The next question is from Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities.
Neal Dingmann: You all hear it mostly, I’m just -- my question is around first on the renewable diesel specifically. Just what future opportunities you see there beyond the Carson terminal and the committed projects? And you touched around this as well, maybe the second question, just hit this now as well, just the same thing on opportunities you see around the CCS.
Steve Kean: Yes. So Dax, if you’ll comment on the R&D part of it, and John, if you’ll talk about the upstream, the feedstock part of it as well.
Dax Sanders: Yes. So just to comment, I mean, as we’ve said before, right now, every drop of renewable diesel in the United States wants to go to California. I think we expect that as additional state governments later on a third level of the tax credit similar to the one that California has in other states have them, Oregon, Washington, British Columbia that there will be more enthusiasm for projects there. We’ve got terminals there. We are having conversations with people. And so, I think that’s probably other areas in the West Coast or probably next places to potentially develop. And then certainly, with the two hubs that we’re developing in both Northern and Southern California, I think there are additional opportunities to potentially expand those. So, that’s the majority of it from the refined products perspective.
Steve Kean: Okay. And feedstocks.
John Schlosser: Sure. I mean we said last year when we announced the Neste deal that we felt that all boats would rise and there has created a number of opportunities to high-grade our assets, high-grade our customers at Harvey bring additional products in their raise rates, but it has also attracted other customers. And this is what we hope is the second of many projects we’ll be looking at, great opportunity to connect with a neighboring facility that’s involved in an expansion project, where we’ll be handling all the feedstocks into the facility under a long-term10-year take-or-pay. The other area to actually help us too is on our Jones Act vessels. We’ve seen a lot of movement as it relates to renewable diesel from the Gulf Coast to the West Coast and interest in that, which we think will further tighten an already tight Jones Act market.
Operator: And I’m showing no further questions at this time.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Thank you very much. Everybody, have a good evening. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-19 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today’s call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan.
Rich Kinder: Thank you, Ted. And before we begin, as we always do, I’d like to remind you that KMI’s earnings release today and this call include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosures on forward-looking statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures that are set forth at the end of our earnings release as well as review our latest filings with the SEC for important material assumptions, expectations and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking statements. An analyst recently described Kinder Morgan as a capital-efficient business model leveraged to natural gas infrastructure growth. I largely agree with that assessment, although it omits our significant steps in our energy transition efforts, including renewable natural gas, renewable diesel and potentially carbon capture and sequestration. I spent the last several quarters on this call, describing that capital-efficient business model. And today, I want to spend a bit of time discussing natural gas infrastructure and the value of our existing infrastructure in today’s environment. As we all know, it’s become increasingly difficult to build new greenfield pipeline projects, particularly in the Northeast and other areas outside the U.S. Gulf Coast. While this situation is, in my opinion, unfortunate and poor public policy, it does make existing infrastructure even more valuable. I don’t think that value is fully recognized by the equity markets. The difficulty in building new pipeline and ancillary facilities widens the moat to use long bucket sprays around existing assets at a company like KMI. That’s an obvious source of additional value. But beyond that, having such an extensive network already in place affords great opportunity for a company like ours to extend and expand our assets on an incremental basis without the Herculean task of permitting and building a new greenfield project. Those step-out projects can provide great service to our customers and yield a very good return for our shareholders. We are fortunate at KMI that a large portion of our network is in Texas and Louisiana, states that understand and appreciate the need for new energy infrastructure and where so much of the demand for additional throughput, particularly natural gas, is located. Let me be more specific. The demand for natural gas in those states is projected to grow enormously over the rest of this decade. That growth is driven by a number of end users, but let me just focus on LNG export facilities. Year-to-date, in 2022, LNG is consuming over 11 Bcf a day and that number incorporates the absence of roughly 2 Bcf a day of demand from the Freeport facility, which has been shutdown since June. According to the S&P Global LNG forecast, that number is predicted to grow to 22 Bcf a day by 2027 as new facilities come online. That’s virtually doubling the current demand, which has already grown by 400% in the last 5 years. We project that after ‘27, LNG demand will continue to grow and expected to be 28 Bcf a day by 2030. Given the situation in Europe today, which will result in more long-term contracts and the continuing usage in Asia, this hyper growth scenario actually seems pretty reasonable to me. That’s a huge increase and most of it will occur in Texas and Louisiana, where so much of our asset base is located. That is what we, in the pipeline business call demand pool, which in many respects is more valuable than supply push. As you know, we currently move about 50% of all the gas consumed by LNG facilities and we expect to maintain or expand that share in the future. To serve our customers, both producers and end users, we are continuously expanding our system on an incremental basis to accommodate the growth we expect. Just a couple of examples of that effort include the expansion of our PHP system that connects the Permian basin, the Gulf Coast and the building of the Evangeline Pass system to serve the venture capital LNG facility in Plaquemine, Paris, Louisiana and we expect to announce additional projects in the coming months. When you add the increasing need for natural gas for industrial uses, electric generation and exports to Mexico to that massive LNG demand, the result is an enormous opportunity to grow our system in a capital-efficient manner, which in turn will grow the value of our company. Steve?
Steve Kean: Yes. Thanks, Rich. We are having a good year. We are projecting to be nicely above plan for the year and substantially better year-over-year Q3 to Q3, as Kim and David will show you. Some of the outperformance is commodity price tailwinds, but we are also up on commercial and operational performance. Just a couple of highlights. Our capacity sales and renewals in our gas business are strong. Gathering and processing is also up versus plan and up year-over-year. Existing capacity is growing in value on our natural gas network. And we are seeing it across our network on our major interstate systems and on our Texas intrastate system and we are seeing it in both storage and transportation service offerings and we are even seeing it on a previously challenged system, the Midcontinent Express Pipeline. In CO2, SACROC production is well above plan. And of course, we are benefiting from higher commodity prices in this segment, though prices are not as elevated as they were when we talked after Q2. We are facing cost headwinds, mostly because of added work this year. But while costs are up, we are actually doing very well in holding back the impacts of inflation. It’s hard to measure precisely, but based on our analysis of what we can reliably track, we are well below the headline PPI numbers that you are seeing. Actually, we appear to be experiencing about half of that increase. Much good work by our procurement and operations teams and much of this good performance is attributable to our culture. We are frugal with our investors’ money. Looking ahead, we are seeing good opportunities across our network and in gas, in particular, Rich emphasized LNG and that is clearly the biggest long-term opportunity and our network is especially well positioned. I will give you an illustration of that. We currently have 5.7 Bcf a day under long-term contracts serving existing LNG facilities. The associated investment for that 5.7 Bcf was $1.3 billion. That is very capital-efficient expansion of our network. There are other opportunities as well. We have identified and talked to customers on our Texas Intrastate system about over a Bcf a day each of power plant, industrial and utility expansions. Of course, not all that’s going to happen, but it shows the level of economic activity in one of our biggest natural gas markets. We now have a backlog of $2.7 billion of projects, that’s up $600 million on a net basis since last quarter, meaning taking into account the projects that rolled into service over the quarter and almost 80% of that backlog is in low-carbon investments, natural gas, energy transition ventures and renewable diesel and renewable feedstocks projects in our products and terminals businesses. On Energy Transition Ventures, we expect with what we have already acquired and with the projects under construction or development right now to invest about $1.2 billion at an EBITDA multiple of a little over 5x when everything is up and running. I will add that while we have experienced some delay and modest cost increases in this business, the returns are very good and the EBITDA multiple is strong. We also closed on the sale of an interest in our Elba Liquefaction facility during the quarter. The implied enterprise value to EBITDA multiple of the sale was approximately 13x. And so to think about in terms of use of proceeds, that can pay us very favorably to our expansion project multiple of 5.5x in aggregate over the last 3 years as well as through our share price multiple. Again, we are having a very good year and we are setting our business up well for the future. Our balance sheet is strong. We are seeing good value, particularly in natural gas and renewables. We are finding and executing on projects with attractive returns and we are returning value to shareholders. And I will turn it over to Kim.
Kim Dang: Okay. Thanks, Steve. Starting with the Natural Gas business segment, transport volumes were roughly flat for the quarter versus the second quarter ‘21 and we saw increased volumes from power demand and that was offset by reduced volumes to Mexico as a result of third-party pipeline capacity added to the market, the pipeline outage on EPNG, the Freeport LNG outage, and continued decline in Rockies production. If you adjusted our volumes for the EPNG and Freeport outages, which are temporary in nature, we estimate volumes would have been up about 4%. Deliveries to LNG facilities off our pipe averaged about 5.2 million dekatherms per day. That’s about 1% higher than the third quarter of ‘21, but it’s lower than the second quarter of this year. Again, that’s due to the Freeport LNG outage. Deliveries to power plant were robust in the quarter. They were up about 11%, driven by record summer power demand, that’s 880 million dekatherms per day of incremental gas moving to power plants. It’s pretty incredible. Our natural gas gathering volumes were up about 13% in the quarter compared to the third quarter of ‘21 and that was driven by the Haynesville volumes, which were up about 70%. Sequentially, volumes are up 6% with big increases in the Bakken, up 14%; Haynesville, 8%; and Eagle Ford, up 7%. Overall, our natural gas gathering volumes were budgeted to increase about 10% for the full year and we are currently on track for about 13%. Overall demand for natural gas is very strong, as both Rich and Steve mentioned, driving the demand for our transport and storage services and we expect that demand to continue to grow. To add on to what Rich and Steve said, our fundamentals group estimates natural gas demand to grow from roughly 100 Bcf a day market currently to approaching 130 Bcf market by 2031. So the world needs a reliable supplier of natural gas and the United States is positioned to be that supplier. According to the EIA, we have 80 plus years of recoverable reserves. And from an environmental perspective, the U.S. is one of the lowest emission producers in the world. On the products segment, refined products volumes were down about 2% in the quarter versus the third quarter of ‘21, slightly outperforming EIA, which was down 3%. Gasoline and diesel were down 3% and 5%, respectively. But we did see an 11% increase in jet fuel demand. For October, we started the month a little bit stronger than the Q3 results. On crude and condensate, volumes were down about 5% in the quarter. Sequentially, they were down 2% with a reduction in the Eagle Ford more than offsetting an increase in the Bakken. On the Terminals business segment, our liquids lease percentage remains high at 91%. If you exclude tanks out of service for required inspection, so that lease percentage is roughly 95%. Liquids throughput, which does not drive current results, but it’s an indicator of our ability to renew contracts in the future was up about 7%, driven by gasoline, diesel and renewable volumes, which comprise over 85% of our liquids volume. We continue to experience some weakness in the New York Harbor and our tankers business was hurt in the quarter by lower average rates, but that business has continued to improve. We currently have all 16 vessels sailing under firm contracts with average remaining terms of over 5 years. For ‘23, we have approximately 90% of the vessel days under firm charter. And if you look at the shipper contractual options likely to be exercised, it’s 100% at average rates that are higher than 2022. We have also seen interest in chartering vessels several years out. On the bulk side, overall volumes were flat. Pet coke and steel were up nicely, but that was off – I mean, pet coke and coal were up nicely, but that was offset by lower steel, but from a margin perspective, the higher pet coke and coal substantially offset the lower steel. CO2 segment, metal production in the quarter was up 7% versus our budget. For the full year, we are expecting oil production to be about 4% above our budget, CO2 volumes to be about 8% of our budget and price to exceed our budget. These positives are partially offset by higher operating expenses and that’s due to a combination of higher activity level/production and inflation. For Q3 versus Q3 ‘21, crude production was down about 3%. CO2 sales volumes were down 11% and that was driven by the expiration of a carried interest in the project. NGL volumes were up 1% and prices were higher across the board. Overall, we had a very good quarter. DCF per share was up 7% versus our plan and up 8% year-to-date. We currently project that we will exceed our full year guidance on DCF per share and EBITDA by 4% to 5%. Timing on sustaining CapEx into the fourth quarter out of the second and third is the primary driver of the DCF difference between the year-to-date performance and the expected full year performance. As we progress through the year, we are seeing more high-return expansion opportunities. In the quarter, as Steve said, our backlog increased about $600 million. And as a result, going forward, we would expect to be in the middle of our $1 billion to $2 billion range or maybe to the higher end. And with that, I will turn it over to David Michels.
David Michels: Thank you, Tim. So for the third quarter of 2022, we are declaring a dividend of $0.2775 per share, which is $1.11 annualized and 3% up from our 2021 dividend. One highlight before I start on the financial performance. We continue to take advantage of our low stock price by repurchasing shares this past quarter. We added over $90 million of repurchases to what we reported last quarter. And so year-to-date, we have now repurchased approximately 21.7 million shares at an average price of $16.94 per share. We believe those share repurchases are going to generate an attractive return for our shareholders. Our savings from the current dividend alone without regard to the terminal value or dividend growth is 6.6%. For the financial performance for the quarter, we generated revenue of $5.2 billion, up $1.35 billion from the third quarter of 2021. The associated cost of sales also increased by $1.16 billion. So combining those two, our gross margin was $195 million higher. Our net income was $576 million, up 16% from $495 million in the third quarter of last year. Our adjusted earnings, which excludes certain items was up 14% compared to the third quarter of last year. On a distributable cash flow basis, our performance was also very strong. The Natural Gas segment was up $69 million with greater volumes on our KinderHawk system, Haynesville, higher recontracting rates on MEP, NGPL and SNG, greater contributions from our Texas Intrastate systems and favorable commodity prices impacting Altamont and Copano South Texas. Our Product segment was down $23 million, driven by a decline in commodity prices impacting our inventory values, lower crude volumes on our HH system as well as higher integrity costs partially offset by higher rate escalations year-over-year. Our Terminal segment was up $7 million with – as Kim mentioned, greater coal and pet coke volumes partially offset by lower contributions from our New York Harbor and Houston Ship Channel liquids terminals versus the third quarter of last year. Our CO2 segment was up $41 million, driven mostly by favorable commodity prices. So our EBITDA of $1.773 billion was up 7% from last year, and our DCF was $1.122 billion, our DCF per share was $0.49, both 11% above last year. For the full year, as Kim mentioned, we expect to be 4% to 5% above our budget. And for the quarter, DCF was ahead of budget by 6.5%. Some of that is due to a shift of sustaining capital into the fourth quarter. And as a reminder, at our Investor Day presentation in January, we said about 22% of our DCF would come in the third quarter of this year. If you apply that 22% to our budgeted DCF increased by 5%, which is what we guided you to last quarter, you would see that we exceeded that expectation this quarter. So, a helpful reminder that we provide useful information on quarterly shaping at our Investor Day. Moving on to the balance sheet. We ended the third quarter with $31.2 billion of net debt and a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 4.2x. That’s up from 3.9x at the year-end as the non-recurring EBITDA contribution from the Winter Storm Uri in February 2021, it was captured in that year-end ratio. The year-end ratio was 4.6x, excluding Uri EBITDA contribution. So we ended this quarter nicely favorable to the year-end metric excluding Uri. Our net debt decreased to $10 million or has decreased to $10 million year-to-date. So I’ll go through a high-level reconciliation of that. We’ve generated year-to-date DCF of $3.75 billion. We’ve paid dividends of $1.83 billion. We’ve contributed or repaid growth capital and contributed to joint ventures $700 million. We had $225 million of increased restricted deposits, which is mostly due to cash posted for margin related to our hedging activity. We’ve repurchased $331 million of stock through the third quarter end. We’ve had about $500 million of acquisitions, and that’s sort of the two renewable natural gas companies. We received approximately $560 million from the sale of our interest in Elba Liquefaction company and we’ve had about $750 million of working capital use, which is primarily interest expense payments and some other legal and rate settlements. And that gets you close to the reconciliation for year-to-date change in net debt. So that completes the financial overview, and I’ll turn it back to Steve.
Steve Kean: Alright. Ted, let’s go ahead and open up the channel for questions here and I’ll just remind everybody, limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. And then if you’ve got more, get back in the queue, and we will get to you and get your questions answered. And also, we have a good chunk of our management team sitting around the table here today, and I’ll make sure that you hear from them on questions about their businesses. Alright. Ted, with that, let’s take the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question in the queue is from Chase Mulvehill, Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Chase Mulvehill: Hey, good afternoon, everybody. I guess first thing I wanted to hit on is just kind of Permian residue gas egress. And you’ve got EPNG outage today. And I guess, maybe could you talk about the timing and how much incremental throughput you would see out of Line 2000 of basically EPNG system, which Line 2000 is back up and running.
Steve Kean: Okay. Tom Martin?
Tom Martin: Yes. So given the nature of that outage, we can’t say too much in detail. But just in general, we see somewhere between 500,000 and 700,000 a day of incremental volumes flowing west when that line is back in service.
Chase Mulvehill: Okay, perfect. And unrelated follow-up, I know it’s a little early to talk 2023. I know you’re not going to give us exact numbers or anything, but maybe just some puts and takes as you see the overall business as we kind of look out to 2023?
Steve Kean: Yes. It is too early. We’re just in the middle of our annual budget process. And so we will – as we always do, we will give you an update when we’ve got that information complete. But I mean, I think it’s the things that we’ve talked about here today. It’s – we’ve got some nice tailwinds. Who knows what commodity prices are going to look like next year. But we have some nice tailwinds in our Natural Gas business and a good backlog of projects and good project opportunities. And so those are the pluses. On the minuses, we don’t know what’s going to happen with interest rates, but we do have about $7.5 billion of floating rate debt, and we have some renewals on – or some refinancings on about $3.2 billion, which is actually our highest year next year. We don’t see another year above $2.1 billion after that. And so those are some of the big puts and takes.
Chase Mulvehill: Okay, perfect. I will turn it back over. Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Next question is from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good afternoon.
Steve Kean: Good afternoon.
Jeremy Tonet: Capital allocation is a big debate point in the market are focused, if you will, and just wondering if you could update us as how you see your capital allocation philosophy these days? On the one hand, there is a case to be made for repurchases, saw some in the quarter. But how do you weigh, I guess, maybe ramping up the pace of buybacks there relative to the other opportunities you have, especially with regards to RNG consolidation or other energy transition growth CapEx opportunities as you laid out there?
Steve Kean: Yes. We look at all of those things. And of course, we’re kind of a broken record on this, but the first in the order of operations, making sure we’ve got a strong balance sheet, we do. And our metrics are proving to be stronger than the long-term approximately 4.5x. And so we’re in good shape there. Having – as David said, at the beginning of the year in the investor contract – conference, having a little extra capacity is a good thing, including for equity investors because it positions you well against the – for the pluses and also against the minuses. Then from there, we want to invest in attractive returning high NPV projects well above our cost of capital that we’re confident we can execute on well. And so that goes to what you see has happened in our backlog and the opportunities that Kim alluded to. And then from there, it’s returning value to shareholders and that’s a combination of a growing, but well-covered dividend. So we’re up 3% of the dividend year-over-year, as David mentioned, and then opportunistic share repurchases, which we’ve done a significant amount of this year. And so that’s kind of the order of operations for how we think about capital allocation and all of it, keeping in mind bringing value to our investors.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thank you for that. Very helpful. And just want to circle up with Elba real quick. Just wondering, could Elba be expanded and might you look to monetize more of that or similar assets in the future?
Tom Martin: So yes, it can be expanded, and we are going through the evaluation process now, very early days looking at potentially a little over 5 million MTPA – 5 MTPA opportunity there, but again, very early days to know whether that will work, but we do have the space for it. And that would be synergistic with the existing tankage and dock usage there. And as far as selling incremental interest there, I mean, that would be on the existing cash flows, really, any expansion opportunity would be separate and apart from that.
Steve Kean: Yes. And to be clear, I mean we like our position in Elba, where we got a very, very nice – we made several very good deals at attractive multiples and actually have pulled in more proceeds than we’ve invested in the facility, and we still own 25% of it and the expansion opportunity that Tom is referring to is outside of the JV. And so if we are able to – and we’re not – it’s not in our backlog, we’re not projecting that for you today, but we are examining the opportunity to do an expansion, which would be to our account.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Marc Solecitto with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Marc Solecitto: Hi, good afternoon. So maybe just to start on the guidance language, you referenced trending 4% to 5% above budget for EBITDA. You obviously announced the Elba transaction, strip has come down a bit. But I wonder if you could talk about any other drivers around the subtle change in the language from last quarter?
David Michels: Yes. Since the last quarter, we’ve seen significant outperformance in the gas group. We’ve got lower sustaining CapEx. On the other hand, as you noted, commodity prices have decreased. We’ve seen lower volumes in the Bakken is – primarily because it took longer for them to recover from an April storm than we anticipated, lower refined products volumes and higher interest.
Marc Solecitto: Got it. That’s helpful. And then in the event of a potential product export ban, I wonder if you could just talk about how your assets would be positioned in that scenario, particularly thinking about storage, product pipes and the Jones Act tankers business?
Steve Kean: Yes. But we will start with terminals and ask products [indiscernible] too, John.
John Schlosser: From a terminaling standpoint, we think it will be neutral for us. And on the negative side, we will see a decrease at our export docks. And we handle about 50 vessels a month there at about 43,000. So it’s roughly $2 million each month we will see degradation on. But on the positive side, you’ll see an increase in Jones Act volumes. You’ll see an increase in volumes of the Colonial and Explorer pipelines, which were the largest origin point. And you’ll see a spike in my opinion, in the price of storage, both in there and in New York Harbor.
Steve Kean: And Dax from a products pipeline...
Dax Sanders: Yes, for us, it’s probably neutral to positive. I think the West Coast is probably reasonably neutral. But if you look at the Southeast and you’ve got products that back up in PADD 3 and you’ve got to clear that out of there. We certainly have capacity on product Southeast pipeline. And I would expect that the products would move on that, particularly if Colonial moves in or continues to stay in allocation. We clearly have storage position in the Southeast that I think to John’s point would benefit as well. And then probably a little bit less important, but on CFPL, I think that some of the imports that you’re seeing coming into Port Canaveral that get trucked into Central Florida would probably get backed off, and we could see some benefit on CFPL as well, so.
Steve Kean: And Marc, just to comment on probability here. I mean, I think that – and some of you have written about this, it won’t have the desired effect, right? It’s not going to improve things at the pump for U.S. consumers. This is a global and integrated market. And as a consequence, we think that as it’s thought through more, it becomes less and less likely to happen.
Marc Solecitto: Got it. That’s very helpful. Appreciate the time.
Operator: Next question is from Neal Ding with Truist Securities. Your line is now open.
Neal Ding: Good afternoon, guys. Could you talk – you mentioned on CCS, and I’m just wondering maybe in broad stroke, can you talk about the type of opportunities you may be seeing near-term or the magnitude of that? Obviously, I think you guys have a lot of things going on. I’m just wondering what you can talk about? Maybe any details.
Steve Kean: Yes, I will start and ask Anthony to – Anthony Ashley, who runs that group to weigh in. But I think, look, the – out of the IRA, the Inflation Reduction Act, there was an increase in the 45Q credit, which is a refundable credit and that increase in the credit has made more sources of CO2 economic for capture. So picking up things like ammonia plants, so we started with kind of processing plants and ethanol plants. Now it’s picking up things like ammonia plants, cement, some coal plants and some natural gas plants. And so we had active discussions going on that kind of pause while we were seeing how that worked out. And then those discussions started picking up. Anthony?
Anthony Ashley: Yes. As Steve mentioned, definitely seen increased activity since the IRA passed, I would say. Our focus areas have been around our existing footprints in West Texas that seem to be off of gas processing plants, which are a little bit smaller opportunities. I would say those are probably the most likely near-term opportunities that happen in the space. But we are having much larger conversations around the U.S., especially around the bigger emissions areas, but those will take a little bit longer to develop and to be able to discuss with you guys.
Neal Ding: Got it, guys. Great details. And then just one follow-up. I don’t know if you could say anything, just what do you say currently with – you mentioned the downtime of the volumes associated around Freeport, and I just didn’t know if there is any update you could say what’s going on there?
Steve Kean: We don’t have anything other than what you can find out in reading in public and from the company itself.
Neal Ding: Got it. Okay, thank you all. 
Operator: Next question is from Keith Stanley with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Keith Stanley: Hi, thank you. I wanted to start on RNG. Just curious if you have any takeaways from the BP, Archaea deal and I guess how you’re thinking about the competitive landscape over the long run? And relatedly, are you open to a larger platform deal like this? Or is it pretty clear you’re going to focus more on organic development there?
Steve Kean: BP is best to speak on the deal and the prices where they are getting synergies and other sources of value, but just on a bare kind of EBITDA multiple basis without taking into account those other things that they bring to the table. It’s a very attractive valuation and well above that $1.2 billion that identified earlier that based on our investments, our acquisitions and the things that we’re doing. I would say that the focus here is less on M&A at this point. We have a nice platform there, but we continue to have active discussions that are more organic growth.
Keith Stanley: Thank you. Second question just on interest rates. So the higher rates, if they are sustained over time, does that make you rethink the leverage target at all? Or is it more kind of what you alluded to on maybe keeping a little financial cushion. And then I guess related to that, just – I believe in the past, you’ve hedged some of your variable rate exposure heading into the current year. Have you done any of that to-date? I think you had done that for this year for a fair amount of it.
David Michels: So, heading into this year, we hedged about $7.5 billion of the $5.1 billion – of the $7 billion of the swaps. So, that is going to roll off in ‘23. So, we will have $7.5 billion of floating in ‘23 and we have not hedged any going into next year. And right now, we don’t think that’s a good opportunity to be able to hedge that. In terms of our policy on floating, the reason that we have the policy on floating is because we have looked over long periods of time, and it looks like that the forward curve over-predicts where floating rate debt is going to trade. And so we want to take advantage of that. And so that means that some years, we are not going to – we are going to pay more. In some years, we are going to pay less, and we are going to pay less for more dollars, right. So, it ends up being a net present value positive trade for us. And so I don’t think that’s not – our policy is not going to change because in 1 year, we have to pay higher interest rates.
Steve Kean: And as you know, Keith, it’s worked very well for us over the years. So, over the long term, the approach has been proven value creative.
Keith Stanley: Yes, it has. Just on the leverage target, too, like you are – there is no – I mean it seems like this is going to fluctuate and the leverage target you are still very comfortable with the 4.5 where things are today.
Steve Kean: Yes. Yes, we are. Now as we said and as David said at the beginning of the year, we are targeting to be better than that. And we do think that there is value in having that capacity to take advantage of share repurchases, potential for projects, potential for asset acquisitions, and that sort of thing. So, we have trended a little lower. We are lower right now, yes. Thank you.
Keith Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Jean Ann Salisbury with Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hi. Two more questions about Permian gas takeaway. So, late 2023 is the target start date for the Permian Highway expansion. Given that there might be demand for that earlier than that, I was wondering if that’s like the kind of project that could be brought on gradually, like you had a compressor that adds 100, for example, and you just sort of gradually do that earlier to late 2023?
Tom Martin: And we will just have to see how we get into the year if that’s possible to do. Certainly at – see the same need in the marketplace that you do and we will look to do that if we can, but nothing that we can really speak to with certainty today.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay. That’s helpful. Thanks. And then relatedly, I was just wondering if there is any update on the GCX expansion open season or if we should sort of consider that not – maybe not in this upcoming round?
Tom Martin: Yes, nothing really new to report there, continuing to market it. As we have talked about in the past, the fuel is sort of the issue in the marketplace at these higher gas prices, but as prices come down, there could be some opportunities there, but nothing really new to speak to right now.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay. Great. That’s all for me. Thanks.
Operator: Next question is from Brian Reynolds with UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Reynolds: Hi. Thanks for taking my question everyone. Maybe just a quick follow-up on the capital allocation question. There are significant debt maturities coming due in ‘23. So, I was just curious, as you think about the leverage target and just rising rates and the ability to perhaps refinance at lower rates in the future. Kind of curious if you can talk about how you are thinking about refinancing that debt and perhaps using some of the liquidity over the near-term and some of the free cash flow to refinance that over the near-term in the hope of better rates in the back of ‘23. Thanks.
David Michels: Yes. Brian, we will have a lot more information at the Investor Day. Having just – having completed our budget yet, we have just really just begun our budgeting process. And so we don’t have a lot of detail to provide to you. But I guess just generally speaking, interest rates are much higher now than they have been in the recent past and have been for many years. And so I think we are going to take a patient approach towards locking in rates at these levels. We have the $4 billion of revolver capacity right now that’s available to us. We are sitting on a healthy amount of cash. In addition, so we have flexibility, and we will be patient.
Brian Reynolds: Great. Appreciate that. And thanks for the color on the expected nat gas demand growth of both local and LNG exports in the prepared remarks. I was just curious if you could talk about Kinder’s positioning to support that 16 Bs of nat gas demand growth over the next 7 years. That type of growth implies a lot of CapEx spend along the nat gas value chain. And just given your previous remarks around trying to maintain that 50% market share for LNG, was kind of curious if you could talk about areas of opportunity for future growth around the Permian, Haynesville and Northeast to supply – Northeast to supply that 16 Bs of growth over the next, call it, 7 years? Thanks.
Steve Kean: Tom?
Tom Martin: Yes. So, I mean clearly, our – as discussed in the earlier remarks, our proximity to the Texas, Louisiana Gulf goes from many of our assets, whether it would be the Texas Intrastate, Tennessee Gas Pipeline, NGPL and others, Kinder Morgan Louisiana. We are in a really great position to expand and extend our network in support of LNG growth and also grow with the Haynesville and the Permian as those volumes grow as well. And I mean the Eagle Ford is another nice – lean Eagle Ford is a nice – another nice opportunity for us to support Texas, Louisiana markets as well. You mentioned the Marcellus/Utica, a lot – a great resource base, a lot harder to get incremental volumes to the Gulf Coast there. So, I think what the market will see is Haynesville growing really concurrently with, if not sooner, than the incremental Permian and the Eagle Ford largely supplying the next wave of projects across Texas, Louisiana, and we think we are in a great position to maintaining our 50% or even exceed that as we go forward.
Steve Kean: And look, I think I tried to illustrate the proximity of our network to these outlets, right, to the liquefaction facilities and the capital-efficient nature of the expansions we can do of that network by talking about the 5.7 Bcf that’s under a long-term contract. There is more than that, that’s flowing on our systems, really more like 7 Bcf, but that 5.7 Bcf that’s under contract. The capacity was created with about $1.3 billion of investment. And as we look ahead, look, there could absolutely be chunkier projects, right, bigger builds as you get to the 28 Bcf that Rich mentioned. There could be some bigger ones, but there is also a fair number of $150 million to $300 million projects, call it, roughly that are not ready for prime time. But as we look at people who have not yet FID-ed, but may and we look at where they are sitting on our network, we think we can reach them with expanded quantities with relatively capital-efficient investments.
Brian Reynolds: Good. That’s super helpful.
Operator: Next question is from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Lapides: Hi guys. Thank you for taking my question. I actually had two up. First of all, given the volatility in Southern California gas prices, is there any future opportunity to expand EPNG once the outage is done. That’s the first question. Second question is probably one for David. Working capital has been a negative cash drag this year, a little over $500 million. Should we assume that’s just kind of temporary and it reverses, or is this something left over from kind of the muddiness from the first quarter of 2021? Just curious the thoughts on the cash flow impact there.
Steve Kean: Tom, start with EPNG.
Tom Martin: Yes. So, EPNG, certainly, we continue to look at those opportunities. I think the challenge is getting the proper term on incremental projects that it would take to support capital out there. We have been looking at storage opportunities in Arizona continue to look at that. I think really, the volatility largely revolves around supporting power demand, which I think high deliverability storage is a better solution there. But we are looking at all of that. Again, I think it’s about can we get contracts for the right term to support that kind of capital.
Steve Kean: David?
David Michels: And on the working capital use, we had had a high amount of working capital use of our cash year-to-date. Some of that is going to turn around. The interest expense payments are generally heavier in the first and the third quarters, the second and fourth, you see that turn around a little bit. So, for the full year, I would expect that piece to turn around a bit. We have also – we had a legal settlement and a rate settlement this year, which were unique to 2022. So, I wouldn’t see those as recurring items. Finally, we had some cash margin, which I called out in my reconciliation earlier on the call. Margin calls on our hedging activity, and that’s driven by commodity price fluctuations. That’s – could turn around, but it depends on commodity prices.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you guys and thanks guys. Much appreciate it.
Operator: Next question is from Michael Cusimano with Pickering Energy Partners. Your line is now open.
Michael Cusimano: Hi. Good afternoon everyone. To quickly follow on to – I think it was Keith’s question earlier on RNG. Could you maybe speculate on the value attributed to KMI versus what the Archaea valuation was and how you feel about the options or – curious how you feel about the option you mentioned earlier about maybe like a separate public vehicle down the road?
Steve Kean: Yes. So, I mean look, as I try – I am not commenting on BP’s economics, okay. They have a lot that they bring to the table across their portfolio, their user of RINs. There is a whole bunch of things going on there. So, my comment earlier was about really just focusing on the EBITDA and what that multiple looks like in, call it, middle decade. And if you apply that multiple tars, it’s a couple of times at least what we have invested in this business or expect to invest when all those facilities are up and running. And so – and that’s probably appropriate, right. It’s a growing business and a growing opportunity. It’s why we are in it. And we think we will do well with it. Is there an opportunity to monetize at some point in the future when you reach critical mass, yes. But we also like the business. And so we would have to compare those alternatives when we get there.
Michael Cusimano: Got it. That’s helpful. And then on the product segment, can you give a little extra detail on the lower crude volumes maybe where it stands today, if those have fully recovered from the weather outage? And then also, if you can talk a little bit about how like lower refined product prices affected margins. Trying to think of like what’s structural and what’s variable to this quarter?
Dax Sanders: Yes. So, the biggest driver in crude for the quarter was on HH volumes. So, on HH, they were down roughly 26% year-over-year. And the biggest driver on that is some of the Canadian upgraders are down, which has had, I think PADD 2 refiners paying a pretty good premium for Bakken barrels, which has decreased the – decrease the basis differential to both Guernsey and Cushing, which has had an impact on that. And so hopefully, we will see that as the upgraders come back, that we will start to see a little bit of that basis come back and some additional barrels come on HH. Hiland Crude, to your point, has – or to Steve’s point, has come back from the winter storms in April. We are reasonably close to flat for the prior year, a little bit less than what we had hoped in our budget. We budgeted for 186 wells. Right now, we are forecasting about 154, but a good chunk of those are coming in, in the fourth quarter. And we are seeing some improvements on Hiland Crude in the fourth quarter, and we are looking at hopefully somewhere in the neighborhood of going from kind of, call it, flat to prior year to, call it, 7% above for Hiland Crude. So, we are hoping to – right now, we are seeing some improvements in the fourth quarter.
Michael Cusimano: Okay. Great. And then any comment on the refined product pricing maybe impacting margins and how to think about that going forward? I guess it’s mostly on like the transmix business.
David Michels: Are you asking about retail prices impacting demand on refined products, or you are asking about – what did you ask? We don’t understand.
Michael Cusimano: Specifically about any variability in your margin that you receive from maybe transmix volumes that fluctuate with refined product commodity prices?
Dax Sanders: Yes. Well, what I would say is we had – to David’s point, we had – we took a low comp adjustment for closing price as of September, the way that works. Clearly, we can’t – with a low comp adjustment, we can’t write it back up. But as we cycle inventory at higher prices, we can move it through and it works through margin. And right now, where prices are, they are higher than where we marked from a LOCOM perspective. So, I don’t have a specific number on that, but generally speaking, they are high, and you would expect as that inventory cycles through that, that would be a positive.
Michael Cusimano: Got it. Alright. That’s all for me. That was helpful. Appreciate it.
Operator: Next question is from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Thanks for squeezing me back in here real quick. Just want to see, after Matterhorn, what your thoughts are on cadence Permian gas production and the need for incremental infrastructure, what type – what year do you think that might materialize at that point?
Tom Martin: Is it again – Permian, incremental Permian takeaway?
Jeremy Tonet: Yes.
Tom Martin: So, it’s very fluid. I mean I think the fundamentals would say later in the decade, but I think some of our customers based on their destination desires may say sooner than that. So, I think sometime between ‘25, ‘26 at the earliest, but I think the fundamentals may say potentially even a little bit later.
Jeremy Tonet: So a range of like ‘25 to ‘28, is that what you are thinking about kind of bookending it, just to make sure I understand it correct?
Tom Martin: Yes. You got it.
Steve Kean: That’s for a big new long haul.
Tom Martin: Yes. I mean I think expansions can still be supported along the way but for a big Greenfield project. I think that’s kind of the timeline.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. And just last one real quick. Elba, great price tag there. Do you see other bids like that in the marketplace right now? Just wondering how you see the market interest rates moving up, I thought might depress some interest from private equity, but obviously, you have got quite a nice price tag there. So, just trying to get a feeling on the market and your desire to transact.
Steve Kean: Yes. Look, I think we had a unique interesting opportunity around Elba that we were able to capitalize on and we are happy with the price, not just from the price for the base assets, but also the ability to maintain the upside there. But I think interest rates historically have helped drive some of the valuations around infrastructure investors in assets. And so those are rising and probably eating a little bit into the returns that we continue to see interest across the midstream space for our assets from infrastructure investors, particularly as people think about the terminal value opportunities longer term for the space.
Jeremy Tonet: That’s very helpful. I will leave it there. Thank you.
Operator: And I am showing no further questions at this time.
End of Q&A:
Rich Kinder: Okay. Well, thank you very much. And for you baseball fans, it’s only a couple of hours to the American League Championship Series. For all of you people from New York. Good luck.
Operator: This concludes today’s call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-20 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the quarterly earnings conference call. Today’s call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. All participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion of today’s call. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan.
Rich Kinder: Thank you, Jordan. And as I always do, before we begin, I’d like to remind you that KMI’s earnings release today and this call include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosure on forward-looking statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release as well as review our latest filings with the SEC for important material assumptions, expectations and risk factors, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking statements. Let me start by saying that in these turbulent and volatile times, it seems to me that every public company owes its investors a clear explanation of its strategy and its financial philosophy. In these days, platitudes and unsubstantiated hockey stick growth projections don’t play well. To my way of thinking, despite the pronouncements of celebrities, fortune may not favor the brave so much as it favors the cash. The ability to produce sizable amounts of cash from operations should be viewed as a real positive in picky investments. But I believe that generating cash is only part of the story. The rest is dependent on how that cash is utilized. At Kinder Morgan, we consistently produce solid and growing cash flow, and we demonstrated that once again this quarter. At the Board and the management level, we spend a lot of time and effort deciding how to deploy that cash. As I’ve said ad nauseam, our goals are to maintain a strong investment-grade balance sheet, fund expansion and acquisition opportunities, pay a handsome and growing dividend and further reward our shareholders by repurchasing our shares on an opportunistic basis. As Steve and the team will explain in detail, we used our funds for all of those purposes in the second quarter. To further clarify our way of thinking, we approved new capital projects only when we are assured that these projects will yield a return well in excess of our weighted cost of capital. Obviously, in the case of new pipeline projects, most of the return is normally based on long-term throughput contracts, which we are able to negotiate prior to the start of construction. But we also look at the long-term horizon, and we’re pretty conservative in assumptions on renewal contracts after expiration of the base term and on the terminal value of the investment. That said, we are finding good opportunities to grow our pipeline network as demonstrated by our recent announcement of the expansion of our Permian Highway Pipeline, which will enable additional natural gas to be transported out of the Permian Basin. So, if we’re generating lots of cash and using it in productive ways, why isn’t that reflected at a higher price per KMI stock? Or to use that old phrase, "If you’re so smart, why ain’t you rich?" In my judgment, market pricing has disconnected from the fundamentals of the midstream energy business, resulting in a KMI yield -- dividend yield, approaching 7%, which seems ludicrous for a company with the stable assets of Kinder Morgan and the robust coverage of our dividend. I don’t have an answer for this disconnect. And it’s easy to blame factors over which we have no control, like the mistaken belief that energy companies have no future or the volatility of crude prices, which, in fact, have a relatively small impact on our financial performance. Specific to KMI, some of you may prefer that we adopt a "swing for the fences" philosophy, rather than our balanced approach, while others may think we should be even more conservative than we are. To paraphrase Abe Lincoln, I know we can’t please all of you all the time, but I can assure you that this Board and management team are firmly committed to return value to our shareholders and that we will be as transparent as possible in explaining our story to you and all of our constituents. Steve?
Steve Kean: We’re having a good year. We’re projecting to be nicely above plan for the year and substantially better year-over-year Q2-to-Q2, as Kim and David will tell you. Some of the outperformance is commodity price tailwinds, but we’re also up on commercial and operational performance. And here are some highlights. Our capacity sales and renewals in our gas business are strong. Gathering and processing is also strong, up versus planned and up year-over-year. Existing capacity is growing in value. I’ll give you an example. After years of talking about the impact of contract roll-offs, we’re now seeing value growth in many places across our network. One recent example on our Mid-Continent Express Pipeline, we recently completed an open season where we awarded a substantial chunk of capacity at maximum rates. Those rates are above our original project rate. While not super material to our overall results, I think it’s a stark and good illustration of the broader trend of rate and term improvements on many of our renewals in the Natural Gas business unit. Second, at CO2, SACROC production is well above plan. And of course, we are benefiting from higher commodity prices in this segment. The product segment is ahead of plan and terminals is right on plan. We’re facing some cost headwinds, mostly because of added work this year. While costs are up, we’re actually doing very well in holding back the impacts of inflation. It’s hard to measure precisely, but based on our analysis, we are well below the headline PPI numbers that you’re seeing. And actually, we appear to be experiencing less than half of those increases. That’s due to much good work by our procurement and operations teams, and much of this good performance is attributable to our culture. We are frugal with our investors’ money. A few comments on capital allocation. The order of operations remains the same as it has been for years. First, a strong balance sheet, we expect to end this year a bit better than our 4.5x debt-to-EBITDA target, giving us capacity to take advantage of opportunities and protect us from risk. As we noted at our Investor Day this year, having that capacity is valuable to our equity owners. Second, we invest in attractive opportunities to add to the value of the firm. We have found some incremental opportunities and expect to invest about $1.5 billion this year in expansion capital. And notably, we added an expansion of our Permian Highway Pipeline. We picked up Mas Energy, that’s M-A-S, a renewable natural gas company. And we’re close on a couple of more nice additions to our renewable Natural Gas business. We are finding these opportunities and others all at attractive returns well above our cost of capital. Finally, we returned the excess cash to our investors in the form of a growing well-covered dividend and share repurchases. So far this year, we have purchased about 16.1 million shares while raising the dividend 3% year-over-year. As we look ahead, we have a $2.1 billion backlog, 75% of which is in low-carbon energy services. That’s natural gas, RNG as well as renewable diesel and associated feedstocks in our Products and Terminals segment. Again, all of these are attractive returns. And I want to emphasize, as we’ve said, I think many times now, our investments in the energy transition businesses we have done without sacrificing our return criteria, a nice accomplishment. In Natural Gas, in particular, we are focused on continuing to be the provider of choice for the growing LNG market where we expect to maintain and even expand on potentially our 50% share. And in natural gas storage, which is highly cost-effective energy storage in a market that will continue to need more flexibility. Again, we are having a very good year. We are further strengthening our balance sheet, finding excellent investment opportunities and returning value to shareholders, and we are setting ourselves up well for the future. Kim?
Kim Dang: Thanks, Steve. Starting with the Natural Gas business segment for the quarter. Transport volumes were down about 2%. That’s approximately 0.6 million dekatherms per day versus the second quarter of 2021. That was driven primarily by reduced volumes to Mexico as a result of third-party pipeline capacity added to the market, a pipeline outage on EPNG and continued decline in the Rockies production. These declines were partially offset by higher LNG deliveries and higher power demand. Deliveries to LNG facilities off of our pipelines averaged approximately 5.8 million dekatherms per day, about 16% higher than the second quarter of ‘21 but lower than the first quarter of this year due to the Freeport LNG outage. Our current market share of deliveries to LNG facilities remains around 50%. We currently have about 7 Bcf a day of LNG feed gas contracted on our pipes. And we’ve got another 2.6 Bcf a day of highly likely contracts where projects have been FIDed but not yet built or where we expect them to FID in the near term. We’re also working on a significant amount of other potential projects. And given the proximity of our assets to the planned LNG expansions, we expect to maintain or grow that market share as we pursue those opportunities. Deliveries to power plants in the quarter were robust, up about 7% versus the second quarter of ‘21. The overall demand for natural gas is very strong. And as Steve said, that drives nice demand for our transport and storage services. For the future, we continue to anticipate growth in LNG exports, power, industrial and exports to Mexico. For LNG demand, our internal and Wood Mac numbers project between 11 and 15 Bcf a day of LNG demand growth by 2028. Our natural gas gathering volumes in the quarter were up 12% compared to the second quarter of ‘21. Sequentially, volumes were up 6% with a big increase in the Haynesville volumes up 15% and Eagle Ford volumes up 10%. These increases were somewhat offset by lower volumes in the Bakken. Overall, our gathering volumes in the Natural Gas segment were budgeted to increase by 10% for the full year, and we’re currently on track to exceed that number. In our Products Pipeline segment, refined products volumes were down 2% for the quarter versus the second quarter of 2021. Gasoline and diesel were down 3% and 11%, respectively, but we did see a 19% increase in jet fuel demand. For July, we started the month down versus 2021 on refined products, but we have seen gasoline prices decrease nicely over the last month or so. Crude and condensate volumes were down 6% in the quarter versus the first quarter of ‘21. Sequential volumes were down 2% with the reduction in the Bakken volumes more than offsetting an increase in the Eagle Ford. In our Terminals business segment, our liquids utilization percentage remains high at 91%. Excluding tanks out of service for required inspections, utilization is approximately 94%. And liquids throughput during the quarter was up 4% driven by gasoline, diesel and renewables. We have seen some rate weakness on renewals -- contract renewals in our hub terminal impacted by the backwardation in the market, just like we saw some marginal benefit when the curve was in a contango position a couple of years ago. Although we were hurt in the quarter by lower average rates on our marine tankers, all 16 vessels are currently sailing under firm contracts, and rates are now at pre-COVID levels. On the bulk side, overall volumes increased by 1%, driven by pet coke and coal, and that was somewhat offset by lower steel volume. In the CO2 segment, crude, NGL and CO2 volumes were down compared to Q2 of ‘21, but that was more than offset by higher commodity prices. Versus our budget, crude, NGL and CO2 volumes as well as price on all these commodities are all expected to exceed our expectations. Overall, we had a very nice first half of the year. We currently project that we will exceed our full year 2020 plan DCF and EBITDA by 5%. And we’ve approved a number of nice new projects, including the PHP expansion and eventually past Phase 1. With that, I’ll turn it over to David Michels.
David Michels: Thanks, Kim. For the second quarter of 2022, we’re declaring a dividend of $0.2775 per share, which is $1.11 per share annualized, up 3% from our 2021 dividend. And one highlight before we begin the financial performance review. As Steve mentioned, we took advantage of a low stock price by tapping our Board-approved share repurchase program. Year-to-date, we’ve repurchased 16.1 million shares for $17.09 per share. We believe those repurchases will generate an attractive return for our shareholders. Our savings from the current dividends alone without regard to terminal value assumptions or dividend growth in the future is 6.5%, a nice return to our shareholders. Moving on to the second quarter financial performance. We generated revenues of $5.15 billion, up $2 billion from the second quarter of 2021. Our associated cost of sales also increased by $1.7 billion. Combining those two items, our gross margin was $254 million higher this quarter versus a year ago. Our net income was $635 million, up from a net loss of $757 million in the second quarter of last year, but that includes a noncash impairment item for 2021. Our adjusted earnings, which excludes certain items including that noncash impairment, was $621 million this quarter, up 20% from adjusted earnings in the second quarter of 2021. As for our DCF performance, each of our business units generated higher EBDA than the second quarter of last year. Natural Gas -- the Natural Gas segment was up $69 million with greater contributions from Stagecoach, which we acquired in July of last year; greater volumes through our KinderHawk system; favorable commodity price impacts on our Altamont and Copano South Texas systems. And those are partially offset by lower contributions from CIG. The Product segment was up $6 million driven by favorable price impacts, partially offset by lower crude volumes on Hiland and HH as well as higher integrity costs. Our Terminals segment was up $7 million with greater contributions from expansion projects placed in service, a gain on a sale of an idled facility and greater coal and pet coke volumes. Those are partially offset by lower contributions from our New York Harbor terminals and our Jones Act tanker business versus the second quarter of last year. Our CO2 segment was up $60 million, driven by favorable commodity prices, more than offsetting lower year-over-year oil and CO2 volumes as well as some higher operating costs. Also adding to that segment were contributions from our Energy Transition Ventures renewable natural gas business, Kinetrex, which we acquired in August of last year. The DCF in total was $1.176 billion, 15% over the second quarter of 2021. And our DCF per share was $0.52, up 16% from last year. It’s a very nice performance. On to our balance sheet. We ended the second quarter with $31 billion of net debt and a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 4.3x. That’s up from year-end at 3.9 times, although that 3.9 times includes the nonrecurring EBITDA contributions from the Winter Storm Uri event in February 2021. The ratio at year-end would have been 4.6 times excluding the Uri EBITDA contributions. So, we ended the quarter favorable to our year-end recurring metric. Our net debt has decreased $185 million year-to-date, and I will reconcile that change to the end of the second quarter. We’ve generated year-to-date DCF of $2.631 billion. We’ve paid out dividends of $1.2 billion. We’ve spent $500 million on growth capital and contributions to our joint ventures. We’ve posted about $300 million of margin related to hedging activity. Through the second quarter, we had $170 million of stock repurchases. And we’ve had approximately $300 million of working capital uses year-to-date, and that explains the majority of the year-to-date net debt change. And with that, I’ll turn it back to Steve.
Steve Kean: All right. Thank you. So, we’ll open up to the Q&A part of the session. And as a reminder, as we’ve been doing, we ask you to limit your questions to one question and one follow-up. And then, if you’ve got more, get back in the queue and we will get to you. And here in the room, we have a good portion of our management team. And as you ask your questions, I’ll let you hear directly from them on your question -- about questions about their businesses. So, Jordan, you would open up the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeremy Tonet from JP Morgan.
Jeremy Tonet: So, I guess, Bitcoin shouldn’t be on the high on the list for organic growth projects anytime soon, I’m taking it. But moving on to the Permian, I just want to see as far as takeaway is concerned, what’s your latest look there as far as when tightness could materialize? And at the same time, with GCX, just wondering if -- what it takes to reach FID there if the basin is tight. Then could this be a near-term event?
Steve Kean: Tom?
Tom Martin: Yes. So, I think with the projects, including ours that have been FIDed and are proceeding in the construction mode, that there may be a near-term tightness. But once those projects go into service, we feel like the market is pretty well served until the latter part of the decade. So, I think the next projects will likely come in -- will need to be FIDed sometime in ‘24, maybe ‘25. And there still may be opportunities in the near term for GCX. We are in several discussions with a lot of additional customers there for pockets of capacity, especially to serve LNG markets. But I think -- for now, I think the markets, at least on a near term to intermediate term, are pretty well served.
Steve Kean: And GCX is fast to market, has as a compression expansion. The FID is in the middle part of the decade or 27 to 30 months to complete roughly.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. So I just want to confirm there, back half of decade next pipe, you said there as far as beyond what’s currently out there?
Tom Martin: That sounds right.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. And real quick, just on the renewable natural gas. Just wanted to see if you could provide more details on the acquisition here Mas CanAm. As far as the economics, what type of renewable credits were kind of baked in their expectations? And should we expect kind of more acquisitions of this nature going forward? Is this an area that’s ripe for consolidation for Kinder to go after? Just wondering broader thoughts there.
Steve Kean: Anthony?
Anthony Ashley: Yes. So, the acquisition, we’re excited about it. It’s 3 landfill gas assets, 1 RNG facility in Arlington, and that’s the bulk of the value here, $355 million. We had two medium-BTU facility in Shreveport and Victoria as well. It is a little bit different from the Kinetrex deal. It’s -- because there’s an operating asset, it’s largely derisked. Arlington has favorable royalty arrangements in place, long-term contract into the transportation market, so there’s [Indiscernible] exposed here. And the long-term EBITDA multiple here is around 8 times.
Steve Kean: Okay. And the prospects for additional?
Anthony Ashley: Yes. And so I think, as Steve mentioned, we have line of sight for some additional growth. There are some opportunities on the M&A side, but I think largely, we’ll be looking to grow organically in the future.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Steve Kean: You’re right, Jeremy. Bitcoin is not even in the shadow backlog.
Jeremy Tonet: Didn’t think so. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jean Ann Salisbury with Bernstein.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hi. Have your operations had to adjust for the Freeport outage? Can you talk about if you’re seeing more flows into Louisiana or Mexico are getting absorbed by Texas weather, or are you just kind of not getting paid from some of it if they did force majeure?
Tom Martin: Yes. So, I would say fairly immaterial financial impact to us. But as far as an impact to the market, we’re certainly seeing the basis market in the Katy Ship Channel area weaken with the additional volumes that are hitting the Texas market. I think it helps support storage, Gulf Coast storage more broadly. But certainly, has been at least partially offset by the extreme power demand that we’ve been seeing here in Texas and along the Gulf Coast. And I would say just with the connectivity with the interstate pipeline grid between intras and interstates that those volumes are getting pretty well dispersed.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Great. And then, my second question is very long term. I’m getting asked about this from generalists, and I want to make sure I’m getting it right. Just kind of want to understand refined product pipes is the common concern that I’m hearing. If we play out an energy transition scenario, we’re flowing them and 15 years is much lower than today, let’s say. Can you talk about what would happen to the pipe revenue for refined product pipes? Is it mostly cost of service-based or negotiated or some of those?
Steve Kean: Yes, Dax?
Dax Sanders: Yes. I guess, I would say, first of all, it depends on where -- sort of where it happens. I mean, I think from an economic protection perspective, we have the ability to – we’ve [Indiscernible] making protection on the pipes to be able to take into account decreased volumes to increase rates to be able to protect us. And so, I think the place that’s probably been most progressive on this has been California with the conversation about potentially banning the internal combustion engine. But if you look at that, really what that gets to is road fuels consumed in the state of California, and we obviously transport a lot of products out of there to other states. And we did an analysis on that. And that came to about 11% of products EBDA on a 2019 basis. So, if you look at the place, that’s probably the most progressive on it. That’s really kind of what you’re looking at from our segment’s perspective. And that’s before you put in place tariff protection. So, that’s the way we’d look at it.
Steve Kean: Yes. So Jean, there’s a bit of a contrast here between how things work on the products pipeline and, for example, how things work on the natural gas pipelines. We do tend to do a lot of negotiated rate transactions on the natural gas pipeline grid. In the regulated interstate -- well, even intrastate, refined products pipelines, those are typically -- those are -- they are cost of service-regulated common carrier pipelines. We just recently settled a significant rate case, a long-running rate case on our SFPP system. We have an ongoing one on the interstate in the CPUC business. But if you think about these pipes economically, they really are the cheapest and best way to move the product from point A to point B. And so, there is good strength in their market position. And so yes, if there was a decrease in volume, you would go in and you’d say, "I have lower volume units. I’m spreading the same cost of service over a lower number of barrels, and I want a rate increase." Now, that’s not how we run the railroad, and that’s not something that we’ve had to do with the one exception of the California intrastate market. But, it is a bit of a different dynamic between refined products pipelines and the natural gas pipelines.
Kim Dang: The other thing -- we can move renewable diesel through our pipes. To the extent that that gets replaced, renewable diesel can go through. And also sustainable aviation fuel could be moved through our pipes as well. So those were replacement products.
Operator: Our next question comes from Colton Bean with Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.
Colton Bean: On the guidance increase, it looks like an EBITDA step-up of $350 million or better. I guess, first, are there any offsets at the cash flow level that results in DCF also being 5%, or is that just a function of rounding? And then second, I think you all flagged about $750 million of discretionary cash on the original budget. Should we assume the guidance increase is additive to that total, including the $100 million bump in CapEx last quarter?
David Michels: The offsets are the items that are unfavorable between EBITDA and DCF for us are interest expense and sustaining capital. Interest expense versus our budget is just up because short-term rates are meaningfully above what we had budgeted, and the longer-term rates are also up a little bit. And then, the sustaining capital, we have some incremental class change costs that we had -- that we didn’t budget for and a little bit of inflation costs increasing our sustaining capital. In terms of the available capacity that we talked about at the beginning of the year, the $750 million was based on available capacity given our budgeted EBITDA and assumed spend for the year. Our EBITDA is up nicely. So, that’s increased the available balance sheet capacity that we have. But we’ve also spent -- we’re also increasing our spend a little bit more than what we had budgeted given the Mas transaction. We have a couple of additional projects in our discretionary spend that Steve talked about. And we’ve repurchased some shares that weren’t in our budget. So overall, our available capacity is still higher than what we had budgeted, but we’ve also spent a fair amount more than what we had budgeted as well.
Colton Bean: Great. And then, David, maybe just sticking on the financing side of things. I think you all noted that you had locked in roughly $5 billion of your floating rate exposure through the end of this year. Any updates or shifts in how you’re thinking about managing that heading into 2023?
David Michels: Yes. We haven’t had a similar opportunity to lock in favorable rates for 2023. So, we’re very pleased that we locked it in for this year. It’s been almost a $70 million benefit to us this year. But -- and we’ll continue to look at ways that we could potentially mitigate that going into 2023. But so far, we haven’t found any favorable opportunities to do that because we just continue to see as we get through the year more pressure on short-term rates going into next year. With some of the recessionary pressures that we’ve seen in the market, I think that’s starting to loosen up a little bit. So, we’ll continue to take a look at it, but nothing yet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chase Mulvehill with Bank of America.
Chase Mulvehill: I guess, I wanted to come back and kind of hit on guidance a little bit. I guess, just specifically on gathering volumes, I think you guided up originally 10%. And I think you noted you’re going to be above that, and you kind of mentioned that in last quarter’s conference call as well. And you’ve obviously given us the sensitivity here that we can use towards your guidance. So, how much do you think that gathering volumes will be up now? And I guess, maybe what’s included in the updated guidance?
Kim Dang: So, we think it’s going to be up -- I think it’s around 13% versus the 10%, and it is included in our updated guidance.
Chase Mulvehill: Okay, great. And can I ask kind of -- maybe it’s a little more technical question, but around kind of brownfield Permian egress expansions. How should we think about the timing and how this incremental capacity will pull through incremental volumes? Basically, what I’m asking is, will you be able to pull through more volumes gradually as you add each incremental compression station or will you ultimately all start the incremental production at once at the end when you have all the compression stations added?
Tom Martin: No. I think it’s more of a light-switch experience as we approach November, December ‘23. There’ll be certainly test volumes, additional volumes that we do test along the way. But I think to get to the ultimate delivery point where the customers want to go, that will all happen November, December ‘23.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo.
Michael Blum: I wanted to maybe just start with the opening comments about the stock price. I’m just wondering if you could expand a little more there. And I guess, specifically, are there any specific actions that you’re contemplating that to impact the stock price here?
Rich Kinder: Well, I’ve learned a long time ago that the ability of management team to influence the stock price is pretty remote. But let me just say and the point of what I was trying to do is I think there -- it’s not just Kinder Morgan. I think there’s a tremendous disconnect between the way the market is valuing midstream energy companies. For instance, there’s much more of a correlation with crude oil prices in our stock than there ought to be. As we tell everybody at the beginning of the year, exactly how much the impact is per dollar of change in crude and natural gas prices. And of course, that’s a relatively small number of lessons as you get further into the year. That’s just one example of, I think, kind of a knee-jerk reaction in the market. I think the best thing we can do as a management and Board is to stress again and again the strength of our cash flow and the fact that we’re using it wisely. And I think we demonstrated that in this quarter in the way we’ve deployed our cash. So, that’s our game plan, pretty simple and not very imaginative really. But I think in the long run -- maybe we’re the tortoise versus the hare. But in the long run, I think we get rewarded for the kind of performance we have produced now quarter after quarter after quarter.
Michael Blum: All right. Great. Thank you for those comments. I guess, my second question -- well, first of all, Anthony, congratulations on the expanded responsibilities. And maybe I’m reading into this, but my question is really with the promotion to run both, energy transition and CO2. Can I read anything into that about maybe enhanced prospects for carbon capture, you’re kind of bringing these two things onto the same roof?
Steve Kean: Look, I think we feel like there are some synergies there, and I’ll ask Anthony to expand on that. But I mean we’ll use the same geologist for carbon capture and sequestration as we do for CO2. I mean, we’ve been sequestering CO2 for decades, and we use it in connection with the enhanced oil recovery operations obviously. But it’s the same technology, if you will. And so, we think there is synergy there, and there are a few others. But I’ll turn it over to Anthony to answer the rest.
Anthony Ashley: Yes. I mean, obviously, Jesse had a great opportunity, and we wish him well. And it’s a great opportunity for me. And I’ve inherited a really great team. So I appreciate that. I don’t think you’re going to see anything materially different from the way we kind of run things moving forward. As Steve mentioned, I think as we have been moving forward with ETV, it’s become more and more apparent there’s a lot of overlap, especially with the CO2 group, so a lot of technical experience there that we’ve been using. And we’ll be further integrating those groups and taking advantage of that. And I think that will provide some nice commercial synergies down the road. But, we don’t have anything special to announce. And I don’t think you’re going to see the way we run the CO2 business or ETV to be materially different from the way Jesse was doing.
Steve Kean: Yes. And I think the further integration benefits, we have the same operations organization. So some of these where it was a small company we acquired, and we have other acquisitions that we’re integrating. And so having a common operations platform, I think, will be very helpful. We also have a common project management platform, which is also helpful. And of course, we’ve always had a centralized procurement organization. And bringing the power of that procurement organization to bear on these development opportunities, I think all that will pay dividends. But this is not leaning into the CCUS. That will -- we think there are opportunities there. We think they’re coming but coming slowly. And there’s some resolution of 45Q tax credit levels and things like that, that still needs to unfold. But anyway, this business fits together and so it stays together.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Stanley with Wolfe Research.
Keith Stanley: First, wanted to ask just on the next wave of LNG projects. So, you have this $600 million project you’re announcing on TGP and SNG tied to Plaquemines. Can you talk to which specific LNG projects we should track more closely that you see more opportunity to potentially provide gas services to? And is there any way to frame the potential investment opportunity in dollars around new LNG projects in the next five years? So, should we expect other $600 million-type investment opportunities tied to the next wave of projects?
Tom Martin: Yes. I mean, -- so I don’t want to call winners and losers in here. But I mean I think the way you would think about this is those that have been successful to this point already, I think have a good chance of being more successful over time by virtue of expansions of their existing footprints. There’s certainly some new entrants that we’re very excited to be partnering with to grow along with Texas, Louisiana Gulf Coast. And again, I think given the proximity of our footprint, we’re talking to all of these developers and working with all of them and looking for ways to expand our footprint and even build some greenfield projects to support their growth. So, we feel very bullish about this opportunity. And we think there’s significant investment opportunity here over the next three to five years.
Kim Dang: Yes. And so, as a result, some of the opportunities, we’ll be able to utilize capacity on our existing system or add compression and they’ll be very, very efficient. And then some of the opportunities will require greenfield -- some level of greenfield development. And so it will be a combination of both.
Rich Kinder: And I think the macro opportunity here is incredible. I’ll come back to what Kim said, depending on which expert you listen to, the projections are between now over the next five years or so, you’re going to have 11 to 13 or 14 Bcf a day in growth in LNG. We fully expect to be able to maintain our 50% share, which we have now. That’s an incredible increase in throughput, a lot of which is attributable to the present system that we have in place along the Texas and Louisiana Gulf Coast. It’s an incredible green shoot for Kinder Morgan.
Keith Stanley: And separate question, I guess, kind of revisiting Michael’s question from earlier. So, the Company hasn’t really done material stock buybacks since really kind of 2018. And it looks like you did 270 million. The average price implies that was kind of done over the past month for the most part. So I know you’ve talked to being bullish on the stock price, but just any other color on what changed in the market or just the decision process? Because it’s a pretty material step-up in buybacks in a brief period. And how you’re thinking about that, I guess, over the balance of the year since you still have available capacity?
Steve Kean: Maybe I’ll start and, David, you can fill in. But we kind of planned to look at how the year was unfolding over the first quarter and to get a lot of confidence around it. We live in uncertain times, right? So, we were -- we have good, strong cash flows that are secured by contracts and all of that. We’ve got a lot of stability in our business. But kind of wanted to see how the year was unfolding. And so that was then -- things look good. We talked about it looking good in Q1. I thought we were going to be up on guidance, but didn’t quantify it for you. And so, that was a good opportunity. We had to use some capacity, and we stuck to our opportunistic approach to share repurchases, and that’s exactly what we expect to continue to do. And we would expect -- you can’t call it for sure, but we’d expect to have opportunities to do more through the course of the year.
David Michels: And one thing I -- I think Steve covered it. I just -- we would balance some of the additional spend that we’ve already incurred with the additional available capacity that we generated because of our EBITDA outperformance. So, we’ll look at a balance of those items along with the opportunistic share repurchases for the rest of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Marc Solecitto with Barclays.
Marc Solecitto: With inflation tracking where it is, that should be a nice tailwind for your products business. Just wondering if you can maybe comment on how that interplays with the broader macro and any competitive dynamics across your footprint and your ability to fully pass that through.
Steve Kean: Dax, why don’t you start?
Dax Sanders: Yes. No. Based on where PPI, we follow the FERC methodology on our FERC policy at 2 [ph] pipes, which right now is PPI FG minus 0.21%. And we implemented the rate increase on July 1st of 8.7% across our assets. And based on where it’s tracking right now, I think the -- assuming we would -- PPI continues where it is and that we would implement the full thing, which is what we would expect, it’s somewhere in the neighborhood of 15% next year.
Marc Solecitto: Great. Appreciate the color there. And then on your CapEx budget, the $1.5 billion for this year, should we think the bulk of CapEx spend on PHP will come in ‘23? Or is that -- any context into what the CapEx cost component of these expansions could be? And then on Evangeline Pass, could we see CapEx move higher this year subject to definitive commercial agreements, or that’s to mostly come in later years?
David Michels: They’re going to be later, yes, partly because we’ve got a regulatory process to go through. And -- but on PHP, it’s going to be mostly in ‘23.
Kim Dang: And the ‘23 [ph] will be incorporated in the $1.5 billion.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. Congrats on a good quarter, and congrats to Tom and to Anthony for the movement around the greater opportunities. One kind of near-term question. Refined products pipeline volume or throughput during the quarter, a little bit weak on gasoline, a little bit weak on diesel. Can you just kind of talk about whether that’s geographic specific to you, whether that’s more just general demand destruction due to price, especially on the diesel side?
Steve Kean: Dax.
Dax Sanders: Yes. We are seeing a little bit of demand destruction a bit across the system, I would say, on road fuels. Jet fuel, as you would expect, as you see naturally a pretty strong increase. I mean, I think the EI numbers on jet are about 18. As Kim said, we’re about 19 on diesel. You saw a larger decrease on our assets. EIA was just right around 3%. We were closer to 11%. But I will remind you on diesel, we are still within 2% of where we were in 2019. We saw a big jump last year on diesel volume. So, while we’ve seen come off compared to Q2 of last year, it’s still pretty robust. But we have seen a little bit of demand destruction. But I think you’ve seen gasoline prices across the country come off for, I want to say, 35 days straight. So, we’ve seen customer response. We’ve also seen price response.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then, maybe a follow-up for Anthony. Just thinking about the landfill gas deal that you announced today. And I think you made a comment that kind of build multiple, call it, roughly 8 times. Is that kind of a year one in that, therefore, as we think about it over time, that build multiple actually gets better over time as production there ramps, or is that what you think kind of a steady state would be? And how do you compare that to the EBITDA and returns on capital that you get out of the natural gas -- kind of the core gas pipeline business?
Anthony Ashley: Yes. I mean, it ramps up to 8 and gets better from there. So there is growth at this landfill, which is really primarily driven by the Arlington asset. We have perpetual gas rights there, and there is a potential expansion that we have down the road on that asset. And so, the EBITDA multiple gets better over time. I would say the 8 times is more the -- an average over the medium term there. With regards to how we think about nat gas, I think we’d look at it on different types of opportunities. It’s a very different type of investment. So, I’m not sure it’s necessarily comparing apples to apples. But I think in terms of the opportunity here as we think about our RNG portfolio, these are assets which are largely derisked. There are in operations today. There are, as I said, long-term gas rights here with Arlington as an expansion and growth opportunity. And so, I think it’s an attractive acquisition in terms of how we think about that in this space.
Steve Kean: And as a general comment, Michael, but as we said at the beginning, we have not had to sacrifice our return criteria and have not had to sacrifice the margin above our weighted average cost of capital to be able to invest in these things. We’ve been very selective about how we’ve entered this sector.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Reynolds with UBS.
Brian Reynolds: I’m curious just on Ruby Pipeline, if there’s any updates on the bankruptcy proceedings and if there are any initial thoughts on a near-term resolution as it relates to nat gas service and if there’s any commentary on potential long-term CO2 transport, given a regional peer looking to do the same.
Steve Kean: Yes. We’ll ask Kevin Grahmann, our Head of Corporate Development.
Kevin Grahmann: Yes. In terms of the bankruptcy proceeding, Ruby has in place an independent set of managers who have been managing a lot of the day-to-day on the proceedings. There has been some recent court activity around a time line proceeding forward around a potential 363 [ph] sale and just getting to a resolution of the case along a certain time line. So, that’s where it stands. I can’t comment on any specific negotiations or discussions with parties involved. I will point to our prior comments on this, which is anything that KMI does around Ruby is going to be in the interest of KMI shareholders. I think as it relates to your question around potential conversion of CO2 service on the pipe, I think first, the pipe does continue to serve a need for the California market. And so, it is a pipe that has a good service and natural gas service today. But across our network, we are looking at repurposing opportunities. But I think our general view at this point is those are longer-dated opportunities.
Brian Reynolds: Great. I appreciate the color. And then a quick follow-up on the guidance raise just given some of the acquisitions during the year. Curious if you could just kind of break out organic raise versus the contribution from some of the acquisitions year-to-date. Thanks.
David Michels: Yes. I mean, I would say it’s -- I mean, we do have a little bit of benefit from commodity prices, but we also have the benefit from our underlying base business. And a lot of that has come from -- we’re seeing some attractive renewals in the Natural Gas business, and that’s really in multiple places. It’s on our Texas Intrastate business, it’s on NGPL, it’s growth in our gathering business. It’s -- so it’s really -- I think a lot of that is organic strength in those contracts as we roll off. There’s some contribution from expansion capital during the -- but a lot of that ends up getting budgeted for the year based on what we know going in. And a lot of what we do that we sanctioned in the year ends up benefiting subsequent years. So I think you can attribute it to commodity price tailwind and/or -- and just organic growth in the base existing footprint.
Kim Dang: Because things like Stagecoach, we budgeted expansions that we knew about before the year started, we budgeted. And most expansions that we found that we’re doing this year don’t come on until 2023 or 2024 and beyond.
Brian Reynolds: Great. That’s super helpful. And just for clarification, just for the original guide on the landfill acquisitions, was that included before? Or is that included in this kind of 5% raise? Thanks.
Kim Dang: Kinetrex was included in the budget and -- would be incremental -- I mean Mas would be incremental to the budget.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Cusimano from Pickering Energy Partners.
Michael Cusimano: Two questions for me. First, just is it fair to assume that the declines on Hiland and HH were weather-related? And can you talk through like how that’s recovered and maybe how the volume growth outlook has changed, if any, going forward?
Steve Kean: Do you have an answer on the volumes, Dax?
Dax Sanders: Yes, definitely. On Hiland, I would say the overwhelming majority of it is. I mean, just to give you some of the numbers, and that was the unexpected storm that came through in April. We were doing roughly north of 200,000 barrels a day in -- prior to that, in April, we ended up doing 163,000 and then we averaged about 188,000 for the quarter, but we’re back in June doing roughly 207,000. So it was a big chunk of it. For HH, less. That has a lot more to do with the spreads out of the Bakken, but it was absolutely the issue for the period.
Tom Martin: And the gas lines have recovered back to sort of pre-outage levels.
Michael Cusimano: Okay. That’s helpful. And then looking at the Terminals business. So you mentioned utilization and rates are down a little bit because of the backwardation. And then Jones Act sounds like it’s kind of troughed at this point. So, am I wrong in thinking that we’ve reached like -- maybe like a new base level for that segment, or are there other puts and takes that I need to think about?
David Michels: No, you’re correct. I mean, the rate degradation that we’ve seen is specifically just in the New York Harbor. We’ve seen rates actually return to the levels we saw last year in the Houston area, and we’re back to 100% utilization there. As it relates to APT, we saw a trough last year, rates descending into the mid-50s per day. And they are back into the mid-60s now. We’re 100% utilized. All of the vessels are moving, and we’re actually seeing an increase in term. Where we were around two-year term last year, we’re now looking at 6.2 years with likely renewals. So, the answer to your question, yes.
Michael Cusimano: Okay. And with the gain of sale that you mentioned, that was excluded from the EBITDA that you reported?
Steve Kean: Gain on sale, was that excluded from EBITDA?
Kim Dang: No, it’s in EBITDA. So, we have a level -- a certain level, $15 million that -- anything that’s below $15 million, like a gain on sale or something like that, it stays in the DCF. Anything that is above that would -- we take out -- the nonrecurring in nature, we take out of DCF. We had a lower threshold for a long time. It created a lot of noise in our numbers and made things confusing for people. And so, we’ve raised that threshold, which I think it makes it simpler for our investors and also is better at excluding really the onetime items. Because from time to time, we do have some land sales and that -- and so I think the higher threshold just makes a lot of sense.
Steve Kean: So, smaller nonrecurring pluses and minuses now get reflected.
Michael Cusimano: Okay, got you. And is that something that you will quantify in like your materials going forward?
David Michels: Amount of smaller nonrecurring items that are impacting our EBITDA and DCF, no, we won’t. We just look at growth. We’ll explain it like we are today, like on this land sale, we’ll explain the gains and losses, if they’re bit large enough to explain.
Tom Martin: We’ll continue to explain the ones that are larger nonrecurring items. So, it will continue to be carved out, but there’ll be less noise with this. But again, the smaller positives and negatives will flow through.
Operator: Our final question comes from Harry Mateer with Barclays.
Harry Mateer: Just two for me. I think the first, now we’re at the midway point of the year, would like to get an update on how you’re navigating your refinancing plans. You’ve got some maturities coming due early next year. I think you could probably call them out late this year. So, how are you thinking about navigating that? And then, secondly, there was a line in the press release about expecting to meet or improve on the debt metric goal. And I just want to confirm that that’s referring to the 4.3 times budget rather than like a formal change to the approximately 4.5 times goal you guys have had for a couple of years. Thanks.
David Michels: Yes. No, that is referring to our ending the year better than our budgeted level. That’s what we currently expect. But with regard to kind of how we are navigating issuances and how we’re going to handle some of the maturities coming due, as I’m sure you’re aware, Harry, we’re through our maturities for 2022. We do have about a little bit north of $900 million in CP currently. So -- but that’s why we have a $4 billion credit facility to handle short-term needs like this from time to time. And since we have $3 billion plus of capacity available, we don’t have any rush to term that out. So we can be patient there. We’ll look to potentially turn that out some time in the near term. But we’ll be patient. We’ll wait for favorable conditions. And then next year, it is a $3.2 billion maturity year. So, it’s relatively large, but we got the full year to do it. And we have the revolving -- revolver capacity to manage timing that out, waiting for favorable market condition.
Harry Mateer: Okay, got it. But the Company’s formal leverage target is still 4.5 times. Is that right, David?
David Michels: Approximately -- around 4.5 times. That’s right.
Operator: We have no more callers in the queue.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Well, thank you very much, Jordan, and thanks to everybody for listening in. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-20 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform all participants that today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. You have been placed on a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today’s call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Rich Kinder: Thank you, Michelle. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you, as I always do, that KMI earnings release today and this call includes forward-looking statements within the meeting of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosures and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release, as well as review our latest filings with the SEC for important material assumptions, expectations, and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking statements.  Let me begin by, today, we formally announced our dividend increase for 2022 taking the annual payout to $1.11. That's the fifth consecutive annual increase. Also as Steve Kean and the team will tell you, the year is off to a good start.  Now I want to talk about broader issues that impact all of us. Since our last call in January, seismic events have occurred. The Russian invasion of Ukraine has shaken the world order as we know it with a dramatic impact on the economy of Europe, and indeed, the entire world. Predicting how this whole tragic situation will be finally resolved is far beyond my capabilities, but I'm pretty certain the impact on the energy segment of the economy will be significant at least over the next several years. This crisis has demonstrated the continued dependence of the world on fossil fuels, especially natural gas and the inability to develop a satisfactory substitute in the short to intermediate term. This situation is illustrated by the frantic efforts of Europe to wean itself from its overwhelming reliance on Russian natural gas. Beyond that, we are shown once again how tight the world market is for oil, natural gas, NGLs and even coal as we look at the dramatic escalation in prices since the war began in late February. What does this mean for the energy space in America? In my judgment, the crisis plays to our strengths. The U.S. is a reliable supplier with the ability to grow its production modestly in the near term and more robustly in the intermediate term. We operate under a transparent legal system, and we have technical expertise from the wellhead to the burner tip that is unmatched anywhere in the world. For all of these reasons, the United States will be a major part of the solution to adequately supply the world with oil and natural gas it needs to surmount the present problem. In particular, the U.S. will be a major supplier of additional LNG to Europe to replace at least in part Russian gas. I anticipate that all of our present LNG export facilities will be running at capacity for the foreseeable future, and the contracts necessary to support the construction of new facilities in the next few years will be more attainable than they've been in the past. By way of caution, I'm still concerned that our Federal government will not properly expedite permitting of these new facilities. But I'm reasonably hopeful that at some point, this administration will recognize the importance of playing its energy card to support its allies and sanction its adversaries. The impact of these developments will benefit the Midstream Energy segment and Kinder Morgan specifically in both the short term and the long term. At Kinder Morgan, we move about 40% of all the natural gas in America and about 50% of the gas going to LNG export terminals. As volumes increase, throughput will increase as will the need for selective expansions and extensions of the network. In short, it's a good time to be a long natural gas infrastructure. Steve?
Steve Kean: All right. Thanks, Rich. So after wrapping up a record year financially in 2021, we're off to a strong start in 2022, with strong performance in our base business and attractive opportunities to add growth. We're keeping our balance sheet strong, exceeded our plan in the first quarter. And even though it's early in the year, we are projecting to be above plan for the full year. In addition to commodity price tailwinds, we experienced very strong commercial performance in our gas business with continued improvement in our contract renewals, especially on our flexible gas storage services, good performance during the winter and new emerging project opportunities in our Bakken, Haynesville and Altamont assets and increasing interest in new Permian transportation capacity. On the Permian, we are working on the commercialization and development of compression expansions on our PHP and GCX pipelines. While we will need to do a small amount of looping most of the expansion can be accomplished with additional horsepower. Compression expansions are low risk from a siting and permitting perspective, and they are very capital efficient though they do come with a higher fuel rate for the customer. Most importantly, in today's environment, compression expansions allow for speed to market. Once we have contracts and make FID we believe we can get to in service in about 18 months. We believe the market will need that capacity in that time frame and see one or both of these expansions as the near-term solution pushing out our potential greenfield third pipeline further in time. Combined, the 2 expansions can add 1.2 Bcf per day of capacity out of the Permian. Finally, for gas, our Stagecoach storage asset, which we acquired in 2021, helped us with our strong winter performance and continues to perform above our acquisition model. Our CO2 business was aided by commodity prices and also operational outperformance versus our plan. We continue to advance our 3 renewable gas projects, which we picked up in the Kinetrex acquisition last year and we are advancing additional opportunities in our Energy Transition Ventures Group. Our products pipelines were modestly above plan for the quarter. And while terminals missed plan by a bit, we started to see good recovery in our Jones Act charter rates and continued strong performance in our bulk terminals business. For the balance of the year, commodity prices continue as a tailwind, and we have locked in enough such that our updated sensitivity is about $4 million per $1 movement of WTI. We expect continued strength in our base business, but we also expect to experience some negative impact from cost pressures due both to additional maintenance and integrity work that we added to the plan for this year as well as some higher costs on certain materials, chemicals, parts and vehicle fuel. Still, taking all of this into account, we are predicting that we will be above plan for the year. In summary, we're doing very well.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Kim.
Kimberly Dang: Okay. Thanks, Steve. I'll go through the segments, starting with Natural Gas. Our transport volumes there were up 2% or approximately 0.9 million dekatherms per day versus the first quarter of 2021, and that was driven primarily by increased LNG deliveries, generally colder weather, partially offset by the continued decline in Rockies production and a pipeline outage on EPNG.  Deliveries to LNG facilities off of our pipes averaged approximately 6.2 million dekatherms per day. That's a 32% increase versus Q1 of '21. Our market share of deliveries to LNG facilities, as Rich mentioned, remains around 50%. Exports to Mexico were down in the quarter when compared to Q1 of '21 as a result of third-party pipeline capacity added to the market. Overall deliveries to power plants were up 5%, and we believe that natural gas power demand is becoming more inelastic relative to coal. Deliveries to LDCs and industrials also increased. The overall demand for natural gas is very strong, both our internal and Wood Mac numbers project between 3 Bcf and 4 Bcf of demand growth for 2022. And in our numbers, we project growth in all major categories, res-com, industrial, power, exports to Mexico and LNG exports. Our natural gas gathering volumes were up 12% in the quarter compared to the first quarter of '21. Sequentially, volumes were down 6% and with a big increase in Haynesville volumes, which were up 14%, more than offset by lower Eagle Ford volumes, which were impacted by contract termination. Overall, our budget projected gathering volumes in the Natural Gas segment increased by 10% for the full year, and we are currently on track to exceed that number. In our Products Pipeline segment, refined products volumes were up 7% for the quarter compared to the pre-pandemic levels using Q1 of '19 as a reference point road fuels were down about 0.5%, so essentially flat, while jet was down 18%. We did see a decrease in the monthly growth rate as we went through the quarter, so higher prices may be starting to impact demand. Crude and condensate volumes were down 4% in the quarter versus the first quarter of '21. Sequential volumes were flat with a reduction in the Eagle Ford offset by an increase in the Bakken. In our Terminals business segment, the liquids utilization percentage remains high at 92%. If you exclude tanks out of service for required inspection, utilization is about 95%. Our rack business which serves consumer domestic demand was up nicely in the first quarter. Our hub facilities, which are driven more by refinery runs, international trade and blending dynamics, were also up significantly. As Steve said, we've seen some greenshoots in our marine tanker business with all 16 vessels currently sailing under firm contracts and day rates are still improving, though still lower relative to expiring contracts. On the bulk side, overall volumes increased by 19%, driven by pet coke and coal, which more than offset lower steel and ore volume. In our CO2 segment, crude volumes were essentially flat compared to Q1 of '21 and NGL volumes were up 7%. CO2 volumes were down 9%, but that was due to the expiration of a carried interest following payout on a project in '21. On price, we saw very nice increases in all of our primary commodities. Overall, we've had a very nice start to the year. For the first quarter, we exceeded our DCF plan by 4%. We estimate that roughly half of that outperformance was due to price and the other half due to strength in our base business. As Steve said, we currently project that we will exceed our full year 2022 plan. We've not specifically quantified the outperformance because one, it is relatively early in the year; and two, there are a lot of moving pieces. Commodity prices, gathering volumes, inflation, regulatory demands and interest rates to name a few. But we expect the upside to outweigh the downside.  And with that, I'll turn it to David Michels.
David Michels: All right. Thank you, Kim. So for the first quarter of 2022, we are declaring a dividend of $0.2775 per share, which, as Rich mentioned, is $1.11 annualized and 3% up from our 2021 dividend. For the quarter, we generated revenues of $4.3 billion, which is down $918 million from the first quarter of last year. However, when you exclude the large nonrecurring contribution from Winter Storm Uri from last year, our revenue would have been higher this quarter versus last year. And our net income was $667 million, down from the first quarter of 2021. But excluding the contribution from Winter Storm Uri last year, our net income during the first quarter of 2021 would have been $569 million. So relative to that recurring amount, we generated $98 million or 17% higher net income this quarter versus last year. Our DCF performance was strong. Natural Gas segment was down $797 million. But again, the winter storm contribution from last year, which was over $950 million in the first quarter of 2021 led to the majority of that decline this quarter. Otherwise, we had nice outperformance in our Natural Gas segment, driven by contributions from our Stagecoach acquisition, Tennessee Gas Pipeline contributions, our Texas Intrastate as well as greater volume on KinderHawk Our Products segment was up $36 million, driven by increased refined product volumes and favorable price impacts, partially offset by higher integrity costs and our Terminals business up $11 million versus Q1 of 2021 [due to] greater contributions from our bulk terminals, driven by higher pet coke and coal volumes as well as growth in our liquids terminals business due to expansion projects, contributions and an unfavorable impact from Winter Storm Uri during 2021. And those were partially offset in the Terminal segment by lower contributions from our New York Harbor terminals and our Jones Act tanker business.  Our CO2 segment was down $83 million and more than all of that decline is explained by the segment's contribution from Winter Storm Uri during 2021. Other than that, the CO2 segment is up nicely year-over-year mainly driven by commodity prices. Total DCF generated in the quarter was $1.455 billion or $0.64 per share, that's down from last year. But again, excluding the nonrecurring contributions from Winter Storm Uri our DCF would be up $203 million or 16% higher compared to the first quarter of 2021. Moving on to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $31.4 billion of net debt with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 4.4x, that's up from 3.9x at year-end 2021. But excluding the nonrecurring EBITDA contributions from Uri, the year-end ratio would have been 4.6x. So we ended the quarter favorable to our year-end recurring metrics. The net debt during the quarter increased $191 million.  And here's a reconciliation of that change. We generated $1.455 billion of DCF. We paid out $600 million of dividends. We contributed $300 million to our joint ventures and to growth capital investments. We had $250 million of increased restricted deposits, which is mostly due to cash posted for margin related to our hedging activity. And we had a $500 million working capital use which is not uncommon in the first quarter when we have higher interest expense payments, property tax bonus payments, and we also had a rate case reserve refund paid and that explains the majority of the $191 million for the quarter.  And with that, I'll turn it back to Steve.
Steve Kean: Okay. Thanks, David. Michelle, if you'd come back on and open it up for questions. And I'll just point out, we've got our entire senior management team around the table here. So we'll be passing the mic as you have questions about our different segments and their performance and outlook, et cetera. So Michelle, open it up, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first caller is Jean Ann Salisbury with Bernstein.
Jean Ann Salisbury: I just wanted to ask about the potential compression expansion. How are customers comparing the compression expansion option versus a new build? Are the rates similar? Obviously, you mentioned that the timeline to market is faster, which is great. but maybe the compression rate is lower since the fuel cost is higher. Just wanted to understand which was kind of more attractive to customers?
Steve Kean: Very good. Tom Martin, President of our Gas Group.
Thomas Martin: Yes. I mean I can't get too specific about overall rates because it's a competitive situation. But I think I'll just say it is attractive to the market in total. As Steve said, it is more fuel costs, but that will be at least partially offset by the fixed fee that's associated with it. I think the key is speed to market, and that's the message that we're hearing from our customers is that getting this in service in 2023 will really help alleviate a containment issue that we're really seeing -- starting to see now and certainly expect to get much worse as we get into 2023. So not ready to call this a win yet, clearly. We've got a lot of work to do, but getting some good feedback.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Great. That's helpful. And I guess on that topic, is 18 months to add compression and some of the things kind of longer than a similar project in the past, is it due to supply chain issues going on? Or am I just like too demanding?
Thomas Martin: Yes. I mean it may be somewhat longer, but we've made some mitigating steps. We've taken some mitigating steps to help make that better than it otherwise could have been. But I think in these times, that's probably indicative, if not longer.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay. And then just one more follow-up on this, if I may. Are you seeing any movement from kind of the people that have not traditionally signed up for long-term contracts like the privates to sign up this time, given more constraints on flaring and everything? Or do you think it's going to likely be the same mix of customers as in the past?
Thomas Martin: Again, hard to speculate specifically on customers, but I think I would say it's a broader set of customers in general than what we may have seen on the greenfield projects. So speaking, I think, really to the point you're making is that there are -- there's a broader set of customer interest this time.
Operator: Our next caller is Colton Bean with Tudor, Pickering Holt & Company.
Colton Bean: You all mentioned seeing higher costs in the release. Can you just elaborate on where you're seeing those costs hit the system, whether that's materials, labor or other areas?
Steve Kean: Yes. So there are 2 categories of higher costs here. One is that we've added some work to the plan, okay? So we've added some incremental integrity and maintenance work to the plan. And so that's not -- that's not an inflation thing. That's just a scope of work thing. And it's not an ongoing or recurring but we're doing some work there that we'll be doing this year and probably next year. That's one category.  The second thing is we haven't experienced a great deal of inflation to date. We experienced as normal when the commodity prices are up, you see it in the oil field, right? But commodity prices are up. The revenues are up to go with it. So we're seeing some there.  The other places where we're seeing inflation, we projected a little inflation, but the places where we've actually experienced it are obviously fuel for our trucks, okay, and for our other equipment. So fuel prices are up, those prices are up. Related hydrocarbons or composites like lubricants is also up. And some materials, steel costs for certain equipment has come up. And even though raw steel has come down a little bit, it's been down, then up a little. So it's some materials, equipment, lubricants fuel.
Colton Bean: Great. Appreciate that. And then Rich mentioned the need for incremental U.S. LNG. Are there any optimization opportunities available to you all at Elba Island? Or alternatively, if market interest has increased, could that be a potential divestiture candidate?
Steve Kean: Tom?
Thomas Martin : Yes. So the current project is fully utilized by our customer. There certainly is an opportunity to do an expansion there, small-scale expansion. We had those discussions a couple of years ago, obviously, with what is happening now. We're dusting that off again. Again very early days to say whether there's a real potential there. But overall, the market opportunity suggests that may be something worth looking at. 
Steve Kean: And Colton, the thing I'd add to that is just that a lot of the way we're participating in this LNG growth opportunity, both what has come to pass already and what we believe is still to come is off of our network. And so we can participate in that market and the growth opportunity by serving them and serving them well with our pipeline infrastructure and our storage assets along our network and particularly with a lot of that growth coming in Texas and Louisiana, where our footprint is especially robust. And so Elba is something we will evaluate, as Tom said, and we'll work with our customer on that. But really, a big play for us in the trend here is to be able to bolster what we do from a transportation and storage service provider standpoint.
Operator: Our next caller is Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan.
Jeremy Tonet : Just wanted to see with the compression expansions, if you are able to provide any thoughts with regarding to capital outlay there for us to kind of frame it. You talk about being more capital efficient than a Greenfield. And then at the same time, as it relates to the new greenfield does this really change, I guess, the pace of how you're exploring those. The pace of that project given how it's going to take longer to build a pipeline today than it did in the past and so presumably, there's going to be need for incremental pipe beyond these expansions pretty quickly, at which point the Permian Pass could service that need.
Steve Kean: Tom? 
Thomas Martin : Yes. Again, I don't think we want to get into capital discussions again in a competitive environment on the expansion project. But I think your second point. Yes. I think you're exactly right. The market will fill up relatively quickly. We're estimating a greenfield pipe will now be needed some time in 2026 after all the expansions are done to fill the immediate need. And so with that and given the timeline on doing greenfield type projects, I mean, that would lend itself towards an FID sometime early next year for that kind of a project.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful there. And then I just wanted to kind of pivot towards you discussed this GHG collaboration study with other partners in midstream here. And just wondering if you could expand a bit about that, I guess, the objectives behind that? And I guess, what were some of the drivers to moving forward with that project?
Thomas Martin : Yes. I mean I think holistically international LNG markets are driving the bus on getting RSG and lower methane intensity type volumes. And so we're certainly working with our good customer in support of that initiative. And really, what this initial effort is a pilot program to help identify methane intensity on specific assets at specific locations with hope that, that will broaden and ultimately support a certification process that will help earmark lower methane-intense gas going to international markets.
Steve Kean: And Jeremy, I'd just add to that, we have seen a bit of an inflection this year. We've been talking about our low methane emissions intensity and marketing that as part of our service offerings. And we've been doing that for a while. And we got a deal last year, and we got another couple of deals following that. We got a tariff filing on TGP. There's all of a sudden, an enormous amount of interest in it. And by our estimation, about 25% of the natural gas produced in the U.S. today could qualify. And they're -- if you take all their targets into account, you get up to 1/3. And so we think that this is going to be a point of distinction in the future, and we're seeing evidence of that now.
Jeremy Tonet : And just to add on real quick there. Do you see this as something that increases profit or is it cost of doing business? Or how do you think about how this goes? 
Steve Kean: Yes. Well, Tom, go ahead.
Thomas Martin : Too early to say. But I mean, I guess my thought is that the ancillary services that come out of responsibly sourced gas pooling efforts as well as some of the certification process as we go forward. But I think right now, it's more about identifying what we can do and what we can do on a large scale in the near term and identifying ways to harness that for the market.
Operator: Our next caller is Brian Reynolds with UBS.
Brian Reynolds: Maybe to start off on capital allocation. You talked about EBITDA guidance of roughly $7.2 billion being favored to the upside versus the downside as you kind of sift through the global macro uncertainty. Curious, given the change in the global macro since the Analyst Day, have any assumptions changed around capital allocation and the buyback commentary from January? I guess, in other words, have CapEx needs been pulled forward with the GCX and PHP expansions or the potential of FID a new Permian pipe impacts Kinder's process around potential buybacks this year and next?
Steve Kean: Yes, there's been no change in the principles. We are focused on making sure we keep the balance sheet strong and that we fund available capital projects that provide good NPV, good NPV and well above our weighted average cost of capital and returning value to shareholders with the dividend increase that we're talking about today as well as share repurchases. So we do have some additional capacity given our performance. We have some additional CapEx in our forecast. We went up a little over $100 million from where we were in the budget. And we continue to look for those. But we're into the year a good amount now. And I think we're still confident in saying that we will have the capacity even with the opportunities coming forward, we'll still have additional capacity beyond that. David, anything you want to add?
David Michels : No, I think you covered it.
Brian Reynolds : That's super helpful. Maybe as a follow-up on the Ruby bankruptcy proceedings. Just kind of curious if you could talk about Kinder's position as it seems like there's conflicting views on either handing over the over the pipeline to the bondholders versus looking to repurpose the pipe for the long term for additional purposes and potentially at the expense of margin in the medium term. Any color would be helpful.
Steve Kean: Yes. So the overall message on Ruby is the same as it's been for a long time, which is that we are going to make decisions here that are in the best interest of KMI shareholders. We're hopeful that as we enter into this new process that we're going to be able to work out reasonable resolutions. We continue to operate the pipeline and believe that's what makes sense in the longer term. And I think you just have to separate out rhetoric in the courtroom from reality here. And so we'll continue to work in a constructive way with our counterparties.
Operator: Our next caller is Chase Mulvehill with Bank of America.
Chase Mulvehill : I guess, first question, I just wanted to come back to the natural gas egress discussion around the Permian. I think many investors thought that you'd probably see an announcement alongside today's results for brownfield expansions of GCX in Permian Highway. It does obviously sound like it's moving along, but I don't know if you'd be willing to kind of provide maybe your thoughts around timing of when something could get officially sanctioned here. And then you said 18 months, kind of, I guess, to get in service with sanction, are you ordering any long lead time items that could possibly move things up inside of 18 months. And then last 1 is just opportunities to expand or do expansions outside of kind of 42-inch pipes. Do you see any opportunities there?
Steve Kean: I'll start and ask Tom to correct anything I get wrong here. But we're not yet talking about timing. I think it's fair to say the market is very interested and they see the wall coming in terms of capacity constrain, and so that has turned up the heat and turned up the volume on commercial discussions. And because of the time frame that's required in the timeframe and the speed to market that we're able to offer, we like our chances very much in this discussion, but we're not going to project a particular time. It didn't come alongside the announcement today because we get contracts before we go. And so we're working on that and we're working fast and hard on that. I'm not going to talk about specific commitments, but I'll just say that we've been -- obviously, we've not been ignoring the supply chain challenges in the marketplace. And so we've made what we believe are appropriate mitigation steps to mitigate that risk for us.
Chase Mulvehill : Okay. And any changes to when you think this bottleneck really festers in the Permian. I think you said last earnings call, you said year-end '23. Is that kind of still the timeline of when you expect to see a bottleneck? 
Thomas Martin: I think sooner, early -- later this year, begins in early '23 I mean you can look at just the financial basis markets and it gives you some insight into 2023, appearing to be more towards the train wreck than it is today. So yes, absolute need egress as soon as we can out of that basin.
Chase Mulvehill : Okay. Last 1 on repurposing assets. Could you talk about opportunities that you see to repurpose some of your underutilized assets? And then do you think this could be more near-term opportunities or really just really long-term opportunities you see to repurpose assets?
Steve Kean: We don't have -- there's 1 project I can think of where we are actively looking at repurposing. It's not a huge part. I don't think you should count it as a huge part of our commercial activity right now, but it's something that we continue to evaluate.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides : We're a year and 2 months removed or so from Uri. Can you talk about what customers across the board, whether producers, utilities, power generators, whatever, or saying to you in terms of storage rates, meaning gas storage rates the tenor of new gas storage contracts and whether there's a physical need for expansion of gas storage capacity. 
Steve Kean: A good question. Tom Martin.
Thomas Martin : Yes. No, a lot of discussion in that area, and we have seen on contract renewals and a significant expansion on especially multi-cycle storage rates especially in Texas, but I would say really across the whole footprint. And I think there are opportunities to expand our storage facilities, especially in Texas we're taking a hard look at doing that. And there seems to be a lot of interest in it. So on both the power customers as well as local distribution customers, especially in Canada, Texas. I might add to our acquisition of Stagecoach was quite timely as well, kind of right in the middle of this whole trend. And as Steve said earlier, we're performing well over our acquisition model assumption on that asset and especially as we integrate that with our Tennessee asset as well.
Michael Lapides: Got it. That's super helpful. Just curious, when you get a -- and I know it's going to vary by site, obviously. But when you get a customer or a series of customers interested in having you expand your existing gas storage facility, how should we think about just the process and the timeline to actually physically be able to do so? 
Thomas Martin : Yes. I mean it depends on what kind of an expansion we're talking about if it's adding withdrawal capability or compression to add injection flexibility, that's probably 2-year time line. So maybe slightly longer if you're talking about leaching additional caverns. Again, it depends if it's a brownfield type opportunity or a greenfield opportunity. But I think that's generally, I would say, the timeline I would think about as we talk about expansion opportunities.
Michael Lapides : Got it. And then 1 last 1 and I hate to do back-to-back here, but a different topic. Just curious how you're thinking about growth in the Haynesville from here after a pretty solid start to the year, kind of what you think the trajectory is? And whether you think Haynesville takeaway towards the Gulf Coast starts to get tight and whether you guys play a role in that? 
Thomas Martin : Yes. So we've certainly seen tremendous growth year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter in our gathering assets, I mean about 300,000 a day quarter-over-quarter, and we're forecasting upwards of 0.5 Bcf a day year-over-year, full year forecast '22 versus '21. Yes, and you're absolutely right. I mean I think as that growth accelerates not only on our asset but other assets and in the basin egress out is going to become more critical. I think there are some expansion projects that are probably more economical than an incremental greenfield. But I think we expect those to fill and there will be a need for incremental greenfield expansions out of that area as well, especially pointed towards the Gulf Coast for LNG exports. So we certainly are looking at that. I don't have anything that we're anywhere close to talking more about today, but we certainly see that as a potential opportunity.
Operator: Keith Stanley with Wolfe Research.
Keith Stanley : I had 2 quick follow-ups. First, Steve, you talked to the Elba expansion potential maybe a long shot, but can you give an update on Gulf LNG as an export facility? I think it's fully permitted. Is that a project that's made any progress and any efforts there? 
Steve Kean: Yes. As we've talked about in the past, we have a regas customer at that location who is paying for that capacity. Obviously, in today's market, that's not in high use, not in use generally at all, but we have a customer and they're a paying customer, and they reserve the capacity and we made a deal. Now we will work with that customer to see if there's something that would allow us to bring the potential for a brownfield liquefaction opportunity forward, but we don't have anything to announce there today.
Keith Stanley : Second one, sorry, another Permian expansion question, but a little different, I guess, than your usual business model. But since it's less capital intensive, how do you think about contract durations for Permian Gas Pipeline expansion. Are you willing to go less than the 10 years you've historically targeted or maybe not even fully contracted? 
Steve Kean: Yes. No. I mean, I think we're thinking a minimum of 10 years, and we'll plan to sell all of this capacity. I think the market wants it. I think, like, honestly, we maybe will be oversubscribed. So I think it's a good opportunity fully sell the project out, both projects.
Operator: Becca Followill with U.S. Capital Advisors.
Becca Followill : Sorry, another Permian one. I acknowledge in your comments, Steve, about that you're preparing for some of these items that you might need. Do you feel like that there is sufficient compression that either you have on hand or have ordered that you could do both of these expansions within 18 months, assuming that you FID them? 
Steve Kean: Yes. Again, we're reluctant -- this -- we're very -- in a very competitive situation, Becca. I think what is fair to say is what I said, which is we're prepared.
Becca Followill : The second 1 is on a new Permian pipe. Just in light of the Nationwide Permit 12 process that's underway, do you feel like you could build a new pipe under that under NWP 12? Or do you feel like you would need to get individual water body crossings?
Steve Kean: Yes. So it's, first of all, really important on the -- and I know you're not asking about the compression expansions on this question. But one of the great things about these are that they are very permit-light, right? It's getting an air permit under a permit by rule arrangement at the TCEQ. We think we can avoid issues that would otherwise trigger a more active Federal review by the core or anyone else. There's some good mitigation built into our plans to avoid endangered species to open water crossings, et cetera. So we've got all that worked out. Your bigger question, though, Nationwide 12 has been open to attack and it's been attacked. There's a process underway right now at the Federal level, where a lot of open-ended questions are being asked about should we change this? Should we change that? Should we change the other thing? So there is some uncertainty around Nationwide 12 right now. No doubt about it. Hopefully, that uncertainty resolves itself as we get closer to needing to use it for something like a big new greenfield pipeline expansion, but we are to be safe, evaluating in other context with smaller projects where we may be using Nationwide 12 evaluating how we could get individual permits if need be. Now for the most part, what the core will point you toward is Nationwide 12. That's what it's there for, use that. But if we were -- it's only prudent for us to evaluate if you end up in a problem there to have a plan B. And so we're developing those plan Bs. 
Operator: And at this time, I am showing no further questions in the queue.
Steve Kean : Great. Thank you very much. Have a good afternoon.
Operator: And thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may go ahead and disconnect at this time.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-19 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. If you have any objectives, you may disconnect at this time. All lines have been placed in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today’s call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Missy. Before we begin, I’d like to remind you that, as usual, KMI’s earnings release today and this call include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosures on forward-looking statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release as well as review our latest filings with the SEC for important material assumptions, expectations and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking statements. Now to kick this off, the beginning of a New Year, I believe is a good time to take stock of where KMI stands as an investment opportunity for its present and potential shareholders. Whether you look at the results for the fourth quarter of 2021, the full year ‘21 or our budget outlook for 2022, which we released in December, it’s apparent that this company produces substantial cash flow under almost any circumstances. In my judgment, this is the bedrock for valuation, because it gives us the ability to fund all our capital needs out of recurring cash flow. As I’ve stressed so many times, we can use that cash to maintain a solid balance sheet, invest in selected high-return expansion CapEx opportunities, pay a very rewarding and growing dividend and buyback shares on an opportunistic basis. But I believe there is more of the story than that. While we demonstrated by assets that we acquired during 2021 that we are participating meaningfully in the coming energy transition, it’s also become apparent, particularly over the last several months that this transition will be longer and more complicated than many originally expected. In short, there is a long runway for fossil fuels and especially natural gas. Investing in the energy sector has been very lucrative recently with the energy sector, the best performing sector of the S&P 500 during 2021. We expect that favorable view to continue in 2022 and the year has started out that way. Within the energy segment, I would argue that midstream pipelines are a good way of playing this trend. They generally have less volatility and less commodity exposure than upstream and most have solid and growing cash flow underpinned by contracts to a large extent with their shippers. We believe KMI is a particularly good fit for investors. We are living within our cash flow. We paid down over $12 billion in debt since 2016, and 2022 marks the fifth consecutive year we have increased our dividend, growing it over those years from $0.50 per share to $1.11 per share. In addition to returning value to our shareholders through our dividend, our Board has approved a substantial opportunistic buyback program, which we have the financial firepower to execute on during this year if we so choose. Finally, this is a company run by shareholders, for shareholders with our Board and management owning about 13% of the company. I hope and trust you will keep these factors I have mentioned in mind when making investment decisions about our stock over the coming year, more to come on all these subjects at our Investor Day Conference next Wednesday. And with that, I will turn it over to Steve.
Steven Kean: Okay. Thank you. I will give you a brief look back on what we accomplished in 2021 and touch on capital allocation principles before turning it over to Kim and David and then we will take your questions. As is usually the case on this call, which comes the week before our comprehensive investor conference, we will defer to next week some of the more in-depth and detailed questions on the 2022 budget and the outlook and business opportunities. As to 2021, we wrapped up a record year financially. Much of that was due to our outperformance in Q1 as a result of the strong performance of our assets and our people during winter storm Uri. Putting Uri aside, we were running a bit shy at plan in the full year guidance that we were giving you through our quarterly updates. But by the end of the year, we closed the gap and met our EBITDA target, even excluding Uri, but including the benefit of our Stagecoach acquisition. We also set ourselves up well for the future, getting off to a fast start in our Energy Transition Ventures business with the acquisition of Kinetrex renewable natural gas business and adding to our already largest in the industry gas storage asset portfolio with the acquisition of Stagecoach. Both of those acquisitions are outperforming our acquisition models. Third, as we will cover in detail at next week’s conference, our future looks strong. Our assets will be needed to meet growing energy needs around the world for a long time to come. And over the long-term, we can use our assets to store and transport the energy commodities of tomorrow. And we have opportunities, as we have shown you, to enter into new energy transition opportunities at attractive returns. We are entering 2022 with a solid balance sheet, including the capacity to repurchase shares with well-positioned existing businesses and with an attractive set of capital projects. Our approach to capital allocation remains principled and consistent. First, take care of the balance sheet, which we have with our budget showing net debt to EBITDA of 4.3x, then invest in attractive return projects and businesses we know well at returns that are well in excess of our cost of capital. Our discretionary capital needs are running more in the $1 billion to $2 billion range annually and at $1.3 billion, we are at the lower end of that range in our 2022 budget, not at the $2 billion to $3 billion that we experienced in the last decade. We are also generally seeing or we are continuing to tilt, I guess, I would say, toward generally smaller sized projects that are built off of our existing network and we can do those at very attractive returns and with less execution risk. The final step in the process is return the excess cash to shareholders in the form of an increasing and well-covered dividend, that’s $1.11 for 2022 and in the form of share repurchases. As we said in our 2022 budget guidance release in December, we expect to have $750 million of balance sheet capacity for attractive opportunities, including opportunistic share repurchases. Given the current lower capital spending environment, we are now experiencing we would expect to have the capacity to repurchase shares even if we add some investment opportunities as the year proceeds in the form of additional projects, et cetera. As we have always emphasized when discussing repurchases, we will be opportunistic, not programmatic.  We believe the winners in our sector will have strong balance sheets, invest wisely in new opportunities to add to the value of the firm, have low cost operations that are safe and environmentally sound and the ability to get things done in difficult circumstances. We are proud of our team and our culture. And as always, we will evolve to meet the challenges and opportunities in the years ahead. With that, I’ll turn it over to Kim.
Kimberly Dang: Okay. Thanks, Dave. Alright. Starting with our natural gas business unit for the quarter, transport volumes were down 3% or approximately 1.1 million dekatherms per day versus the fourth quarter 2020 that was driven primarily by continued decline in Rockies production, the pipeline outage on EPNG and FEP contract expirations, which were offset somewhat by increased LNG deliveries and PHP and service volumes. Physical deliveries to LNG facilities off of our pipeline averaged about 5 million dekatherms per day, that’s a 33% increase versus the fourth quarter of ‘20. Our market share of LNG deliveries remains around 50%. Exports to Mexico were down in the quarter when compared to the fourth quarter of 2020 as a result of third-party pipeline capacity recently added to the market. Overall, deliveries to power plants were up slightly, at least in part, partially driven by coal supply issues, while LDC deliveries were down as a result of lower heating degree days. Our natural gas gathering volumes were up 6% in the quarter. For gathering volumes though, I think the more informative comparison is the sequential quarter. So compared with the third quarter of this year, volumes were up 7%, with a big increase in Haynesville volumes, which were up 19% and Bakken volumes, which were up 9%. Volumes in the Eagle Ford increased slightly. In our products pipeline segment, refined product volumes were up 9% for the quarter versus the fourth quarter of 2020. Compared to pre-pandemic levels using the fourth quarter ‘19 as a reference point, road fuel, ethylene and diesel were down about 2% and jet was down 22%. In Q3, road fuels were down 3% versus the pre-pandemic number. So, we did see a slight improvement. Crude and condensate volumes were down 3% in the quarter versus the fourth quarter of ‘20. Sequential volumes were down approximately 1%, with a reduction in Eagle Ford volumes, partially offset by an increase in the Bakken. If you strip out HH pipeline volumes from our Bakken numbers and that pipeline is impacted by alternative egress options and you look only at our Bakken gathering volumes, they were up 7%. In our Terminals business segment, our liquids utilization percentage remains high at 93%. If you exclude tanks out of service for required inspection, utilization is approximately 97%. Our rack business, which serves consumer domestic demand, is up nicely versus Q4 of ‘20 and also up versus pre-pandemic levels. Our hub facilities, primarily Houston and New York, are driven more by refinery runs, international trade and blending dynamics are also up versus the Q4 of ‘20. But those terminals are still down versus pre-pandemic levels. We have seen some green shoots in our marine tanker business, with all 16 vessels currently sailing under firm contracts. On the bulk side volumes increased by 8% and that was driven by coal and bulk volumes are up 2% versus the fourth quarter of ‘19. In our CO2 segment, crude volumes were down 4%, CO2 volumes were down 13% and NGL volumes were down 1%. On price, we didn’t see the benefit of increasing prices on our weighted average crude price due to the hedges we put in place in prior periods when prices were lower. However, we did benefit from higher prices on our NGL and CO2 volumes. For the year versus our budget, crude volumes and price were better than budget, CO2 volumes and price were better than budget, and NGL price was better than budget. So, a good year for our CO2 segment relative to our expectations and CO2 volumes have started the year above our ‘22 plan. As Steve said, we had a very nice year. We ended approximately $1 billion better on DCF and $1.1 billion better than our EBITDA with respect to our EBITDA budget. And most of that was due to the outperformance attributable to winter storm or all of it was due to the outperformance attributable to winter storm Uri. If you strip out the impact of the storm and you strip out roughly $60 million in pipe replacement projects that we decided to do during the year that impacts sustaining CapEx, we ended the year on plan for both EBITDA and DCF. And with that, I will turn it over to David Michels.
David Michels: Alright. Thanks, Kim. So for the fourth quarter 2021, we are declaring a dividend of $0.27 per share, which brings us to $1.08 of declared dividends for full year 2021 and that’s up 3% from the dividends declared for 2020. During the quarter, we generated revenue of $4.4 billion, up $1.3 billion from the fourth quarter of 2020. That’s largely up due to higher commodity prices, which also increased our cost of sales in the businesses where we purchase and sell commodities. Revenue less cost of sales or gross margin was up $107 million. We generated net income to KMI of $637 million, up 5% from the fourth quarter of 2020. Adjusted net income, which excludes certain items, was up – was $609 million, up 1% from last year and adjusted EPS was $0.27 in line with last year. Moving on to our segment performance versus Q4 of 2020, our natural gas segment was up driven by contributions from Stagecoach and PHP, partially offset by lower contributions from FEP where we have had contract expirations NGPL because of our partial interest sale and EPNG due to lower usage and park and loan activity. Products segment was up due to refined products volume and favorable price impacts. Our terminals segment was down driven by weakness in the Jones Act tanker business and an impact from a gain on sale of an equity interest in 2020. CO2 was down, as favorable NGL and CO2 prices were more than offset by lower CO2 and oil volumes, the oil volumes were above plan. G&A and corporate charges were higher due to larger benefit costs as well as cost savings we achieved in 2020 driven by lower activity due to the pandemic. Our JV DD&A was lower primarily due to lower contributions from the Ruby pipeline. And our sustaining capital was higher versus the fourth quarter of last year that was higher in natural gas terminals and products and that is a fairly large increase, but we were expecting the vast majority of it has – much of the spend from early in the year was pushed into later in the year. For the full year versus plan on sustaining capital, we are $72 million higher and roughly $60 million of that is due to the pipe replacement project that Kim mentioned. The total DCF of $1.093 billion or $0.48 per share is down $0.07 versus last year’s quarter and that’s mostly due to the sustaining capital. On the balance sheet, we ended the year with $31.2 billion of net debt with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 3.9x, down from 4.6x at year end 2020. Removing the non-recurring Uri contribution to EBITDA, that ratio at the end of 2021 would be 4.6x, which is in line with the budget for the year. Our net debt declined $404 million from the third quarter and it declined $828 million from the end of 2020. To reconcile the change for the quarter, we generated $1.093 billion in DCF. We spent or paid out $600 million in dividends. We spent $150 million in growth CapEx, JV contributions and acquisitions and we had a working capital source of $70 million and that explains the majority of the change for the quarter. For the year, we generated $5.460 billion of DCF. We paid out dividends of $2.4 billion. We spent $570 million on growth CapEx and JV contributions. We spent $1.053 billion on the Stagecoach and Kinetrex acquisitions. We received $413 million in proceeds from the NGPL interest sale. And we had a working capital use of approximately $530 million, and that explains the majority of the $828 million reduction in net debt for the year. And that completes the financial review, and I’ll turn it back to Steve.
Steven Kean: All right. Thanks, David. And operator, if you would come back on and we will open it up for questions, and I’ll just remind everybody on the line that as a courtesy as we have been doing for years now. As a courtesy to all the callers, we ask that you limit your questions to one and one follow-up. But if you’ve got more questions, get back in the queue, and we will come back around to you. So with that, operator, let’s open it up for questions.
Operator: Yes, sir. Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Your line is open, sir. 
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good afternoon.
Steven Kean: Good afternoon. 
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to start off with a couple of pipeline questions if we could. In the Permian, our analysis points towards mid-2024 need for more gas takeaway, and that depends on Mexico actually absorbing gas they are expected to take, which could be a swing. So just wondering your thoughts here as far as the need for new pipe and do you see that more likely to be a newbuild or have input costs move steel, labor or what have you to the point where a conversion from oil to gas could make more sense to come first. Just wondering, give and take between the two options, how you think it shakes out at this point?
Steven Kean: Okay. Good question, and I’ll ask Tom Martin to weigh in on this as well. But we are hearing from the shippers that we’re talking to the customers that we’re talking to, dates as early or time frames as early as late 2023. Now there is not time from now until then to get – actually get something done, but we’re also hearing so late 2023 or 2024. I think our starting assumption is that it really will need to be an additional newbuild pipe, which I will make clear, we’ve shown our successful ability to build those pipes, get it done even under different difficult circumstances. But as always, we’re going to be very disciplined, and we will be taking a very close look at the permitting environment and making sure that we’re getting good contractual coverage, et cetera, et cetera. So we will be disciplined. We don’t need to win the third pipe just for the sake of winning it. We’ll do it on economic terms. The difficulty of the conversion, I wouldn’t say, Jeremy, that it can’t happen, but a lot of the pipe that’s out there, while it’s not fully contracted, maybe and there is certainly in excess of prudent takeaway. There is a fair amount of work to do with existing shipper arrangements there at least that’s our perception. And so while it’s a possibility, it kind of tilts toward, we think, newbuild capacity. But Tom weigh in here.
Thomas Martin: I agree with you, Steve. I mean I think we certainly had conversations about pre-pipe conversions and I think just the complexity of managing the arrangements around the oil in conjunction with the gas side of the equation has made that pretty tough, still working those opportunities. But I think, as you said, the more likely next step is going to be a newbuild pipe. I think there are some small pockets of expansion opportunities to absorb incremental volumes, but I think the market clearly is going to need another significant pipeline greenfield build in the time frame that you alluded to.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. So even with inflation, it seems like a newbuild more likely than conversion at this point. So I just wanted to touch on that. That’s very helpful. And then shifting gears on gas as well. It seems like there is – there might be a number of, I guess, rate cases across the gas pipeline segment for this upcoming year. And just wondering at a high level, if you can kind of talk through abounds of outcomes or how you are thinking about those as it feeds into your guidance for the year? I imagine the Analyst Day would have a lot of gory detail there, but just wondering if you could provide us any other thoughts at this juncture?
Steven Kean: Yes. We think we’ve adequately accommodated that in our outlook. There are a number of discussions going on, as you alluded to. A couple of them are on – and I’m talking about things where we have obligations, for example, to file the cost, revenue studies or where we have an existing rate case. Two of them are on joint venture pipeline. So while the cost and revenue study are engaged with our customers on NGPL that we own 37.5% of an FGT, Energy Transfer as the operator there. They are deep into the settlement process, have a filed settlement. That’s a 50-50 pipe for us. But then we have cost and revenue study that was due late last year on El Paso, that’s still very early stages. And then working with our customers on we’re kind of combining CIG and WIC here together. But – so that’s the set of pipes that are affected. But we think we’ve got good discussions underway with shippers. And while no outcomes are final yet, I think we’ve adequately accommodated it.
Jeremy Tonet: That’s helpful. I’ll get back in the queue. Thanks.
Steven Kean: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Colton Bean with Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Company. Your line is open.
Colton Bean: Good afternoon. Appreciate the earlier thoughts on capital allocation. I would just love to follow-up there on the balance sheet component. You have the existing target of 4.5x, but it looks like you’ll undershoot this year. We’ve also seen the broader midstream group trending lower with many of the large caps now looking at something below 4x. So, can you update us on how you think about the appropriate financial leverage for KMI and any factors that might cause you to shift that mark?
Steven Kean: Sure. I’ll start and David Michels, you discuss as well. So we believe that the 4.5x is still appropriate. If you look at where we really rate, we rate a little better than BBB flat. And that’s a function of the composition of our business and our cash flows, significant long-haul transmission pipe assets and storage assets that are under long-term contracts with fixed reservation fees and the like. When you look at the composition of our cash flows, and we will go into this into some more detail, the take-or-pay plus fee-based plus hedged, I mean we have, I think, a very attractive profile of the underpinning for those cash flows. And so we think that, that’s appropriate. It is nice to have a little capacity under that this year at the 4.3x as you alluded. But David, anything else you wanted to add?
David Michels: Yes. In addition to what you just covered, Steve, Colton, we regularly look at if we were to lower our leverage level, if that were to achieve or to result in a meaningful reduction in our cost of capital, in the current markets, we don’t see that – we don’t see a lower, a meaningfully lower cost of capital if we were to lower our longer-term target level. That may change in the future, but as of right now, that plays into it as well. So I think Steve’s points are the right ones to keep in mind. We’re comfortable given our many credit factors, scale, business mix, diversification, contracted cash flows that are predictable. We’re comfortable with that longer-term leverage level. But as Steve mentioned, we do see some value and having some cushion underneath it.
Colton Bean: Got it. Appreciate that detail. And maybe just back on natural gas. On the RSG supply aggregation strategy, is that a service that you view as helping attract volumes to the KMI system or something you may be able to monetize in its own right whether that’s through tariff surcharges, marketing or something similar?
Steven Kean: Yes. We think it’s a product that increasingly the market is attracted to. We have done several of these deals with responsibly sourced gas. We have filed at the FERC to set up some paper pooling points for people to ship on our system with responsibly sourced gas. And so there is a lot of focus on lowering methane emissions and low methane emissions gas is an attractive proposition to our customers. It is a value add we think. I don’t know that you really – you’re not really seeing that much in terms of pricing. But in the longer-term, it could be a value-added service. But we think we’re given the market what it wants here in that form. And I think all the work that we’ve done to keep our methane emissions low over – really over decades now since the ‘90s, we’ve been working on this. We see that as value add and our customers tell us it is. And so I think this is a trend that we’re at the beginning of and expect to continue to see grow over time and to have a role to participate in it. Tom, anything you wanted to add?
Thomas Martin: No, Steve, I think you covered it well. I mean we do believe this is kind of the beginning of the trend here, and we will be looking for opportunities to expand what we’re doing or proposing to do a – filing to do on TGP. We will look for opportunities to expand that on our other assets as well.
Steven Kean: We have gotten a lot of questions and people and concerns about exactly how it’s going to operate. And so we will be working with our shippers on trying to come up with an approach that that gets as many people as possible on board with it. So, we are in – we expect it to go through, but we’re in kind of early stages.
Colton Bean: Thanks for the time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jean Ann Salisbury with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hi. Do you see the past quarter kind of the trough for your Permian gas pipe utilization which obviously came on during the third quarter, and that’s kind of the last new pipe in the queue? So will your pipes kind of reflate over the next year or two?
Steven Kean: We’ve had some variances depending on weather and where people want to go with the gas that they have. But generally, Tom, our GCX and PHP have been operating pretty close to capacity, right?
Thomas Martin: That’s correct. Yes.
Jean Ann Salisbury: I think I meant actually more on some of the other ones that perhaps you were like fully take or pay on.
Steven Kean: Yes. Yes. So we also serve out of the Permian as egress out of the Permian, our NGPL system, and also EPNG. We did see some volume reduction on EPNG because we’ve had to reduce activity on our Line 2000 following an accident on that pipeline earlier in the year. And as we put on our electronic [indiscernible], we are in the process of doing some additional in-line inspection on that line now. And so it’s going to be out for a few months but we will ultimately safely restore that pipeline to service and the market does want that capacity. So I have a little concern that we will be able to place that. I don’t know if I’d use the term trough, but I think if you’re looking at downturn, that’s probably what you’re seeing.
Jean Ann Salisbury: All right. That makes sense. And then just to kind of stay on the Permian topic. There is obviously a lot of gas flaring in the Permian in 2019 when we last turn out of gas takeaway. In the Bakken, we’re hearing that E&Ps are kind of committed to not increasing flaring this time around. You kind of hear that from a lot of the Permian E&Ps as well, but it feels like if that were true, you’d see a little bit more hustle around getting a gas solution in place for 2024. So I was wondering if you could kind of just square that for me, is it like some are determined not just flare but some are not?
Steven Kean: Yes. So I think – there are two things that I think have changed since 2019, Jean, and one is that. People are not interested in flaring gas, and there is increasing pressure even if you might otherwise elect to, there is increasing pressure from the regulator to not do it. And so flaring is just far less acceptable. Not that it was ever fully acceptable. But you know what I mean, in degree of scrutiny – far greater scrutiny on it now and both inside these companies primarily but also from regulators. The second thing that’s changed, and it’s an important thing, too, is that the gas was less valuable as a stand-alone commodity in 2019. And it was almost like to get the oil out people are just looking for some place to put the gas, right? And we’re even willing to flare it in the absence of an acceptable takeaway alternative. I think this is valuable gas. And I think people are going to want to find a home for it in a pipeline and take away and monetize that for their shareholders. So we’ve seen a change in the tolerance for flaring and also a change in the value of the commodity that was previously flared.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Great. That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Keith Stanley from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Keith Stanley: Hi, good afternoon. I wanted to start on the 2022 growth CapEx, the $1.3 billion is a little higher, I think, than expected compared to the backlog of $1.6 billion over a few years. Is it fair to think you added a fair amount of incremental projects since the last quarter. Any color on what that might be? And I guess I’m particularly focused on RNG and how you might be spending money in that business this year?
Steven Kean: Yes. And we will, again, Keith, will give you more detail on this when we get to next week, but I think over $800 million of that $1.3 billion was what was already in our backlog, not necessarily all for ‘22, but for 2022 and subsequent periods. And we do have some expectation as the market has gotten strong and volumes have grown that there will be some need for additional G&P CapEx but also natural gas. Now natural gas is – yes, natural gas. And we do have some placeholder dollars in for potential additional RNG opportunities that we put in the budget. But beyond that, I’ll ask you to pull off until you see our details when we get to next week.
Keith Stanley: Great, thanks. And sorry to beat a dead horse on the potential new Permian gas pipeline. Can you just give an update on, I guess, appetite you’re hearing from producers for 10-year type of contracts on a potential new pipeline? And then I don’t think you said, but what’s the soonest you think you could complete a new pipeline if you moved forward today as of now?
Steven Kean: I’ll take the last one and Tom, I’d ask you to cover the first one. In terms of timing, PHP took 27 months from FID to in-service. And I think it’s reasonable to expect that this will take that long or longer just as a result of permitting uncertainty and the like. But – so I think the 27 months, maybe a little plus is kind of a reasonable time frame to think about. And Tom, do you want to talk about the appetite for the long-term takeaway contracts?
Thomas Martin: Yes. I mean I think the market understands that it’s a minimum of 10 years to support a project at the scale. And I think the overall, the market understands and believes there may even be another pipe needed down the road. And so I think from a terminal value perspective that kind of makes sense. But I think I can’t speak to whether they enjoy the taste of that 10 year kind of, but I mean, I think the market understands it. And I think given that there is likely to be more infrastructure needed in the longer term, I think that makes sense to the market as a whole.
Steven Kean: And again, we will be, as you expect, keep very focused on risk-adjusted returns here as we think about this project.
Keith Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Spiro Dounis with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Spiro Dounis: Hi. Happy New Year. First question is just on natural gas fundamentals and tied somewhat into some of these questions we are hearing on Permian pipelines. I guess if we look back at the last 2 years or so, the downturn associated in gas basins really created a lot of breathing room for the Haynesville and Appalachia. We have seen that evidence in some growth here. But I guess as we look forward, right, in some of these comments what we are hearing is associated gas is back, right? We are seeing a pretty strong recovery in these basins as evidenced by the prospects for Permian Pass. It seems like that time line keeps moving up a little bit. And just curious, as you sort of think about the call on gas-directed basins going forward, is associated gas a risk here again, could that time some of the progress and growth we have seen so far?
Steven Kean: Yes. I will focus on the Haynesville, which is of course, where we are – where we have gathering assets. Really, I think producers have been disciplined about getting back into the Haynesville. I think they still are, but they are back and we have a very good system there, meaning that we have got room to run on the capacity that’s already in the ground, if you will, and relatively capital-efficient investments to add additional throughput to that 2 Bcf a day system at kind of the max. How the give and take plays out precisely between associated gas and dry gas, always that’s – always a dynamic to keep track of. I think we are looking at two new LNG facilities coming online here in early 2022. We are setting new records. Kim mentioned the 33% that we saw year-over-year on LNG volumes. U.S. LNG is still a very attractive value proposition to world energy markets and those facilities have been doing – those developers have been doing a good job of getting those out – getting those under contract. So, we still see the demand side of that picture is pulling hard on both associated gas and dry gas. Tom, anything else you want to add?
Thomas Martin: Steve, I think you covered it. I mean I do think that, that is those two items are the biggest changes from kind of the last time we saw a major growth in associated gas is that the export market is really pulling on this as well as LNG in Mexico. And then the other factor is capital discipline, I think from the producer community that’s also, I think a key determinant in how the timing of these additional volumes come online.
Spiro Dounis: Got it. Thanks Steve. Thanks Tom. Second question, I want to come back to the $750 million of cash flow available for share repurchases. I know you said opportunistic which makes sense. But just curious I think you could remind us and how to think about trigger point on when you deploy that cash for buybacks. Is it a yield metric you are looking at? And just how you are thinking about it? And maybe outside of that how you are ranking alterative highest invest uses for that excess cash. I noticed in this press release, I think you used the phrase attractive opportunities in your commentary as well. I don’t think that was a phrase you used in December. And so hate to nitpick here, but just curious, since December [Technical Difficulty] that weren’t there before and how you are weighing those against buybacks?
Steven Kean: No. I don’t recall a language change, but I think it worked to us. No, I mean we have always thought about this as capacity that’s available for attractive opportunities, including share repurchases. And that’s how we still think about it. In terms of how we look at share repurchases and look at other opportunities, and we look at them on a risk-adjusted return basis. And so there is – there are a number of considerations there. But what we look at is obviously the dividends that we are taking off the table. We look at a terminal value assumption assuming no multiple expansion and then we look at variations on that last in terms of the terminal value, and we make a decision based on a risk-adjusted basis. And so in the share repurchase, obviously, you are, for sure, taking the share count down and taking shares out of the denominator and leaving your cash flows that you are producing available to a smaller group of outstanding shares. When you are looking at a project, you are going to be looking at a lot of things like, well, what is the permitting risk here, what is the cost risk here, what’s the terminal value on that, and this is sort of a single-shot investment as opposed to purchasing shares in an existing diversified solid, stable company. And so we – there is – obviously, there is some weighing back and forth and discussion back and forth on how you get to that. But we try to do it in a disciplined way based on returns.
Spiro Dounis: Got it. Thanks for the color, Steve. Look forward to seeing you guys next week.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Sollecito [ph] with Barclays. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good afternoon. So, I wanted to start on Stagecoach. I was wondering if you could comment on the integration there. I know you mentioned the assets have been running ahead of your model. But just wondering, as you think about ‘22 budget, what’s factored in as far as some of the commercial synergies that you have talked about versus what might be upside as we look a little further out?
Steven Kean: Yes. So, we have fully integrated the assets commercially. And at this point, operationally, maybe a little bit of transition on control room still ongoing there. But really fully integrated and especially pointing out the commercial part of it. I mean there are some things that we had assumed we would be able to do in the model that we have been able to do and actually do a little bit better. That’s what leaves us slightly above our acquisition model. We think there is more of that to come. We baked what we see realistically for 2022 in our ‘22 guidance. And down the road, I think we will continue to find more. Tom?
Thomas Martin: No, I think you covered a well, Steve I mean, it’s gone very well. The integration with not only the asset and portfolio, but with our TGP business as well, I think we anticipated some synergies there. I think we are seeing more. And I think green shoots for more to come as we go forward.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Appreciate the color there. And then similar to the discussion earlier on the Permian gas takeaway outlook. I was wondering if you could share your latest thoughts on the Bakken gas takeaway picture. I know a couple of years ago, you are working on a potential solution with some partners that would utilize some of your Rockies pipes. So, just wondering where that stands today.
Steven Kean: Tom?
Thomas Martin: We are still working that opportunity. Nothing really new to report at this time. It’s still in the earlier stages. And I think we will continue to try to progress that opportunity.
Unidentified Analyst: I appreciate the time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Lapides: Hi guys. Thank you for taking my question. Just curious, trying to think a little bit about the impacts of Omicron in this quarter and really the cadence during the quarter. When you look at refined products volumes relative to what your expectations were, can you just talk a little bit and obviously, some seasonality plays into it. How refined products volumes kind of appeared in the latter portion of the quarter and maybe entering into January versus kind of the October period when Omicron was not really on the radar screen?
Steven Kean: Right. Dax, I will ask you and then John to talk about that from the perspective of each of your businesses. You go first, Dax.
Dax Sanders: Yes. I would say not – probably not a huge impact. I mean one thing that I think one of the most salient pieces of data if you compare where we were in the fourth quarter compared to the prior year, we were 9% above, as Kim said. We were 10% above the prior year for the year-to-date. But if you look at December only, these were 15% above. So, as we exited the year, it was – we saw some pretty positive momentum. So, we saw a little bit – we saw a little bit maybe – a little bit more downside on jet fuel, but combined, it was pretty positive. So, that’s the way we saw the year exit. We didn’t really see a meaningful downside.
Steven Kean: Okay. And John?
John Schlosser: Sure. No meaningful impact. Q4, December, we saw very strong rack volumes. We were up 15.5%. So, coming into January, we have only got a couple of weeks of data points, but our Midwest volumes are up 2% on a year-over-year basis. Our Jefferson Street Truck Rack in Houston is up 9%. The only weakness we are seeing is in our Northeast facilities, which are down 5%, but net-net, we are up 1% on a year-over-year. Down slightly to budget, but I think more of that has to do with the two bad snowstorms that we have had in the Midwest and in the Northeast, more so than the Omicron impact.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, guys. Much appreciated, and look forward to next week’s information.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Reynolds with UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Reynolds: Hi. Good evening everyone and thanks for taking my question. I am just trying to square away some of these Permian nat-gas pipe comments and time line commentary. Just wondering if there is a limited appetite for flaring value in natural gas in the 24-month build time, does this simply imply that there is a slowing in Permian growth at the year-end ‘23, or is there a scenario that we could see potentially more flaring from private versus public to get through this period of tightness? Thanks.
Steven Kean: Yes. Tom, do you want to talk about that?
Thomas Martin: Yes. I mean I think there are limitations as to how quickly a new project could be brought into service. So, I think the producers will manage the development of their volumes carefully with that in mind to minimize flaring. But I mean it may end up being more of a factor than they desire to be based on the economics.
Brian Reynolds: Great. Thanks. And as a follow-up, just on the RSG supply aggregation pooling system, just curious if you could talk about how you look to expand that across the system and if that’s something that you could also expand into the KMI’s Permian nat-gas pipes as well? Thanks.
Steven Kean: Yes, Tom, why don’t you talk to that?
Thomas Martin: Yes. So, I mean, again, based on the traction that we get on TGP, I think that will give us a lot of guidance as to where we go next and pursue other pipelines to deploy the same concept. But clearly, the market is asking for this type of service and especially the export market, LNG especially, I think the domestic market will catch up. And so I would think the natural candidates would be additional pipes that serve export opportunities would be – those would be sort of additional opportunities that we consider going forward. But I think we view this one as the first sort of first case and we will use depending on how well it goes and how quickly it takes off, use that as sort of a blueprint as to how we go forward.
Brian Reynolds: Great. That’s it for me. Thanks for taking my question and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Timm Schneider with Citi. Your line is open.
Timm Schneider: Yes. Good afternoon. Quick question, a higher level question for you as you are kind of the largest or one of the largest players in midstream land here, how challenging or maybe not challenging has it been kind of threading the needle with respect to capital allocation. What I am getting at here is you can kind of have four buckets, right? CapEx, M&A, balance sheet, dividend, buybacks. Obviously, the narrative has been very much buyback driven and stocks have been rewarded for that. But how do you kind of think about maybe not even short cycle type of CapEx but longer cycle type of CapEx that maybe doesn’t have an immediate return that could be larger capital outlays, but maybe the right thing for Kinder Morgan and for others, for that matter, to kind of spend money on now to position it for a place, I guess along the energy value chain down the future?
Steven Kean: Yes, good question. So, we have been kind of a broken record on this. I mean there have been times when people want to see backlog build, there have been times when people want to see dividend build times, when want to see share repurchase, etcetera. What we try to do is be consistent and principled about how we look at it and do it in a way that’s going to be most valuable for our shareholders. And we think that the order of operations that we have repeated again and again is the right one. Make sure the balance sheet is strong. We have gotten there to make sure that we sanction the projects that add to the value of the firm that give us returns that are well above our weighted average cost of capital. The commentary I gave there was we kind of been at the low end of our $1 billion to $2 billion that we talked about. And we have kind of been tilting more towards smaller projects that are on our existing footprint that have nice returns and lower risk building off of your existing footprint. But anyway, you go through those. And then with the excess cash, you look to return to shareholders in the form of a dividend that’s well covered and then share repurchases. Now to your question on how do you look at something that maybe adds to the value of the firm over the longer term, I will point you to an example, a real-life example from last year of how we have looked at that. We do think that renewables while our assets are going to be needed in the service that they are in for a very, very long time, there is no question that there is more growth available in the renewable sector. But we have been, again, disciplined about how we have entered into that, make sure that we understand what we are looking at and dealing with here and that it’s going to produce a really attractive return for our investors and that we have got a good line of sight. We are not building it based on some hockey stick projection. Instead, we were looking at in the acquisition of Kinetrex which is the example I am referring to a good existing platform business that had three shovel-ready projects under contract already and with an EPC contract in place. And so, we felt very comfortable bringing that to our investors, bringing it to our Board and bringing it to our investors and saying, look, this is a nice example of how we are looking at something that it is going to be a year or 2 years down the road before you see this turn into a really attractive multiple, but we have a really defined line of sight on that. And so I think that’s a reasonable way to think about how we will approach this and not, for example, to just say, we think solar is going to be great. And even though we don’t know a whole lot about it, we are going to pile in. That’s really not the way we have traditionally done things. And I think we have shown you how we are looking at these, and we have been consistent in our messaging about we want to be able to demonstrate attractive returns to our investors as we enter these businesses.
Rich Kinder: I would just add to what Steve said. Really, the primary objective of this management team and our Board is to be really good stewards of this enormous amount of cash flow that we are generating. And so it’s an art, not a science, but we weigh all of these things in making what we believe are disciplined, good decisions about where to allocate this capital. That’s probably the most important single thing we wrestle with every day.
Timm Schneider: Alright. Thank you. I appreciate it. That’s all I had.
Operator: Thank you. I am showing no further questions in the queue at this time.
Rich Kinder: Well, thank you all very much and have a good evening. Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude today’s conference. You may disconnect at this time and thank you for joining.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-20 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the quarterly earnings conference call. Your lines have been placed on a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. [Operator Instructions]. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. Sir, you may begin.
Richard Kinder: Thank you, Michelle. Before we begin, I would like to remind you as we always do, that KMI 's earnings release today in this call include forward-looking statements within the meeting of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read disclosures on forward-looking statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release, as well as review our latest filings with the SEC, for important material, assumptions, expectations, and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking statements. Now every quarter, I open this call by talking about our financial philosophy at Kinder Morgan. I always mention strong and consistent cash flow and explain how we use that cash flow to play -- to pay a healthy and growing dividend, internally fund our expansion Capex needs, keep our balance sheet strong and opportunistically buyback our shares. I believe our shareholders understand and appreciate the strength of our cash flow even if there are various -- varied positions on what we should do with it. But in a broader sense, if we examine what owning a share of KMI really amounts to, I've come to believe, as the largest shareholder, that we are receiving a very good and growing yield on our investment, while at the same time getting amazing optionality on future developments. Let me explain that optionality. We have entered the energy transition field with what I consider to be solid investments that Steve and the team will discuss further, and our cash flow gives us the ability to pursue those opportunities in size, if and only if the investments achieve a satisfactory return. And I believe that if we so desire, we will be able to attract new partners at a time of our choosing, whether it's public or private, to participate in those opportunities with us on terms favorable to KMI. I also firmly believe that there is still a long runway for fossil fuels around the world, particularly for natural gas. If you read carefully the latest studies from the IEA, OPEC, and for various other energy experts, you will see projections that fossil fuels will continue to supply the majority of our energy needs for at least the next quarter century and that natural gas will be at the forefront of fulfilling those needs. If these projections are anywhere close to accurate, a company like Kinder Morgan with significant free cash flow will find significant opportunities to invest in this core business, where we have substantial expertise and a huge network that can be expanded and extended. So, this is another option that you receive as a KMI shareholder. I would add that the events of this fall throughout Europe, Asia, and North America demonstrate that the transition to renewables is going to be a lot longer and more difficult than many of its proponents originally thought. In short, while the world makes the transition, the lights need to stay on, homes need to be heated, and our industrial production needs to be sustained. Finally, we always have the option of returning dollars to our shareholders through selective stock repurchases in addition to the healthy return we're providing through our dividend. This is why I say that an investment in KMI provides you with a nice locked-in return with this dividend and then provides really good optionality for the future. And with that, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steven Kean: All right. Thanks, Rich. I'll give you an overview of our business and the current environment for our sector as we see it, then our President, Kim Dang, will cover the outlook and segment updates. Our CFO, David Michels, will take you through the financials and then we'll take your questions. Our financial principles remain the same. First, maintaining a strong balance sheet. A strong balance sheet helps us withstand setbacks and enables us to take advantage of opportunities. Over the last two years, we've seen both sides of that coin coming into 2020. We were better than our leverage target, and that helped us when we were hit with the pandemic-related downturn. Then this year, we saw the other side, where our extra capacity created as a result of our outperformance in the first quarter, gave us the ability to take advantage of two acquisition opportunities. We see both of those acquisitions is adding value in the firm. Second, we are maintaining our capital discipline through our elevated return criteria, a good track record of execution and by self-funding our investments. We are also maintaining our cost discipline. We have always been lean, but last year at this time, we were completing an evaluation of how we were organized and how we could work even more efficiently. We implemented changes resulting in an estimated full-year run rate efficiencies of about $100 million a year. In that effort, we were aiming for something beyond efficiency, greater effectiveness, and we can see that coming through in the functions we centralized under the leadership of our Chief Operating Officer, James Holland. We are already seeing the benefits in project management and other functions. Finally, we're returning value to shareholders with the year-over-year dividend increase to a $1.08 annualized, providing an increase, but well covered dividend. Strong balance sheet, capital and cost discipline, returning value to shareholders, those are the principles we operate by and we have done so regardless of what is in fashion at the moment. We have accomplished some important work so far in 2021, which I believe will lead to long-term distinction. First, we're having a record year financially attributable to our outperformance in the first quarter. We've continued to execute well on our projects with our two interstate gas group projects coming in ahead of schedule, as noted in the press release, and we have continued to find new opportunities with a small net increase in our backlog this quarter. Second, we completed the two important acquisitions, the larger ones, Stagecoach, showing our confidence in the long-term value of our natural gas business and taking our total operated storage capacity to 700 BCF. We believe in the long-term value of flexibility and deliverability in the gas business that was demonstrated last winter, and we're seeing it with the recent tightening in the natural gas markets here and abroad and in our rates on storage renewals. Third, we've continued to advance the ball on the ongoing evolution and energy markets and in our ESG performance. As things stand today, 69% of our backlog is in support of low-carbon infrastructure. That includes natural gas, of course. But it also includes $250 million of organic projects supporting renewable diesel in our products and terminals business units, and our renewable natural gas projects. Repurposing and building assets at our current terminal locations to support the energy sources of the future. Importantly, too, that 69% is projected to come in at a weighted average 3.6 times EBITDA multiple of the expansion capital spend. So, we're getting attractive returns on these investments. Further, our gas team has now concluded three responsibly sourced gas transactions. Those are low emissions along the chain from the producer through our transmission and storage business. We will soon be publishing our ESG report, including both Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. We have incorporated ESG reporting and risk management into our existing management processes and the report will explain how. In the meantime, Sustainalytics has us ranked number one in our sector for how we manage ESG risk and two other ratings services have us in the top ten. This is increasingly a point of distinction with our investors, our regulators, and our customers. With all of this, our projects, these commercial transactions at our ESG reporting and risk management, we continue to advance the ball on ESG and the evolution and energy markets without sacrificing returns. We continue to focus on the G governance in ESG as well. These things are all important to our long-term success, and we have advanced the ball significantly on all three in 2021. We believe the winners in our sector will have strong balance sheets, low-cost operations that are safe and environmentally sound, and the ability to get things done in difficult circumstances. As always, we will evolve to meet the challenges and opportunities. And with that, I'll turn it over to Kim.
Kimberly Dang: Okay. Thanks, Steve. And so, I'm going to start with the natural gas business unit for the quarter. Transport volumes were up about 3%, approximately 1.1 million dekatherms per day versus the third quarter of 2020, and that was driven primarily by increased LNG deliveries and the PHP and service. And then it was -- some of those increases were somewhat offset by declines on our West pipes due to the declining Rockies production, pipeline outages, and contract explorations. Physical deliveries to LNG facilities off of our pipelines average 5.1 million dekatherms per day. That's a 3.3 million dekatherm per day increase versus the third quarter of 2020 when there were a lot of canceled cargoes. Our market share of deliveries to LNG facilities was approximately 50%. Exports to Mexico were down in the quarter when compared to the second quarter of '20, as a result of a new third-party pipeline capacity added during the quarter. Overall, deliveries to power plants were down as you might expect, with the higher natural gas prices. Our natural gas gathering volumes were down about 4% in the quarter compared to the third quarter of '20. But for gathering volumes, I think the more informative comparison is the sequential quarter. So, compared to the second quarter of this year, volumes were up 5% with nice increases in the Eagle Ford and the Haynesville volumes, which were up 12% and 8% respectively. In our Products Pipeline segment, refined product volumes were up 12% for the quarter versus the third quarter of 2020. And compared to the pre-pandemic levels which we use the third quarter of 2019 as a reference point. World fuels were down about 3%, and jet fuel was down about 21%. You might remember that in the second quarter, road fuels were basically flat versus the pre-pandemic number. So, we did see some impact of the Delta Variant during the quarter. Crude and condensate volumes were down about 7% in the quarter versus the third quarter of 2020. And sequentially, they were down about 4%. In our Terminals business segment, our liquids utilization presented remains high at 94%, if you exclude tanks out of service for required inspections, utilization is approximately 97% our Iraq business, which serves consumer domestic demand, are up nicely versus the third quarter of 20, but they are down about 5% versus pre-pandemic levels. Now if you exclude some loss business and Iraq closure, so trying to get volumes on an apples-to-apples basis, volumes on our rack terminal slightly exceeded pre-pandemic levels. Our hub facilities in Houston and New York, which are more driven by refinery runs, international trade and blending dynamics have shown less recovery that are rack terminals versus the pre -pandemic levels. In our marine tanker business, we continue to experience weakness, however, we've recently seen increased customer interest. On the bulk side, volumes were up 19%. Very nicely driven by coal, steel, and Petco. Bulk volumes overall are still down about 3% versus 2019 on an apples-to-apples comparison. But if you just look at coal, steel and Petco on a combined basis, they're essentially flat to pre -pandemic levels. In our CO2 segment, crude volumes were down about 6%. CO2 volumes were down about 5%, but NGL volumes were up 7%. On price, we didn't see a benefit from the increase in crude price due to the hedges we put in place in prior periods when crude prices were lower. We do however, expect to benefit from higher crude prices in future periods on our unhedged barrels, and as we lay on additional hedges in the current price environment. We did see NGL price benefit in the quarter as we tend to have less of these volumes. Compared to our budget, we're currently anticipating that both oil volumes and CO2 volumes will exceed budget, as well as oil NCL and CO2 prices. Better oil production is primarily driven by reduced decline in the base production and better project performance at SACROC. So overall, we're seeing increased natural gas transport volumes primarily from LNG exports, seeing increased gas gathering volumes in the Eagle Ford and the Haynesville on a sequential basis. Product volumes are recovering versus 2020. However, road fuels were down about 3% versus pre -pandemic levels versus flat with pre -pandemic levels last quarter, as we less likely saw an impact from the Delta variant. Versus our budget, CO2, crude oil production is outperforming and we're getting some nice howl on price. We're still experiencing weakness in our Jones Act tankers and the bulk and it's been a little slower than we anticipated in bringing on new wells. But our producer customers have indicated that they're -- that they'll continue bringing on new production, with some wells being pushed into 2020. With that, I will turn it over to David.
David Michels: Okay. Thanks, Kim. So, for the third quarter of 2021, we're declaring a dividend of $0.27 per share, which is a $1.08 annualized and 3% up from the third quarter of last year. This quarter we generated revenues of 3.8 billion up 905 million from the third quarter of 2020. We had an associated increase in cost of sales with an increase there of 904 million, both of those increases driven by higher commodity prices versus last year. Our net income for the quarter was 495 million, up 9% from the third quarter of '20, and our adjusted earnings per share was $0.22 up $0.01 from last year. Moving onto our segment in distributable cash flow performance. Our natural gas segment was up $8 million for the quarter. Incremental contributions from Stagecoach and PHP were partially offset by lower contributions from FEP where we've had contract explorations and lower usage and park and loan activity on our EPNG system. The product segment was up $11 million driven by continued refined product volume recovery, partially offset by some lower crude volumes in the Bakken. Terminals segment was down 13 million driven by weakness in our Jones Act tanker business, partially offset by the continued refined product recovery volume exceeding volume recovery we've seen there. Our G&A and corporate charges were higher by $28 million due to lower capital spend resulting in less capitalized G&A this quarter versus a year ago, as well as cost savings we experienced in 2020, as a result of the pandemic. Those are partially offset by cost-savings we experienced this year due to our organizational efficiency efforts, as well as lower non-cash pension expenses this year versus last. Our JV DD&A was lower by $30 million primarily due to lower contributions from Ruby Pipeline. Interest expenses, favorable $15 million driven mostly by lower debt balance of this year versus last year. Our cash taxes were a favorable $37 million, and that was due -- mostly due to 2020 payments of taxes that were deferred in the second quarter into the third quarter. So, the full year cash taxes are expected to be just slightly unfavorable to 2020 and slightly favorable to our budget. Sustaining capital was unfavorable this quarter, $64 million driven by spending in our natural gas segment. And that's only slightly more than we budgeted for the quarter, though for the full year, we expect to be about $65 million higher than budget, with most of that variance coming into fourth quarter. Total BCF of $1.13 billion or $0.44 per share is down $0.04 from last year. Our full-year guidance is consistent with what we provided last quarter, with DCS at $5.4 billion and EBITDA at $7.9 billion. Moving on to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter at 4.0 times net debt to adjusted EBITDA, and we expect to end the year at 4.0 times as well. This level of benefits from the largely non-recurring EBITDA generated during the first quarter, during the winter storm urea event. And our long-term leverage target of around 4.5 times has not changed. Our net debt ended the quarter at 31.6 billion down 424 million from year-end and up 1.423 billion from the end of the second quarter. To reconcile that change in net debt, for the quarter, we generated 1,000,013,000,000 of BCF. We paid out dividends of 600 million. We've closed the Stagecoach and Kinetrex acquisitions, which collectively were 1.5 billion. We spent 150 million on growth Capex and JV contributions. And we had a working capital use of $175 million mostly interest expense payments in the quarter. And that explains the majority of the change for the quarter. For the change from year-end, we generated 4.367 billion of DCF. Paid out $1.8 billion of dividends, we spent 450 million in growth Capex and JV contributions. We had the $1.5 billion Stagecoach and Kinetrex acquisitions, the 413 come in on the NGTL sale, and we've had a working capital use of $600 million, mostly interest expense payments. And that explains the majority of the change year-to-date, and that completes the financial review. Back to Steve.
Steven Kean: Okay. We'll open it up for questions now and as we usually do, we'll ask you to limit your questions to an initial question and one follow-up. And then if you have more, get back into queue and we will get around to you. Michelle?
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions]. One moment, please, for the first question. Shneur Gershuni from UBS. You may go ahead, sir.
Shneur Gershuni: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone.
Steven Kean: Good afternoon.
Shneur Gershuni: Maybe let's start off a little bit here. You've been very active the last few quarters on the acquisition in capital front with respect to RNG, renewable diesel, and so forth, sort of expanding on your energy transition plan. You've added to the backlog and so forth, like there have been fewer updates on the carbon capture side. A lot of companies and peers that made some major announcements recently to have models on carbon capture and sequestration. Is Kinder planning to pursue carbon capture as aggressively as some of these announcements that we've seen? Just wondering if you can sort of give us an update on kind of the strategy you're approaching. You talked about some commercial arrangements last time, just some broader thoughts if you may.
Steven Kean: Sure. Yes, we are involved in and pursuing carbon capture opportunities. I won't express those in terms of comparisons to others and the announcements they've made. I want to be really clear about this. We view this as an attractive opportunity, but it will take some time to develop. And I think that's important to understand. The 45Q tax credits, as they were finalized at the beginning of this year, do make economic certain investments, primarily related to capturing the flu stream off of ethanol facilities and gas processing facilities and primarily those in West Texas, which are adjacent to our existing CO2 infrastructure. So, there are some things to work through here, and let me give you a few examples. One is you have to get the underground injection permits, that's a long drawn-out process today, that should get shortened up in Texas, in particular. In the legislature last time, they gave the Railroad Commission primacy on that. They have to go apply for that at EPA, but that'll shorten up the process from a five- or six-year process to something much more brisk, I would think. And then the other thing to think about is just the pipe itself. So, the pipe, it's more -- much more efficient, far more efficient to move CO2 in liquid form. That requires high pressure, special purpose pipe, which we have, 2,000 TSI through the pipe. That's not something that you can achieve with a repurposed oil or gas pipe. Now, we've looked at this and we think it is, and for certain applications, particularly smaller volumes, shorter distances, there are potentially some repurpose opportunities. I think the break-even cut off there, it's like 350 a day or less, in order to make that more attractive. But otherwise, you need some specialized facilities to move it efficiently and to inject it into the ground. And so, we think we've got an advantage in that. We've got to get the permitting shortened up, and we got to get customers who are nearby our infrastructure in the boat, if you will. But it's not a tomorrow thing, it's probably not a next year thing. It's something that's going to take a little bit of time to develop, but we are in active conversations.
Shneur Gershuni: Great. Appreciate the color there, Steve. Maybe for a follow-up question. Given the challenges with securing natural gas by many customers during which you’re sort of hearing during the first quarter, you’ve got higher gas prices right now as well also. Are you seeing interested or actual contracting activity around your system, say in Haynesville, or any of your pipeline and storage assets more broadly where we can see some potential growth where you sort of take this spot environment that's pretty juicy right now and sort of convert it to some longer-term contracts?
Steven Kean: Yeah, we've signed up some incremental business in Texas and we have also been able to, particularly on our flexible storage. We have seen rate increases, pretty good rate increases because I think everybody got a bit of a wakeup call on the underlying value of storage and we are working on additional incremental business. We have talked publicly with regulators and others about a project that would add additional delivery capability in the state of Texas that would help support more power and human needs, loads, even outside of what is really our current more active market area. But we think too that we're seeing that really across the country, that as things tighten up in these markets, people are putting value as they should, put value on firm deliverability and let's face it. Supply hasn't quite kept pace with demand, particularly as export demand has grown, power demands come off a little bit, as Kim mentioned, but it's fairly strong and industrial demand is strong. Residential commercial is seasonal, but the demand has outstripped supply and the producers are working on it, but it hasn't come back as fast as it came back, for example, when we merged out of the 2015, 2016 downturn. So, the value of deliverability, firm deliverability as you get more intermittent resources in the generation stack, as people look at winter coming, as people look at the experience we just had, we think that that's going to be attractive and we're seeing that in real transactions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Spiro Dounis, from Credit Suisse.
Spiro Dounis: Hey, Good afternoon, everybody. Steve, I asked you about gas macro last time, and didn't think I'd ever ask you again, but here we are at $5 to $6 gas. And so, it seems like a lot of change since August. So, would just love refresh thoughts on that front in terms of what you think is going to take to kind of normalize prices here. To your point, we haven't really seen that supply response yet. What do you think that's going to take? What are producers telling you they need to see and when? And then alternatively, Kim, you mentioned that some of the power plants have taken less deliveries because of the higher pricing. Is demand destruction something we need to worry about at these price levels?
Steven Kean: Okay. Let's start with the first one on the gas macro, and I'll call in Tom to fill in on this here. As Kim mentioned, we are starting to see some sequential improvement -- sequential quarter Q2 to Q3, and there’s about – been a lot more lively conversation, I think, with producers who are bringing some rigs in and starting to share some development plans. We've had some timing shifts in the Bakken, as Kim mentioned. But generally speaking, I think it's the case that producers are responding, but again, not responding as quickly as they did in the last downturn. And as many have reported, you're seeing the publicly traded producers continue to be exceedingly disciplined about coming back in. They're enjoying the higher prices, but not responding as much out of the concern about capital discipline. However, I think something on the order of half of the rigs in the Permian now are owned by private players. And so, the supply will come back, whichever capital source drives it. It's just been coming back a little bit slower. Tom?
Thomas Martin: I think you covered it well.
Steven Kean: Okay. And then on the -- you want to talk about power demand at current pricing?
Thomas Martin: Yes. I mean, we have seen some degradation in power demand due to higher gas prices, but not as much as you would expect and certainly not what we have seen in prior years. And then a lot of that has to do with full retirements and just the need to backfill renewable power on an intermittent basis. And so, again, a slight decrease, but not significant and we still see, as Steve said, power customers wanting to sign up for services to firm up their gas-fired power capabilities on a longer-term basis. I think that all looks good for the future.
Spiro Dounis: Great. That's helpful color. Second one, just maybe getting your latest thoughts around capital spending going forward kind of on a multiyear basis. Historically, you guys have talked about $2billion to $3 billion spending in any given year. And then, of course, with the pandemic and the slowdown, I think that fell to sort of $1 billion or less, was the new number. But since then, we've seen the outlook kind of dramatically improve, especially when you consider a lot of the energy transition opportunities in front of you that Rich mentioned earlier. And so just wondering, how do you think about an appropriate level of growth CapEx or M&A spending, however you want to think about it going forward, that sort of keeps you within your target leverage and also allows you to grow the dividend?
Steven Kean: Yes. So when we sort of adjusted the outlook from 2 to 3 to something lower. We adjusted it to 1 to 2, and we still think that that's a pretty good estimate. And this year, we ended up on the expansion capital front under $1 billion, as you I mentioned, so we're at about $800 million for this year. And look, this is a function of kind of what – what kind of activity there is out there. A lot of the -- some of the new origination did come in, the renewable diesel area and the renewable natural gas areas we talked about earlier. But we continue to have 53%, I think, of our backlog is for natural gas. And so we still think the one to two is about right. I think it is 2 points here. One, really big mega-projects, it's no secret to anybody, those are harder to permit and build. But a lot -- on the other hand, a lot of the growth is on the Texas and Louisiana Gulf Coast, the growth in gas demand that we expect. And we're just starting to hear a little bit more from Permian players about the need for another pipeline. They don't need it right now, but their timeframe on when it might be needed out of the Permian has moved up a bit. And so those discussions aren't very advanced. It's just kind of a function of current prices in both crude, and to some extent natural gas. But really huge projects I think are probably not as likely to get done or permitted. And so, we think the one the two is still probably about right, building off our existing network at attractive returns.
Richard Kinder: And let me just emphasize, as Steve said so many times that we're going to be very disciplined in this approach to spending capital. Make certain that these are satisfactory returns. And I agree with the kind of range Steve is talking about but as we've explained, we have a lot of uses for our capital and we're going to be very judicious about how we use it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet from JP Morgan. You may go ahead, sir.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good afternoon.
Steven Kean: Good afternoon.
Jeremy Tonet: I want to touch on carbon capture a bit more here and just wanted to get your thoughts on how you think this can unfold. And do you think that the hub concept is really needed to move forward efficiently, what the University of Houston and RISE (ph.) in Colombia have discussed in their papers, or do you think that stand-alone projects on carbon capture can move forward by themselves?
Steven Kean: Well, we're exploring the standalone projects. I mean, we're open to discussing other -- or larger opportunities as well, and perhaps -- given that we know how to build, own, operate CO2 pipe, perhaps participating in the transport piece of [Indiscernible]. But, again, for all the reasons I've said before, I think there's a lot of wood to chop before we see those bigger projects come through. Jesse, anything you want to add there?
Jesse Arenivas: No, I agree. I think the standalone probably we quicker, you just have multiple party that have to come together to get it on the hub concept.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful there. And then as far as it relates to what Kinder could do going forward, do you see it mostly just organic growth off your footprint or do you see kind of the two projects that already have commercial backing and moving forward that are servicing ethanol production in the CO2 off that in the upper Midwest? is that the type of thing that Kinder could get involved with or just sticking to your own asset base?
Steven Kean: Again, in carbon capture here. Yeah. We've looked at -- we've looked at some and again, I just want to emphasize, look, I think carbon capture and sequestration, if we're going to meet climate objectives over the long term, is going to have to be part of the picture. And some work is going to have to be done there. But I'm just trying to set expectations at a rational level at how quickly we think that's likely to unfold and where we think the first projects to get done. And so, there's a focus on our existing network, but we have had discussions with people off the network about the potential to capture and sequester carbon those. Thanks, are still in early stages, but there are things that we would explore if the returns were good.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Michael Blum from Wells Fargo. You may go ahead, sir.
Michael Blum: Thanks. Good afternoon, everyone. I wanted to go back to Rich, your opening comments, you referenced potentially, I think private investors perhaps partnering with you to invest in the business. Can you just expand on that comment? Are you sort of suggesting public markets may or may not be there so you might be looking at other sources of capital?
Richard Kinder: No, what I'm saying is that we think we're creating real value as we move towards critical mass in our energy transition ventures group. And at some point, at the time of our choosing when we feel we have critical mass and still have significant growth opportunities, which we think are there in spades. Then I was saying that we believe, and the Board believes that we would have the opportunity to partner with public or private ownership on terms that we think will be very favorable to us. We think this is a platform that deserves and will receive a lot of investment interest when it gets to be the appropriate time.
Michael Blum: Okay. Got it. Thank you for that. Totally changing gears. I wanted to ask a little bit about the EOR business, just given the increase in oil prices, I guess. Have you been able to lock in higher-priced hedges going forward, and are you thinking about that business any differently in terms of allocation of capital, given the higher prices.
David Michels: Yeah. We continue to layer on favorable hedges. Last quarter, we've been able to really lift the backend of our hedge profile. So that's a positive that we are seeing some organic growth within our existing assets as prices increase. So, we think that will continue.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tristan Richardson from Truist Securities. You may go ahead, sir.
Tristan Richardson: Hi, good afternoon. Just to follow-up on the gas s storage comments and your commentary there on positive signs of renewals. Could you just generally frame up for us where contracted capacity is today or relative to nameplate or capacity available today for potential customers that as you say, are waking up to the value proposition of gas storage?
Steven Kean: Well, you got to think of it in several buckets. 1, I mentioned that if we got it under contract, we are looking at a storage expansion opportunity, specifically in Texas. We have storage that's rolling off and renewing every year. We try to keep that fully under contract or pretty fully under contract as that happens. We're expecting -- well, we are seeing and we're expecting we will continue to see those values improve. But I want to make -- prove that point about the bucketing here. Really flexible storage, like we have about 30 or 40 BCF of that in our Texas intrastate business. Stagecoach is a pretty flexible storage asset as well. That's where the value is really appreciating the most. If you think about some of our shorter-term storage related services like park and loan in a backward dated market, there's not as much opportunity to park gas for customers. And so that shorter-term business gets a little more limited. But in the aggregate and in the overall outlook, storage is becoming more valuable in our judgment. And that's what made -- and we're seeing that and it's also what made the acquisition opportunity, which was somewhat fortuitous, but made it attractive to us.
Tristan Richardson: Helpful. Thanks, Steven. And then switching gears, a small piece of business. But can you talk a little bit about the bulk business and being closer back towards 2019 levels? Can you talk about just some of the dynamics we're seeing with all commodity inflation and supply dislocation? You see some of this backdrop is as -- a positive, tailwind from both businesses, either on the pricing side or the capacity utilization side?
Steven Kean: John Slasher.
John Schlosser: Sure. We see most of the growth in the coal area where we were up 40% on the quarter and in the steel area where we're up 38%, which kind of mirrors what you're seeing from an international standpoint. U.S. production was up 39% and exports were up 45%. So, we've been following along to that. We're back at our pure nine facility, which is where the predominance of our export business is on the COO back to 2019 levels as we stand today.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Keith Stanley from Wolfe Research. Sir, you may go ahead.
Keith Stanley: Hi. Good afternoon. So, having closed the Kinetrex steel now, can you just give an update on I guess the opportunities that you see in RNG, and whether you think that'll be a significant part of your capital plan over the next several years, either through acquisitions and or organic growth? And then relatedly, can you just talk to any progress or developments in the voluntary market that you're seeing as you try to term out rent exposure, there?
Steven Kean: Sure. So Kinetrex, the three projects, as I believe Kim mentioned, that they -- that came with the deal, if you will. Those were all under contract -- under EPC contract, et cetera, at the time that we closed. That's been kicked off. Those are on track. In terms of the opportunity set, there are hundreds of landfill opportunities, but there are other competitive players out there. We think we bring some scale to that business. The returns are attractive. The capital commitment is 25 million to 40 million essentially per installation. I guess what I'd say, Keith, is that it's a little early to tell right now when and how much. We're keeping a very close eye on it. There's a lot of interest, there's shadow backlog, if you will, customer discussions underway on a significant number of additional landfills, but there's work to be done commercially and all of that from here to there. But it's very economic and we've got some scale we believe to help commercialize this, maybe more quickly than others. Optimistic, but hard to quantify the win and the -- the win and the how much right now. The voluntary market we have good, real conversations with real counterparties who are interested in buying in the voluntary market, that means without the RINS value and without the RINS volatility. And -- but at very nice returns that are -- that would locked in. And so, I think that market is real because of the ESG commitment and the [Indiscernible] commitments that people are making. Their interest in doing -- using renewable natural gas is strong. And so is the interest in the transport market. I mean, when you think about the technological and economic barriers of electrifying heavy-duty trucking, compressed natural gas, and even LNG is an attractive alternative that helps some of the big fleet operators meet their climate objectives and do so at attractive prices. And the other thing I would mention is we sell our RINS not quite exactly at the time we generate them but we've pretty much sold our RINS inventory for the year and at prices that are better than what we had in the acquisition model.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Chase Mulvehill from Bank of America.
Chase Mulvehill: Hey, good afternoon. I guess the first question is really around LNG. You've got 2Bs a day coming online for LNG exports over the next 12 or 18 months with [Indiscernible] surpassing. It says that -- Could you maybe walk through how you think this is going to impact your transport volume, and then if you're going to get some pull-through on the G&P side. I know that you said you got about 50% market share, so should we expect about 50% market share on the incremental 2Bs that come online over the next 12 to 18 months?
Thomas Martin: Yeah, I mean, so we do have incremental projects that we're serving. We don't have contracts with both of those facilities but we certainly have a lot of business with Cheniere and as their capacity grows, we certainly have commitments to grow with them. We do have other projects that we are in active discussions --on projects that we believe will be FID probably sometime next year. And we think we'll get our share of that capability as well, then that doesn't end our back log right now.
Chase Mulvehill: Okay. All right. And then one follow-up, just sticking on the LNG thing and thinking about LNG in response resource natural gas. Are you having LNG operator's request response resource natural gas as a feedstock? And today is actually responsibly source natural gas getting a premium out there in the market today.
Steven Kean: Now, the transactions that we've done, there hasn't been a premium to-date, but I think the interest has really escalated here of late. And the LNG customers are interested in the overall carbon content of their cargoes, and that includes methane emissions. And what they would tell you and what they've told us is we're not their problems. Their problem is just making sure that they have producers who are using the right tech -- completion techniques, etc. But there is interest in that, particularly as they're trying to place cargoes in Europe --and they are very focused on it. And we are working closely with them to make sure we do our part. But it is a very much a point of interest with our LNG customers.
Operator: Our next caller is Gabe Moreen from Mizuho. You may go ahead, sir.
Gabe Moreen: Hey, good afternoon, everyone. I'll only ask 1. Cause I know everyone wants to get to the Astro Game, but around the $64 million emissions reductions project on the ship channel, I'm just curious of the evolution whether there's going to be a return on that project and also is that something I guess that's just specific to the HFC or can you take what you're doing there and apply it to some of your other hubs as well, is there interest in doing that?
Kimberly Dang: Yeah. I mean, it's a project where we've got existing vapor combustion units, and we're replacing those vapor combustion units with vapor recovery units. And so, there is an economic return. The economic return comes from, as we capture those vapors, then we can sell that product. And then the other vapor recovery unit is a little less than a tenth of combustion and so there's natural gas savings. So, there is an economic return associated with the lower cost of running the equipment and with the volumes that we're recovering. And that gets us to a nice economic return. We haven't counted anything in the return for the emissions reduction, but we are going to get a 72% reduction in the emissions from that facility on this project -- from this project.
Gabe Moreen: And Kim, you reckon to tell us -- a slight fall to that -- Is the Board starting even to put a price on CO2, implicitly when you're discussing on projects?
Kimberly Dang: We have not put a price on CO2 when we're discussing projects. It is a non-quantitative consideration. But the projects need to -- on a quantitative basis, need to clear the hurdles.
Operator: Our next caller is Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs. You may go ahead, sir.
Michael Lapides: Hey, thanks you-all for taking my questions. I have 2. First of all, can you talk a little bit about timing, for either the Permian or the Haynesville of when you might think either basin, or what your customers are saying about when either basin would need to do long haul capacity. That's question 1. Question 2, steel prices are through the roof, labor is up a good debt, how should we think about if new larger pipelines are needed for 1 or 2 basins? What cost inflation means for potential returns or potential tariff levels?
Steven Kean: Okay. Yeah, I mean, on the Permian takeaway, what we had talked about before is the need being there in 2025, call it. And now, that's probably at least, based on some conversations with customers, maybe moved up a year. Now, Michael, I just want to point out; need and contract signatures can sometimes be two different things that occurred two different points in time. And so, I think it's going to be -- we'll be having commercial discussions and we'll see whether the real commitment demand is there. And we'll see how that plays out really probably over the next year or so. Tom, on the Haynesville, in terms of the timing there?
Thomas Martin: Yeah. So, there is 1 project that is FID that will be in the market in 2023. So that will help relieve some takeaway pressure. And then we think there is a need for some expansion projects sometime in the same mid-2025 to 2028-time frame for additional BCF or so.
Steven Kean: And then on your question on steel costs and the like. Yes, they have absolutely gone up. We were looking at some information on up rolled coil, which is what goes into the pipe mill to make pipelines. That's up three necks year-over-year, it's up 90% or so year-to-date. And -- but the thing about it is that there is capacity in the world market and so we've got a current dislocation, and the view would be and you see to the extent people are willing to quote forward that it starts to come down. But any case, we've been here before in terms of needing to protect us from escalation in steel prices. We've included in past projects steel trackers, sometimes we needed them, sometimes we didn't. But -- and the other thing we're doing really across the board on materials is when we're evaluating a project for approval, we make sure to ask, has this been updated for current equipment, materials and steel prices so that we make sure that we get that priced into the deal. To your real question, don't think it is an obstacle to getting an additional long-haul hype done.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Colton Bean from Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Company. Sir, you may go ahead.
Colton Bean: Good afternoon. So just looking at Terminals, I think the release would it be for Jones Act. It was a key driver of some of the softer margins there. Are you seeing counterparties that exercise any of those renewal options, or do you expect mostly spot exposure as we look at 2022? And then just a related question, that should be expecting any additional idling to [Indiscernible] OpEx there?
Steven Kean: Okay. John?
John Schlosser: Yeah.
Steven Kean: We don't expect any additional idling. We were able to weather the storm through COVID with no impact. It hit us this year like it hit the entire industry. 25% of the capacity of roughly 45 vessels was idled at any given point this year. We had 2 that have been idled all year and rough rule of thumb is $3 million per quarter per vessel. We've been able to re-contract all of the other vessels as the year has gone on, or put them in spot for a short period of time until we were able to get those re-contracted. Our exposure, if you look kind forward into '22 is about 22% of the fleet days.
Colton Bean: I appreciate that update. And then maybe switching gears here -- just checking on a hydrogen, obviously a longer-term opportunity, but we've seen a number of pilots, and I think just this morning had a larger steel production announcement. So, are you seeing any requests for blending on the transportation network as we look out a few years?
Steven Kean: Yeah. We're having conversations with customers about that. It is as you pointed out, it's still a bit of an economic challenge. That doesn't mean it won't happen, but it does mean that you have to have something that will cover that economics like the ability to pass it through to a retail customer in a utility context, or something like that. Again, this is one of those things like [Indiscernible] that presumably will be part of the solution over the long term, but we're still in the early innings on it right now with pilots and experiments and announcements, but not -- we don't have real concrete commercial activity at this point.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Sunil Sidal from Seaport Global Securities. You may go ahead sir.
Sunil Sibal: Hi. Good afternoon, everybody. And thanks for taking my question. So, my first question was related to a clarification on your opening remarks. I think you mentioned that in the Bakken, the volume picks up has been somewhat slow. Did I hear that correctly? And if so, what in your mind changes that trend? Obviously, the commodity strip is fairly strong looking forward.
Steven Kean: Yes. So, I think that dynamic is changing in terms of producer plans to continue to adding -- to continue to add wells to our system. They are absolutely doing that and the rigs are running and they are drilling and getting the work done. I think it was just that the connections were a little slow. The wells to be put online were a little slower, than what we had anticipated for the year. But it's still, we think robust growth opportunity for those assets both on the gas and the crude side.
Sunil Sibal: Got it. So, it's just a matter of time.
Steven Kean: Yeah.
Sunil Sibal: The second question is related to the volatility we've seen in the natural gas markets and the spreads [Indiscernible] drop. I was just curious, has that kind of changed your view on the Ruby Pipeline? Obviously, some of the contracts that have ruled off. And I was curious in actually seeing the impact of this spreads widening on that pipeline, and how should we think about that asset going forward?
Steven Kean: Not particularly on Ruby. From time-to-time there's some activity there depending on what's going with the pipelines coming down -- what's going on operationally with the pipeline is coming down from Canada, but no change in our outlook there. And no change in our update on our view on Ruby, which is -- we're going to make as Kinder Morgan, an economic decision for Kinder Morgan shareholders when the debt comes due.
Operator: And sir, at this time, I am showing no further questions.
Richard Kinder: Thank you. Obviously, everybody wants to get off and watch that baseball game up in Boston. Thank you very much.
Operator: And thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may go ahead and disconnect at this time.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-21 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Kinder Morgan 's Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's call. [Operator's Instruction].  And please make sure your phone is unmuted and record your name and Company clearly, when prompted. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Richard Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Richard Kinder: Thank you, Missy. Before we begin, as usual, I'd like to remind you that KMI 's earnings released today. And this call includes forward-looking statements within the [Indiscernible] of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures.  Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosure on forward-looking statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release, as well as review our latest filings with the SEC for important material assumptions, expectations, and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking statements.  With that out of the way, let me just say that, like a broken record, each quarter I open our call with comments on the strong cash flow we're generating, and how we're using, and intend to use that cash flow. Whether you look at our cash flow for the second quarter, for year-to-date, or our projections for the full-year, it's apparent that we continue to be a strong generator of cash flow. It's also apparent that we continue to live comfortably within that cash flow.  The question investors should ask on a continuous basis is whether we are wise stewards of that cash. We have said repeatedly that we would use our funds to maintain a strong balance sheet, pay a good and growing dividend, invest in new projects or acquisitions when they met our relatively high return hurdle rates, and opportunistically repurchase our shares. This quarter, we announced two fairly significant acquisitions.  The first was our purchase of the Stagecoach natural gas storage and pipeline assets in the Northeast for approximately $1.2 billion. These assets expand our services to our customers by helping connect natural gas supply with Northeast demand areas. The acquisition is immediately accretive to our shareholders, and I believe it will be an important and profitable asset for KMI for many years to come.  Our second acquisition is to make an attractive platform investment in the rapidly growing renewable natural gas market by purchasing Kinetrex for approximately $300 million. Steve will talk about this acquisition in detail.  We believe there is a bright future for this business and other related energy transition businesses that we are exploring. Now, let me conclude with two important points. Both of these acquisitions meet our hurdle rates that I referred to earlier and both are being paid for with our internally generated cash. I believe both fit within the long-term financial strategy that I speak to each quarter, and I can assure you that our Board looks at all alternatives in a manner completely consistent with that financial strategy. And with that, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steve Kean: Okay. Thanks, Rich. I'm going to make a couple of additional comments about the two acquisitions and then turn it over to Kim and David. On the Stagecoach, storage and transportation assets drew $1.2 billion. We closed that transaction earlier this month. It adds 41 Bcf of certificated and pretty flexible working gas storage capacity and 185 miles of pipeline. We're excited about this transaction for several reasons. As we discussed in the first quarter call, we think storage value is going to increase over time.  It's value was certainly revealed during Winter Storm Uri, and we've seen that start to show up in our commercial transactions. Storage will also become more valuable as more intermittent renewable resources are added to the grid. The Stagecoach assets are well interconnected with our Tennessee Gas Pipeline system as well as other third-party systems in a part of the country that is constrained from an infrastructure standpoint, and frankly where it is difficult to get new infrastructure permitted and built.  We're excited about this transaction and believe it will pay off nicely for our shareholders. The second transaction, which we announced at the end of last week, was accomplished by our newly formed Energy Transition Ventures Group. We put that together in the first quarter of this year. We're acquiring Kinetrex, a renewable natural gas business subject to regulatory approval and a couple of other closing conditions.  At signing, Kinetrex had secured three new, signed development projects that we will build out over the next 18 months, resulting in a purchase price plus capital at a less than 6 times EBITDA multiple by the time we get to 2023. With Kinetrex, we're picking up a rare platform investment in a highly fragmented market. It gives us a nice head start on working on hundreds, if not thousands, of potential renewable natural gas project candidates in the U.S. A few more points on this deal. As several of you pointed out in your comments post announcement, the value is dependent on RIN 's value.  You don't make money on the gas sale. Now, with an important exception that I'll get to in a minute. Importantly, the particular RINs that this business generates are D3 RINs, which can be used to satisfy other RINs obligations as well. D3s are for advanced biofuels and promoting more of those in the transportation fuel market has had bipartisan support and even more support from the environmental community than conventional ethanol.  While there is some regulatory flexibility in EPA's hands, there's an underlying statutory framework, again with bipartisan support combined with widely acknowledged greenhouse gas benefits, that further protects the value of this category of RINs in particular. Having said that, we believe we will have the opportunity to mitigate our exposure to RINs pricing volatility. Based on conversations with potential customers, not signed deals yet, but conversations so far, there's significant interest in renewable natural gas in the so-called voluntary market. There are -- these are customers who are outside of the transport fuel market who are interested in reducing their carbon footprint, and we believe would transact on a long-term fixed-price basis. There are also potential customers interested in sharing the risk and reward of the RINs value. So, we will look for appropriate ways to lock in the value of the environmental attributes on attractive terms.  When we talked about our Energy Transition Ventures Group in the past, we've talked about transacting on attractive returns for our shareholders, not loss leaders and not doing things for show. This deal is a great example of that, and in the team's short existence so far, they've acted on an attractive opportunity and they continue to work on a number of other specific project opportunities. So very good progress in a short period of time. These two deals illustrate a couple of key points, broader points about our business. The larger deal, Stagecoach, is the further investment in our existing natural gas business, where we own the largest transportation and storage network in the country.  That reflects our view that our existing business will be needed for decades to come. Hydrocarbons, and especially natural gas, have very stubborn advantages and will play an essential role in meeting the growing need for energy around the world. That's something we are well positioned for with our assets. And especially considering our considerable connectivity with export markets, especially in natural gas but also in refined products. At the same time, we do see opportunities in the energy evolution. I’m putting emphasis on evolution, and we're positioning ourselves there as well. We're doing this in our base business, where our gas delivery capability provides the needed backup for renewables at far lower cost and longer duration than batteries. We're doing it in responsibly sourced, that is low methane emissions, natural gas.  We had our second such transaction this quarter. We're doing it in our refined products businesses where we handle renewable transportation fuels, and we are actively developing additional business in that part of our business as well.  The Kinetrex transaction, while relatively small, positions us to develop a new business line in the renewable energy space at attractive returns and with a bit of a head start. The takeaway from all of this is that we continue to see strong long-term value in the assets and service offerings we have today while also pivoting in an appropriate and value-creating way to the faster growing parts of the energy business. And with that, I'll turn it over to Kim.
Kimberly Dang: Okay. Thanks Steve. First, I'm going to start with our business fundamentals, and then I'll talk very high level about our forecast for the full year. Starting with the natural gas business fundamentals for the quarter, transport volumes were up 4% or approximately 1.5 dekatherms per day versus the second quarter of 2020, and that was driven primarily by LNG Mexico exports and power demand on TGP, the PHP in-service, higher industrial and LNG demand on our Texas Intrastate system, and then higher deliveries to our Elba Express LNG facility.  These increases were partially offset by lower volumes on CIG, and that's due to declines in Rockies production, and Fayetteville Express contract expirations. Physical deliveries to LNG off of our pipelines averaged approximately 5 million dekatherms per day. That's a huge increase versus the second quarter of 2020. LNG volumes also increased versus the first quarter of this year by approximately 8%. Our market share of LNG export volumes is about 48%.  Exports to Mexico were up about 20% versus the second quarter of 2020. Our share of Mexico volumes is about 54%. Overall deliveries for power plants were relatively flat. Deliveries to LDCs were down slightly, while deliveries to industrial facilities were up 4%. Our natural gas gathering volumes were down about 12% in the quarter compared to the second quarter of '20. For gathering volumes though, I think the more informative comparison is the sequential quarter. So, compared to the first quarter of this year, volumes were up about 6%.  And here we saw nice increases in Hiland volumes, which were up about 10%, and the Haynesville volumes, which reports were up about 13%. In our Product Pipeline segment, refined products were up 37% for the quarter versus the second quarter of '20. Volumes are also up about 17% versus the first quarter of this year, so we saw substantial improvement both year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter. Compared to the pre -pandemic levels, and were using the second quarter of 2019 as the reference point, road fuels, and that's gasoline and diesel combined, are essentially flat. And jet fuel is still down about 26%. Crude and condensate volumes were up 6% in the quarter, versus the second quarter of '20, and sequentially, they were up very slightly. In our Terminals business segment, our liquids utilization remains high. If you exclude the tanks out of service for the required inspections, approximately 98% of our tanks are leased.  Most of the revenue that we receive comes from fixed monthly charges we received for tanks under lease. But we do receive a marginal amount of revenue from throughput. We saw throughput increase significantly, about 22% in total on our liquids terminals, 26% if you're just looking at refined products. But that still remains a little bit below 2019 of 6% on total liquids volumes, 5% when you're just looking at gasoline and diesel. We continue to experience some weakness in our marine tanker business.  But as we said last quarter, we expect that this market will improve, but it may take until late this year as the charter activity tends to lag the underlying supply and demand fundamentals. On the bulk side, volumes increased by 23%, and that was driven by coal and steel. Mill utilization of our largest steel customer exceeded pre-pandemic levels. Coal export economics improved for both met and thermal coal. In the CO2 segment, crude volumes were down about 9%.  CO2 volumes were down about 10% year-over-year. Increased oil, and that's in NGL prices, did offset some of the volume degradation. But if you compared our budget, we're currently anticipating the oil volumes will exceed our budget by approximately 5%, and that's driven primarily by some nice performance on SACROC. CO2 volumes, we also expect to exceed our budget. So overall, we're seeing increased natural gas volumes and demand from LNG and Mexico exports, as well as industrial demand on the Gulf Coast.  We're seeing increased gathering volumes in the Bakken and the Haynesville, and nice recovery of refined products volume. Crude oil volumes are above our expectations in our CO2 segment, and we're getting some price help. We still experienced some weakness in our Jones Act tankers, and the Eagle Ford remains highly competitive. Now, let me give you a very high-level update of our full-year forecast.  As we said in the release, we're currently projecting full-year DCF of $5.4 billion. That's above the high end of the range that we gave you last quarter. The range we gave you last quarter was 5.1 to $5.3 billion. The outperformance versus the high-end of the range is driven by our Stagecoach acquisition, higher commodity prices, and better refined product volumes. And with that, I'll turn it over to David.
David Michels: All right. Thanks, Kim. For the second quarter of 2021 we're declaring a dividend of $0.27 per share, which is a $1.08 annualized, and that's up 3% from the second quarter of 2020. This quarter, we generated revenue of $3.15 billion, which is up $590 million from the second quarter of 2020. We also had higher cost of sales with an increase there of $495 million. So netting those two together, gross margin was up $95 million.  This quarter, we also took an impairment of our South Texas gathering and processing assets of $1.6 billion. So with that impact, we generated a loss -- net loss of $757 million for the quarter. Looking at adjusted earnings, which is before certain items, primarily the South Texas asset impairment this quarter and the Midstream goodwill impairment a year ago, we generated income of $516 million this quarter, up $135 million from the second quarter of 2020.  Moving onto the segment EBDA and distributable cash flow performance, natural gas -- our natural gas segment was up $48 million for the quarter. And that was up primarily due to favorable margins in our Texas Intrastate business, greater contributions from our PHP asset, which is now in service, An increase volumes on our Bakken gas gathering systems.  Partially offsetting those items were lower volumes on our South Texas and KinderHawk gathering and processing assets and lower contributions from FEP due to contract roll-offs. Our product segment was up $66 million driven by a nice recovery in refined product volume. Terminals was up $17 million, also driven by the nice refined product volume recovery, partially offset by lower utilization of our Jones Act tankers. Our CO2 segment was down $5 million due to lower crude oil CO2 volumes and some increased well work costs.  Those are partially offset by higher realized crude oil and NGL pricing. Our G&A and corporate charges were lower by $7 million. This is where we benefited from our organizational efficiency savings, as well as some lower non-cash pension expenses, partially offset by some lower capitalized G&A costs. Our JV DD&A category was lower by $27 million primarily due to Ruby. And that brings us to our adjusted EBITDA of 1.670 billion, which is 7% higher than the second quarter of 2020.  Moving below EBITDA, interest expense was $16 million favorable, driven by our lower LIBOR rates benefiting our interest rate swaps, as well as a lower debt balance and lower rates on our long-term debt. And those are partially offset by lower capitalized interest expenses versus last year. Our cash taxes for the quarter were unfavorable, $40 million mostly due to Citrus, our products southeast pipeline, and Texas margin tax deferrals, which were taken in 2020 as a result of the pandemic.  Just timing and for the full year, our cash taxes are in line with our budget. Our sustaining capital was unfavorable $51 million for the quarter, driven by higher spend in our natural gas, CO2, and terminals segments, but that higher spend is in line with what we had budgeted for the quarter. Our total DCF of $1.025 billion, is up 2% and our DCF per share of $0.45 per share, is up $0.01 from last year. On our balance sheet, we ended the quarter at 3.8 times debt to EBITDA, which is down nicely from a 4.6 times at year-end.  Kim already mentioned that we updated our full-year guidance, which now has DCF and EBITDA above the top end of the range that we provided in the first quarter. For debt to EBITDA, we expect to end the year at 4.0 times. And that includes the acquisitions of Stagecoach, which we closed on July 9th, and Kinetrex, which we expect to close in the third quarter. As a reminder that that level -- that our year-end debt to EBITDA level has the benefits of the largely non-recurring EBITDA generated during winter storm Uri earlier in the year, and our longer-term leverage target of around 4.5 times has not changed.  Onto reconciliation of our net debt. The net debt for the quarter ended at 30 billion, almost 30.2 billion, down 1.847 billion from year-end, and about $500 million down from Q1. Our net debt has now declined by over $12 billion, or about 30%, since our peak levels. To reconcile the change in the quarter in net debt, we generated 1.25 billion of DCF. We paid out approximately 600 million of dividends.  We spent approximately $100 million of growth capital and contributions to our joint ventures, and we had $175 million worth of working capital source of cash flows, primarily interest expense accrual. And that explains the majority of the change for the quarter.  For the change year-to-date, we generated $3.354 billion of distributable cash flow, we spent $1.2 billion on dividends, we've spent $300 million in growth Capex and JV contributions, we received $413 million on our partial interest sale of NGPL, and we have experienced a working capital use of approximately $425 million. And that explains the majority of the change for the year. That completes the financial review, and I will turn it back to Steve.
Steve Kean: All right. Missy(ph), let's open it up for questions. And just a reminder to everyone as a courtesy to the others on the call, we ask that you limit your questions to 1 and a follow-up, and then if you've got more, get back in the queue and we will get to you. All right? Missy(ph) let's open up.
Operator: Yes, sir. [ Operator instructions]. Please make sure that your phone is unmuted, and records your name and Company when prompted. [ Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan. Your line is open, sir.
Jeremy Tonet: Good afternoon.
Steve Kean: Good afternoon.
Jeremy Tonet: I'm going to resist the temptation to ask about CCUS, and ask about two different questions. I was just curious, I guess, with the RNG space. It seems like that's a very fragmented industry where Kinder historically has played a role in fragmented industries in being a consolidator. Do you see a similar opportunity set here?  And I guess also, it seems like there is a good amount of competition from private equity and those with very low cost of capital to go after these types of targets. Just wondering if you could talk about the competitive landscape at this point?
Steve Kean: Sure, it is a very fragmented market as you pointed out, and that does create some, I think, some good open fields running for us. There aren't as -- as I said, this is kind of a rare platform investment. We don't generally comment on M&A just because it's very hard to project results there. It's something that we'd be open to again if we can get the right returns, but we think we've got a lot of opportunity to build this business organically.  And we think what we bring to the table in terms of competitive advantage is our existing network and our existing footprint, and I would describe that not just in terms of the obvious physical assets, the pipelines and storage that we have, but also the customer access and customer contacts that we have that will enable us, I think, in some decent-sized chunks to develop and originate some additional business.  Really in both categories, the voluntary market as well as the transport market, we’ve got good project management expertise. We're actually looking at whether or not we can make some of the equipment that's being deployed in these areas. And so we think we bring a lot to the table. We're getting a good team as part of this acquisition, so we think we can expand this business, expanding it organically, and do it in a way that the returns are attractive.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful, thanks. And then maybe just shifting to the Permian and gas takeaway, just wondering if you could update us there on thoughts. It seems the capacity is loose now with PHP online, Whistler soon to be online, but if the Permian grows as some expect, there could be tightness in the next couple of years, two to three years, but I guess that timing really depends also on how much Mexican demand materializes.  And it seems like the long awaited demand started to show up here, so just wondering if you could talk about those dynamics and I guess how you see Permian gas takeaway needs evolving over time?
Steve Kean: Yes, so agree generally with your projection there. We do think that the Permian, as it continues to fill up, and it is a very active area again, as you know, that there will be a need for yet another pipe to come out of there, and both our view of it as well as third-party views that we gather on this is that's probably mid-decade, which means that you have to start the commercial conversations a couple of years or maybe a little more ahead of that. We had pretty active conversations in that arena before. We know who to talk to about it. I wouldn't characterize those as super active right now, but we think they could as we get closer to tightening up the Permian.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Shneur Gershuni, from UBS. Your line is open, sir.
Shneur Gershuni: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. Maybe I'll start off on the guidance side. I definitely appreciate the color that you just provided to Jeremy's question. But with respect to the guidance, it seems like it's raised by a couple hundred million and sort of seemed to indicating about meeting or exceeding the top end of the range.  I was wondering if you can just sort of expand on the drivers on the change. Obviously, there's the Stagecoach acquisition which you mentioned. There’s the RNG acquisition as well, but it doesn't seem to account for all of it. Is it something related to better expectations in your refined products business? Is it on the natural gas side?  I'm just curious if you can give us a little bit of color on the elements involved in the guidance update?
Kimberly Dang: Yeah. The two primary factors other than the Stagecoach acquisition are improved refined product volumes from what we've previously expected. And as we said, on the product side of the business, doal fuel is now flat with 2019 if you compare the second quarter of this year versus the second quarter of 2019.  And then the other primary driver is higher commodity prices. And I'm measuring -- those are the primary changes against the high end of the guidance of 5.3 billion.
Q – Shneur Gershuni: Okay. Great. And maybe as a follow-up question. Last quarter when you adjusted your guidance, you sort of pulled forward the Ruby recontracting and sort of – in fact I've sort of been thinking about the last 3 or 4 years, you've had like a recontracting trend in the Natural Gas segment. That's essentially resulted in lower contract ranges and so forth. It’s been about 100 million to 200 million a year drag on EBITDA.  Is that now substantially over, and so all the growth-related projects that you're talking about on the energy venture side and so forth or any of the capital growth that you spend will in fact be additive to EBITDA from this point going forward?  Just kind of curious if we're done with the recontracting resets, maybe if there's a little bit left, but is it substantially out of the way at this point?
Steve Kean: Yes. We do see it being lower post 2021. And we update that, as you know, every January when we do our investor conference, and we'll do that again. But it is -- we see it as being lower in terms of the roll off post 2021. And so the background there is, I think you know well is that 10 years ago or a little bit more, we built a number of pipelines that were kind of point-to-point pipelines, and they were built on the strength of long-term contractual commitments in a very high-basis environment.  And so, as we get to the end of those 10 or 10-plus-year contracts and they start to roll off, they're rolling off into more challenged basis environment for those particular pipes. And so, that has had the effect of masking or dampening, however, you want to see it, some of the, I think, strong underlying performance in our Natural Gas Pipeline segment.  So that's what's been going on. And as I said, I think we see that as being lower from here. In terms of your broader question, it is -- we invest all of our capital on a return. Each one stands on its own from a return standpoint. We've been getting good returns, as we show in our performance update there, very attractive returns on the capital that we've deployed.  In terms of the overall puts and takes though, there are puts and takes across a diversified asset portfolio like ours, and those puts and takes and the uncertainty around them in further out periods are hard enough to quantify around, certain enough to quantify for me to give you a specific answer to your question about base business then plus. Right? And so generally what we do is give you the best view we can of the fundamental drivers underpinning our business economically and commercially so that our investors can make their own -- come to their own expectations about that future, but we don't guide beyond the current budget year or updates to the guidance like we're giving you today.  So, we try to provide the transparency and particularly around the roll-off issue in particular, but we don't guide beyond the current year.
Shneur Gershuni: Just to clarify, so the roll-offs will continue for multiple years or are we approaching the end of it?
Steve Kean: There is still a couple of years to run, but they're very modest after you get through this year. Quite modest.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay. Got it. Okay. Perfect. Thank you very much. We really appreciate the color today.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Spiro Dounis from Credit Suisse. Your line is open, sir.
Spiro Dounis: Thank you. Afternoon, everybody. I would like to start off with Gas Macro, if we could. Would appreciate your all thoughts on the environment here and what that could mean for the near-medium term? Specifically, just curious how sustainable you think this price environment is. I'm sure you're all talking to your producers, and so curious what they're saying about their plans and activity for growth on the gas-directed side of things. And is there something incremental you could be doing here on the LNG side as well to capture even more of that market and more of that growth?
Steve Kean: The overall on gas, the macro look on gas is we remain as others do, bullish on U.S. natural gas. And I think, we see, between now and 20 years from now, updated third-party analysis see growth in that market of about 23 DCF, or almost 24%, a pretty nice long runway. And a lot of that is driven by exports. There's some industrial in there as well, but exports are a part of that picture. And for our business, we've tried to distinguish ourselves with our customers, as a storage provider and a transport provider, and a good operating partner, to be able to capture as much of that business as we can. We have a very good share of that business moving through our pipes today and we look to expand it. And the map of where those facilities are coming in is lined up very nicely with our natural gas pipeline footprint. And just to put a little more context on it, as we look at, and this is a different timeframe now, 2020 to 2030, the growth that we see in natural gas happening over that 10-year period, 80% of that is Texas and Louisiana, and a lot of that is the export market, and our assets are very well positioned for that. In terms of the current natural gas pricing and the sustainability of it, and how our producers are responding to that, I'll ask Tom to comment a bit. It's hard to predict the future, but I do think that given that demand growth seems pretty clear that we certainly going to have a tight market, at least for the intermediate term. What we're seeing here on the producer side is a measured response. I mean, definitely, we're seeing an increase in activity. The rig growth has been certainly visible, but I think there's also a strong financial disappointment we're seeing in the producer community that's I think going to make the supply-side response a bit more delayed relative to what we're seeing on the demand side. I do anticipate a fairly tight supply -demand balance here, and I hope for the next couple of years at least. And I think that means a higher price environment.
Spiro Dounis: Got it. And that's a double next time. And then if you could just go back to Kinetrex quickly, it sounds like the path forward or at least the base case is organic growth and not necessarily M&A, although I'm sure there remains an opportunity for you. And so as we're thinking about the returns on organic growth, I think the press release cited a less than 6 times fully capitalized return on this project plus the M&A. And so I think a lot of us took that to mean that, organically, you can do even better than that. And so rereading through it the right way, are these 3 to 4X return type s of projects? At some point, do those get computed away? I'm just curious how you're thinking about that component.
Steve Kean: Yeah. I don't want to get into specific returns. There is -- it is at least a potentially competitive environment out there. But the returns that we're seeing are attractive for how we look at other deployments of capital in the expansion context. And we make appropriate adjustments to those return hurdles based on the level of exposure to things like RINS, okay. We need to do better where there's more RINS exposure. And if we got secured, firm, long-term fixed prices, we can look at that a bit differently. But they are good compensatory returns, and we are happy to invest in these opportunities.
Spiro Dounis: Great. That's all I had. Thanks, Steve. Thanks [Indiscernable]
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Keith Stanley with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Keith Stanley: Sorry to beat a dead horse on Kinetrex. I just want to confirm, are there any fixed price contracts in place today for the RNG sales? And then, I guess, bigger picture, can you talk a little more about the revenue streams for the business? You mentioned the RIN s. Can you benefit from the Low Carbon Fuel Standard, just other attributes in China, better understand the business? And then last parts of that is just, I'm assuming most of the EBITDA from this business that you're buying is from RNG stills and the existing LNG business is pretty small. Is that fair?
Steve Kean: I would ask Anthony to answer.
Anthony Ashley: On the last part of that, I think currently like now, about 60% is from the RNG side of the business, and the remaining piece from LNG. Once the redevelopment plants are in service, it's closer to 90% RNG at that point in time. LNG is not decreasing over that point in time. It's just that, obviously, the RNG component is increasing. And then sorry, remind me, Keith, on your --- Yes. In order to capitalize on LCFS, you need to establish a pathway. We haven't established a pathway, so these specific facilities, they are under contract locally with a transportations provider. And MD&A internal rating the RIN s, you would have to settle that environmental attribute. Intech California established the pathway. And quite frankly, the California market has really dominated from an RNG standpoint, by really that [Indiscernable] side of the industry, because the carbon-intensity scores are much lower. And so there's a much greater benefit for the RNG so LCFS a result of that. I would tend to think of it as terms of landfill is the market for it is really is outside of the California market.
Steve Kean: And then fixed price are variable today?
Anthony Ashley: Yes. There's a certain part of the LNG uptake which is [Indiscernable] currently. The RNG that's going to be settled into the CNG market with the 3 development plans is effectively at an index price.
Keith Stanley: Got it. Thanks a lot. That was very good color. Second question, I know the first was long-winded there. You positioned it pretty well that Stagecoach adds to the core gas pipeline business, and Kinetrex gives you this platform for growth in a new and exciting area. Strategically, would you be open to maybe looking to selling down some of, call it your less core businesses, whether that's refined products pipelines and terminals crude, or other areas with less scale, as a source of funds to continue this strategy where you're putting money into the core gas business and into some of the energy ventures?
Steve Kean: We like the portfolio of assets that we have today. Having said that, we say what we always say. Everything is for sale at the right valuation. If someone can make more of a particular investment that we have than we can, then we'll consider that. If we did If -- We did a bit of a sell-down on NGPL. We continue to operate it and continue to like our position in that asset. But we got good value there, and so we do look at those things. But I think we've done a good job, particularly in John Schlosser, the terminals business; pruning assets to stay focused on the things that we really do well over the years or our hub positions and the like. And so there's not a have-to sell on anything, and we like the portfolio that we have today. But at the right price, we'll transact.
Keith Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tristan Richardson from Truist Securities. Your line is open, sir.
Tristan Richardson: Hi. Good afternoon, guys. I think it may have been pre-pandemic when you last discussed possible incremental investment in SACROC expansion that might be more chunky type of Capex. Is the municipal approvals you noted a precursor to that type of expansion that you had discussed back then, or can you remind us the potential size and scope of this project?
Steve Kean: Yeah. What we did that is talked about in the release today is we aggregated some rights to do further development. We did it in a place that is geographically adjacent to the SACROC Unit, and we got approval to incorporate it into the unit. And there's advantage to that in that we think we have good insight into the geology. By buying up the rights, we entered it in a fairly cost-effective way. And we have good facilities at SACROC that let us do economic expansions there. It's a nice opportunity for us, and we continue to look at that as well as additional incremental investments within the unit -- within the existing unit along the way. Jesse, anything you want to add?
Jesse Arenivas: I think you got it.
Steve Kean: Okay.
Tristan Richardson: Thanks, Steve. And then in an earlier question, you talked about the gas macro. But curious, maybe on the midstream side. Obviously, Kim noted that the Eagle Ford remains competitive, but clearly seeing improved activity at Hiland, does the view on Midstream accelerate in the second half based on what you're hearing from customers?
Steve Kean: You need to look asset by asset. You're right. We've got some good performance happening on Hiland. We're expecting to see some incremental performance based on the gas price dynamics that Tom mentioned in the Haynesville as well. That's come slower than what we expected, but I think it's coming. And then just overall, on the broader picture, natural gas Midstream infrastructure, our pipeline network and our storage network continues to attract good value. Coming out of the winter storm, for example, not just in Texas, but really along our system, we've successfully transacted for incremental and also attractive, that is increasing renewal rates. Particularly on our storage assets, especially in Texas, but also elsewhere on our system. It was a bit of a, I think a wake-up call to the market generally that there is real value in having that delivery flexibility, and real value in holding firm transport capacity. I think, just overall, we are seeing uplift, if you will, in that area.
Tristan Richardson: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jean Ann Salisbury with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hi. Good afternoon. I guess I will ask one on CCUS, since no one has yet. The way I understand it, the most near-term opportunity is taking CO2 from Permian processing plants and putting it into existing CO2 infrastructure for EOR. Can you give some sense of just the timing of this potential opportunity, that basically how long does it take to install the equipment and physically connect one of these plants? And what is the sense of urgency that you're hearing on this from processors?
Steve Kean: I'll start and then I'll ask Jesse to comment more specifically on the deal front. You made the right point in your opening on the question, which is that the near-term opportunity really is long existing infrastructure and primarily processing, and also ethanol plants, because the CO2 stream is pure or fairly pure there, and so it still needs to be compressed and get it into the pipe, etc. The other thing about it is the pipe itself. The CO2 moves most efficiently in a liquid state, which mean s high pressure. That's 1800 to 2200 PSI. And what that means is, you're not going to repurpose a lot of gas pipe or oil pipe for that, for example, when you tend to operate, and call it 600 psi or maybe 1,450 on the newer gas pipes. And so that has been a barrier, right? If you've got to build new heavy-wall pipe in order to get it to a place where you can sequester it, that's a barrier. EOR is a valuable application of that CO2. And so that does make that the near-term opportunity. So Having said that, I will ask Jesse to comment on the timing and current deal activities.
Jesse Arenivas: In the Permian, there are several operators that we are in discussions with currently. Timing, you're probably looking at 12-18 months if it goes into the EOR. EOR permits are in place, and you can go in, albeit at a lower credit. If it's sequestration, you're looking at much longer horizons because you'll need a Class VI well permit, which currently the EPA has authority over. And there's only a couple of these in place throughout the United States, so that's probably more of a 3-5 year timeframe in obtaining one. That's current today. But in EOR, that could be taken, I would suspect, within the next 12-18 months.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Great. And can you comment on the system urgency any further?
Jesse Arenivas: There is a lot of interest. Obviously, the credits were clarified earlier in the year, so the rules of engagement are there and the economic decisions are being made. There is a lot of interest. The moving into the FID stage in order and equipment, like I said, it's probably a good year to 18 months away.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Great. That's all for me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. Actually, two of them, and totally unrelated from each other. First of all, I know you addressed the potential need for Permian takeaway. But how are you guys thinking about the need for Haynesville [Indiscernable] takeaway, and whether you think the Haynesville is starting to get tight from basically taking it out of the basin and either to the Southeast or straight down on the Gulf? That's question one. Question two is a follow-up one. Somebody earlier asked a little bit about the asset mix and asset disposals. Steve, I think you made the comment about everything for a price. Well, where does the Elba fit into that? Because it seems like the infrastructure funds market, where others are paying pretty healthy multiples for minority stakes in LNG -- contracted LNG facilities. Just curious, is there anything that would keep Elba off that table or your stake, or do you view that as super core to the business?
Steve Kean: I'll start with Elba and I'll ask Conover to comment on Haynesville. You may recall -- actually that's, I think, predates you covering us. But we did sell down an interest in Venmo when we were post contract but still developing it. We did that. It was an attractive valuation for us and it helps share the capital burden. And so we've done that move, if you will, already. And in terms of it's -- how it fits in the overall Portfolio, it is integrated with our broader system. We have the Elba Express Pipeline which we have opportunities on as well. We have the potential to do more at Elba in terms of storage and the like, and it's interconnected with our SNG system. And so, it fits nicely within the portfolio of assets we have. Also, as you know, it's under a long-term contract with Shell, which is an attractive credit and risk profile for us, a very long-term contract with Shell. It fits very well and we did a partial sell-down earlier, as I mentioned. Tom, on the Haynesville takeaway needs.
Thomas Martin: I think given the increase in gas prices and the activity that we're seeing in the Haynesville sector, there's a real possibility that there will be additional Haynesville takeaway necessary. I think to my point that I made earlier, I think producers are really wanting to have sustainable prices at these higher levels before and they are, I think, living within their means managing their balance sheet s appropriately. I don't think the activity is definitely increasing. But I think if we see sustained gas prices and additional activity in the [Indiscernable] There will be 3-5 years, probably closer to a 3-year timeframe. There may be a need for additional capacity out of that market.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, guys. Much appreciated.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Becca Followill with U.S. Capital Advisors. Your line is open.
Becca Followill: Hi, guys. 2 questions, 1 minor. But in the non-recurring items, there's legal and environmental and other tax charges that you got it back in a 28 million, and it was 84 million in Q1, so 112 million. Can you talk about what's in there, and do you expect more of that as we go into the rest of the year?
Steve Kean: Visiting the non-recurring items, Becca.
Becca Followill: Right. And if you want, I can ask another question while you're looking that up.
Steve Kean: It's okay. Go ahead.
Becca Followill: Okay. I could already tell, then you'll shoot. The other side -- it's a variation on what Tristan asked, is to see to we've got oil prices now close to $70, which is -- probably it's pretty attractive economics, I assume, for that business. Are you anticipating maybe ramping Capex back up in that business? And is there any way to stem some of the more significant declines that we've seen of late as you had backed off on spending?
Steve Kean: Yeah, so we will continue to look at that like we always have, Becca, which is, we looked at it on an individual project basis, and we make our assumptions around crude price. It does uncover the potential for more projects to become economic. And we've got a couple that we're working on right now at both SACROC and Yates that are incremental. And so we'll continue to look for those. And we've also seen -- it's true, we are experiencing year-over-year declines in that production. But we're 5% above our plan. And that is some better performance from some of our SACROC developments, as well as a lesser decline rate than what we expected on some previous developments. And so, doing well versus our plan and continuing to invest opportunistically as we always have.
Becca Followill: Okay. Let me sneak one more in while he's looking for that number. It's just, what commodity price is exchanged in guidance now?
Kimberly Dang: $70 and 3.50. So $70 on crude and &3.50 on gas for the back half of the year.
Thomas Martin: For the balance of the year.
Becca Followill: Got you. Thank you.
David Michels: Okay. And on your questions with regard to the certain items, legal and environmental reserves that's exactly what it is, just additional legal and environmental reserves. In the first quarter, it was mostly some legal reserves with regard to a dispute that we had -- that we have outstanding. We're getting a little closer to settlements so we took a reserve there. And we also took some some reserve for incremental, environmental impact cost estimates that we have. In the second quarter, in this current quarter, it was related to a rate case reserve item that we've adjusted with, now that we have more information. And these things are hard to call and come up sporadically, so I don't think that this is something that we'd anticipate recurring on a regular basis, but they come up sporadically.
Becca Followill: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christine Cho with Barclays. Your line is open.
Christine Cho: Hi, everyone. I just have one question. Historically, you guys had included the repayments, that your equity investments, in your Capex. And as we look to 2022 and try to think about and calculate free cash flow generation, with the Ruby Pipeline debt that coming through in first half of next year, how should we be thinking about that?
David Michels: Yeah. That's right, Christine. We typically do. And we've done that in the years past where we had large known debt maturities coming due, where we knew we were going to be making a contribution for our share of that maturing debt at unconsolidated JVs. I think with the ongoing conversations that we're having with our partner at Ruby, I think the determination of what we're going to put in the budget is to be determined. But if we plan to fund our share of it, it'll be part of the use of cash that we would expect for next year.
Steve Kean: I just want to make the point here, as we've done for multiple quarters now, we are working with our partners and we will be making an economic decision on this asset.
Christine Cho: Do you have a timeframe on when exactly?
Steve Kean: We're not the only person at the table, so we can't say that.
Christine Cho: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pearce Hammond with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Pearce Hammond: Good afternoon and thanks for taking my questions. You have a great slide in your deck Slide 24 that details the current estimate to U.S. carbon capture cost with ethanol in the low-end and on the high-end natural gas and then a comparison with the 45Q tax credit. That's a helpful slide. My first question is, are you hearing anything in Washington about maybe boosting the 45Q above that $50 a ton for non-EOR?
Steve Kean: Yeah, there is some discussion around that because I think people are excited about incenting that activity, and I think people believe that part of the solution here on greenhouse gas emissions is going to have to involve continued use of hydrocarbons and also carbon capture, carbon capture just generally. And so I think there is interest in doing that and expand ing that. As Jesse pointed out, we just did get the final Regs on the 45Q and so that's out there and available to us to use today. But I think it will continue to be a part of the conversation. Now, predicting where that will come out, I will not even venture a guess.
Pearce Hammond: And then, Steve, thank you for that. And as a follow-up, I know natural gas power plants, combined cycle power plants are listed on the high end of the cost -- carbon capture costs in your graphic. But are you seeing interest, is the phone ringing, from some of the big companies like the big combined cycle power companies? Are they interested in CCS?
Steve Kean: Very preliminary conversations with one of our power customers, but I would just say very preliminary, very preliminary.
Pearce Hammond: But definitely more interest on the -- from the ethanol side?
Steve Kean: That's just more within reach on the ethanol and the gas processing side, for the reasons that you pointed out.
Pearce Hammond: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Michael Blum: Thanks. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm wondering, just in light of the acquisitions you've made this quarter, both on the Energy Transition side and obviously Stagecoach, just how you're thinking about where buybacks fit into the mix in terms of capital allocation? And clearly, this quarter it seems like you prioritized acquisition, so just want to get your thoughts on all that.
Richard Kinder: We've said repeatedly that we think we're good stewards of the cash flow we're producing. And we've said repeatedly, we want to maintain a strong balance sheet. We will look for acquisitions if they meet our targeted returns. In this case, both of these did, and we believe they're very strategic to us. We intend to continue to pay a good dividend or raising the dividend. And then we'll look opportunistically at the opportunity to repurchase shares. And we're looking at all those in concert. And so it just depends on what the opportunities are.
Michael Blum: Okay. Got it. And then I guess my other question is on Stagecoach. So you made some interesting points about why you think storage rates are going to increase over time. My question is what is your ability going to be to capture that in that asset? What does the contract position looks like roughly so that as rates do go higher, you'll able to capture that? Thanks.
Steve Kean: Yeah. So the average contract life on that asset is about 3 years. It's kind of split right now. About 50% of that is with utilities and end-users. The other 50% is predominantly producers, but includes some marketing firms as well. And so that's the general contractual timeframe. But look, we can look at doing short-term transactions and other things. A combination of TGP and that asset unlocks some other potential commercial opportunities, which are incremental to what Stagecoach could've done on a standalone basis. And the rates within -- the rates for Stagecoach services are market-based rates as well.
Michael Blum: Perfect. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: All right, thanks for let ting me speak one more, and just wanted to touch on carbon sequestration real quick. If Texas Railroad Commission is successful in say, the next year or so, getting primacy, just wondering how you think that might impact the timelines of Class 6 wells such as what happened with Wyoming and North Dakota? And do you think that the wells -- there's a greater chance that's offshore, onshore, just given offshore being more costly, but having benefits such as the rights for space, ports, what have you. I was just wondering your thoughts on sequestration development.
Steve Kean: It will shorten up the timeframe if the Texas Railroad Commission is in-charge of it. And now there's a process alluded to there. The Texas legislature in this last session did what it needed to do to set the Railroad Commission up to go seek primacy. But then they have to go put their plan together and put that on file, which could be this fall. And then I don't know how long it will take the EPA necessarily to act. But once it acts, and the Railroad Commission has control of it, I think they're going to process it very quickly. Jesse made the point earlier, the permitting process itself is today, at the EPA, is just very slow. Now, I would think that they are going to want to, as a public policy matter, speed it up anyway, right? But it's 5 or 6 years right now. That doesn't work, and so whether it's the EPA speeding itself up in order to enable more of this for its own policy objectives or whether it's the Railroad Commission getting control of it, it will get sped up. In terms of onshore versus offshore we're obviously onshore focused in the opportunity that we have. And given what our footprint of the existing pipeline network is, which is a very important consideration for the reasons I've said earlier. But, Jesse, do you have any other comments on onshore versus offshore?
Jesse Arenivas: Yeah, I agree the surface ownership rights is important, but we -- there are opportunities onshore as well, where you have common ownership. Looking at both, but more cost effective to do onshore at this point.
Steve Kean: The common ownership between the surface --
Jesse Arenivas: Surface and the middle. Yeah.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Colton Bean with Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Company. Your line is open.
Colton Bean: Thanks. Just one on my end. A lot of questions on RNG and CPS. As you look at the concentration of CO2 and biogas coming off the landfill, is there an opportunity to integrate carbon capture with landfill RNG over time?
Jesse Arenivas: Yeah. There's certainly an opportunity. It's going to be a scale issue. These RNG facilities are relatively small at the plants themselves, so depending on the growth and the size of the emission, it will be challenging. But there is an opportunity.
Colton Bean: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions in queue at this time.
Richard Kinder: We thank all of you for listening to us and have a good evening.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time. And thank you for joining.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-21 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] Your lines are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today’s conference. [Operator Instructions] It’s my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. Sir, you may begin.
Richard Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Michelle. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you as we always do, that KMI's earnings release today and this call include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosures on forward-looking statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release, as well as review our latest filings with the SEC for important material assumptions, expectations and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking statements. To kick the call off, in addition to detailing our first quarter results, we made two important announcements in our earnings release today. We've revised our full-year 2021 estimate for DCF and EBITDA substantially upward. Steve, Kim and David will explain the underpinnings of that change. We also increased our dividend to an annualized rate of a $1.08 per share as we promised when we released our original outlook for 2021 back in December. In my judgment, this increase is an indicator of two significant parts of our corporate financial policy. First, it shows we are intent on returning value to our shareholders. Second, it demonstrates the consistent strength of our cash flow. Put this in perspective, this is the fourth consecutive annual increase in our dividends since 2017, when we were paying an annual dividend of $0.50 per share. And we have accomplished that while maintaining a real focus on our balance sheet, having reduced our debt from its peak of almost $43 billion in 2015 to $30.7 billion today, a decrease of over $12 billion, quite an improvement. And we are doing all this while continuing to pursue opportunities with our natural gas assets to firm up deliverability and supply to our customers, opportunities that were highlighted by the recent winter storm in Texas and also while examining opportunities in energy transition effort. At Kinder Morgan, we remain guided by what we believe is a sound corporate philosophy, fund our capital needs internally, maintain a healthy balance sheet and return excess cash to our shareholders through dividend increases and opportunistic share repurchases. We think this is a recipe for long-term financial success for KMI and its shareholders. And with that, I'll turn it over to Steve Kean, our CEO.
Steve Kean: All right. Thank you, Rich. I'll focus on our performance during winter storm Uri, which is what drove our financial results in the quarter. Then I'll turn it over to our President, Kim Dang, to cover the business updates. Our CFO, David Michels will take you through the financials and then we will take your questions. So starting with the performance. During the February winter storm, we were prepared and that preparation served us well. Our previous investments in our assets, particularly on our gas storage assets were a huge help. We were on maximum withdrawal for days at several of our fields, also helpful were our investments in backup generators at key compressor stations on our system. Another real key for us was our team. Our operations team deployed in advance to keep our facilities running and quickly repair them if they went down. We deployed additional generators and tested our generators before the storm got here. Our people were at locations that are normally automated and they were there in the bitter cold and undoubtedly many of them had their own families at home without power and water. Our team went to key compressor stations, storage facilities, and delivery points to keep gas flowing, including a key delivery point to the city of Austin. Our people kept us going. Our investments and especially our team winterized us against a terrible storm. We also purchased additional gas, some at very high prevailing prices to serve power plants and gas utilities. The result of all this was that we enabled our wholesale customers to serve needs that would have otherwise gone unmet, mitigating the tragedy that too many Texans endured. We performed well operationally and commercially across our entire gas network, but our financial performance was especially strong in our Texas intrastate pipeline and storage network. And as I’ll mention in a minute, in our CO2 business for reasons I'll explain. A key difference between our Texas intrastate system and our interstate gas pipeline system is that we have a purchase and sale business in Texas, supported by high deliverability storage assets. In contrast, our intrastate pipelines are nearly exclusively selling unbundled transportation and storage services. We do that in Texas too, but we also have a purchase and sale business. That business is generally done with reference to an index price. For example, we sell gas at the Houston Ship Channel index plus something and buy at Houston Ship Channel minus something. In normal circumstances, we are effectively getting a transport margin on our purchases and sales and using our proprietary storage to extract margin from price differences across time periods. When prices are in a normal range, this is a very stable business and we view our Texas intrastate as roughly 80% or so take-or-pay. In February, supply and demand conditions caused prices to go up by more than 100x and back down by the same order of magnitude over the course of a week. Market volatility, like we experienced that week, reveals the value of reliable pipeline and storage assets and a reliable operations team. It reveals the value of having gas in storage and previous purchase arrangements in place, it also reveals the value of preparation. In such circumstances, the supply and demand conditions causing prices to go up by more than a 100x, we were able to perform well financially as well as operationally. Many of our additional sales, whether as a result of higher takes under our existing contracts or incremental sales that we were able to do during that week took place at prevailing market prices, which during that week at the Houston Ship Channel range from a $180 at MMBtu to $400 versus $3 earlier in the same month. What did this mean for our business longer-term? We transact with sophisticated customers who have choices. One of those choices is to purchase firm services from us on a long-term basis, and many of them do. While we view the events in our financial results as largely non-recurring, we are already pursuing more long-term firm capacity sales and some associated capital investments that will help our customers to be even better positioned for future extreme weather and create incremental value for Kinder Morgan. There is substantial interest in our services following the storm, which should help us in our base business and in new origination. The results could be long-term additional and more consistent earnings and investment without the extraordinary and rare gain that we experienced in the first quarter. The big lesson that should be taken away is that an appropriate amount of contracting for firm deliverability should be in everyone's portfolio and February's event reveals the value of storage and firm transport capacity. And we would hope that any changes made in the market structure would adequately compensate and incent parties to do so. I mentioned in our CO2 business, also, this is a bit of a different effect. That's our biggest power consuming business in the state of Texas. Our power contract with our provider enables us to shed load and be compensated at the prevailing power prices. When they started to see power – where power prices were headed, Jesse Arenivas and his team started looking at shedding load. So we shutdown oil production and sent the load back into the market where it could be allocated to higher priority human needs. The contract worked as designed and particularly with prices as high as $9,000 a megawatt hour, we earned a substantial financial benefit while letting those megawatts be made available to serve human needs. Also, notable for the longer-term, Jesse and his team were able to restore production quickly and fully following the storm. That's a great accomplishment. They had some practice when oil prices went drastically down last year and we've gotten better at it since then. Our flexibility is great. This is great flexibility that we've now built into a part of our business that consumes about 340 megawatts in the state of Texas. So good flexibility to have in the power market in the state of Texas. So we are very proud of our whole team's performance, but we have lessons to learn too, and we'll use those lessons to get even better at severe weather performance for us and for our customers. So what will we do with the proceeds? Initially, of course, it's a reduction to our net debt, but as we've repeated many times, our financial principles remain the same. First, maintain a strong balance sheet. Second, we maintained our capital discipline through our return criteria and good track record of execution and by self-funding our investments. And as I mentioned, we may see some incremental investment opportunities as a result of the storm. We don't expect those to be significant for 2021. Finally, we are returning value to our shareholders with a dividend increase that Rich mentioned. It's a well-covered dividend and our approach to share repurchases remains exactly the same. We'll be selective, not programmatic. We'll base our decisions on the returns versus the alternative uses for the cash that we generate, including projects or assets. So on balance sheet, capital and cost discipline, returning value to shareholders, those are our principles. One other item before I turn it over to Kim. We announced the formation of an Energy Transition Ventures team during the first quarter. We put together a team with financial, commercial and engineering talent to focus on analyzing and quantifying opportunities for additional assets and service offerings tailored to the ongoing energy transition, including things like renewable natural gas and carbon-capture and sequestration. This group reports to Jesse Arenivas, who continues as President of our CO2 business and is headed by Anthony Ashley, who previously served as Treasurer and Vice President of Investor Relations. While it’s still in our early days for this effort, they've already identified and are working on a number of specific opportunities, more to come. Also, as I said last time, our business units continue to focus on the energy transition opportunities that fit in with their operations, such as midstream services for renewable diesel, and including our – using our gas transportation and storage services to support renewable power. We are also marketing our low methane emissions performance as responsibly produced and transported natural gas. It's a good synergy between our ESG performance, our low methane emissions and our commercial opportunities. We participated in first one of these transactions with Colorado Springs Utilities, which they announced in the first quarter, and we are working on another, as we speak. We believe the winners in our sector will have strong balance sheet, low cost operations that are reliable, safe and environmentally sound and the ability to get things done in difficult circumstances. We are proud of our team and our culture, and as always, we will be prepared to meet the challenges and opportunities to come. With that, I will turn it over to Kim.
Kimberly Dang: Okay. Thanks, Steve. First, I'm going to go through the business fundamentals for the quarter, and then I will talk at a very high level about our full-year forecast. And starting with the natural gas fundamentals. Transport volumes were down about 3% or approximately 1.1 million dekatherms per day versus the first quarter of 2020. And that was driven primarily by declines in Rockies' production, increase in transportation alternatives and lower production out of the Permian. Those two things impacting our volumes on EPNG and contract expiration on our joint venture pipe coming out of the Fayetteville. These declines were partially offset by higher volumes, which were driven by increased deliveries to LNG export facilities, winter weather in the Northeast and the PHP and service. Physical deliveries to LNG facilities off of our pipeline averaged approximately 4.7 million dekatherms per day. That's greater than a 25% increase versus the first quarter 2020. LNG volumes were down from approximately 5 million dekatherms per day in the fourth quarter of 2020. And that was due to the impact of winter storm Uri and some coastal fog in February. During the storm, total LNG exports dropped to under 2 million dekatherms per day. In the first quarter, Kinder Morgan pipes moved approximately 47% of the volume going to LNG export facilities. Exports to Mexico on our pipes were up about 3% when compared to the first quarter of 2020. Our share of Mexico deliveries in the first quarter ran about 55%. Deliveries to power plants, they were down due to higher natural gas prices. Deliveries to LDCs were up due to colder weather. One, on our natural gas gathering volumes, they were down about 25% in the quarter compared to the first quarter of 2020. But for gathering volumes, I think the more informative comparison is the sequential quarter. So compared to the fourth quarter volumes, first quarter volumes were down about 11%. Approximately two thirds of that 11% reduction related to KinderHawk, which is our gathering asset in the Haynesville. But given that there are 45 rigs deployed in that basin. We expect that our volumes will increase sequentially each quarter for the balance of the year, although it will be a little bit slower than what we budgeted. Eagle Ford volumes were also down versus the fourth quarter and we expect that those will be down versus our budget. Now the Eagle Ford remains a very tough market given the oversupply of takeaway options. On the positive side, we expect volumes in the Bakken and Altamont to be on plan or better for the year. And our Products Pipelines segment, refined product volumes were down about 10% for the quarter versus the first quarter of 2020. And that's just the result of the continued pandemic impact. Gasoline volumes were up 6% versus the first quarter of 2020. That's an improvement from the fourth quarter when they were off about 10% versus the fourth quarter of 2019. Jet volumes remain weak off about 29%, but that's a big improvement from the fourth quarter when they were off 47% versus the fourth quarter of 2020. And diesel volumes were up 6% and that's relatively flat to the percentage in the fourth quarter. Total volumes moving through our pipes did improve each month during the quarter. The March volumes were up slightly versus 2020, and they were down about 6% versus 2019. Currently, we are forecasting refined products to be down versus our plan, and I'll go through that a little bit later in my comments. Crude and condensate volumes were down about 28% in the quarter versus the first quarter of 2020. Sequentially, they were up 2%. Our terminals business fundamentals have been impacted by two events, the winter storm, and the continued impact of the pandemic. The winter storm is short-lived with the impact limited to the first quarter. The pandemic is lingering and it continues to impact our petroleum product volumes as well as the demand for our Jones Act tankers. However, as we have mentioned in prior quarters, the impact of reduced petroleum product demand on our tankage is more muted than in our products pipelines given the fixed take-or-pay contracts for tank capacity. Our liquids utilization percentage, which reflects the tank that we have under contract, remains high at 95%. If you exclude tanks out of service for required inspection, utilization is about 98%. On the tankers, we have a number of ships that have contract expirations this year, and the market is relatively weak given the weakness in refined product volumes. The reduction in crude oil production and the tightening WTI-Brent spread also impacts this market, but to a much lesser extent given a smaller percentage of the fleet engaged in that service. We expect this market to improve with the recovery in petroleum product demand, but that may take until later this year because the charter activity tends to lag underlying supply and demand fundamentals. The CO2 segment was up in the quarter due to our decision to curtail production and deliver power back to the grid that Steve mentioned. Excluding the storm impact, oil production was down approximately 15%. CO2 sales volumes were down 26%. Our net realized oil price is down about $3.50 per barrel. However, compared to our budget, we are currently anticipating the oil volume, CO2 volumes and net realized oil price will exceed budget for the year. Now, let me give you a very high level update on our full-year forecast. As we said in the release, we are currently projecting full-year DCF of $5.1 billion to $5.3 billion versus our budget of $4.45 billion. We estimate that the Uri impact, and this is across all of our segment was roughly [indiscernible] $1 billion, leaving a variance again, very roughly of $200 million to $350 million versus our budget. I know $200 million doesn't add up perfectly, but that's because these are very large rounded numbers. Let me start with the $200 million variance. We estimate that sustaining CapEx will be approximately $75 million higher than our budget due to the decision to replace some pipe in rural South Texas as opposed to continuing to spend money, running inspection tools and repairing the pipe. We were also able to obtain the pipe at very attractive pricing. What I'll classify as pandemic-related impact is roughly $80 million and that includes weaker petroleum products volumes and lower renewal rates on Jones Act tankers. Those two items explain about 75% of the variance, but there are a lot of other moving parts. A couple of the other larger items include lower gathering volumes primarily in the Eagle Ford and the impact on DCF of a Ruby impairment. Those two items are roughly offset by positive performance in the CO2 segment from higher CO2 and oil volumes and price. Finally, the sale of our 12.5% interest on NGPL creates a negative variance versus our budget. The difference in that low and the high-end of the guidance range primarily relates to assumptions on petroleum products volumes, Jones Act tanker renewals, natural gas GMP volumes, and the resolution of certain Uri contractual disputes. I think it's obvious, but just in case the lower end of the guidance range assumes a more conservative outcome on these items. For example, the high-end of the guidance range assumes petroleum products volume 3% below plan for the balance of the year versus the low-end of the guidance assumes there are about 5% below plan for the balance of the year. And with that, I'll turn it over to David Michels.
David Michels: All right. Thank you, Kim. So for the first quarter of 2021, as Rich mentioned, we are declaring a dividend of $0.27 per share, which is 3% up from last quarter. Now looking at the financial performance for the first quarter of this year versus the first quarter of last year, we generated revenues of $5.2 billion, up $2.1 billion. We had partial offset in our cost of sales with an increase of $1.3 billion there. So our gross margin was up $759 million, mostly driven by our strong performance during the winter storm. Our O&M costs declined as a result of the CO2 segment, power load shed that Steve walked through and that's the main item in the $106 million favorable O&M amount. In the first quarter of 2020, we also took impairments in our CO2 segment about $950 million, which explains most of the $975 million favorable in the item – the line item called gain loss on divestitures and impairments. This past quarter, we wrote-off the value of our Ruby subordinated note, which was a reduction of $117 million in the earnings from equity investments. And that was driven by greater uncertainty regarding the recoverability of that note receivable. We also reflected a $206 million gain on the sale of a partial interest in NGPL and that appears in the other net line item. So overall, we generated net income of $0.62 per share, which is favorable versus the $0.14 loss in the first quarter of 2020. On an adjusted earnings per share basis and that's where we show earnings per share before certain items. We generated $0.60 per share versus $0.24 per share a year ago. Moving to our Segment EBDA and distributable cash flow performance. Our natural gas segment was up $915 million for the quarter mostly explained by favorable intrastate margins, as well as increased revenue on our Tennessee Gas Pipeline, both as a result of the February winter storm performance. We also had favorable contributions from PHP, which was placed in service completing the year and these are all partially offset by lower contributions from our FEP pipeline resulting from the 2020 contract rollovers. Product segment was down $10 million, driven by lower refined product volumes on SFPP, lower crude oil volumes on KMCC and lower re-contracting rates at Double H, partially offset by greater contributions from our transmix business. Our Terminal segment was down $30 million and that's a lower refined product volumes due to continued pandemic-related demand impacts as well as winter storm related demand impacts. As has been mentioned, our Jones Act tanker contributions were also down due to the lower fleet utilization resulting from the pandemic-related market weakness. Storm-related refinery outages also drove decreased contributions from our petcoke facilities, and these were all somewhat offset by expansion project contributions. Our CO2 segment was up $116 million this quarter versus a year ago, again, due to the shedding load to deliver power to the grid and partially offset by lower – and that was partially offset by lower crude and CO2 volumes versus Q1 2020 and lower realized crude prices versus Q1 2020. Our G&A and corporate charges were higher by $8 million and there we had lower capitalized overhead expenses partially offset by our organizational efficiency savings. JV depreciation, we had less JV DD&A from our Ruby investment there and that's after Ruby recognized entity level asset impairment in the quarter resulting in lower depreciation. That brings us to adjusted EBITDA, which was $966 million, a 52% higher than Q1 2020. Moving down below EBITDA, interest expense was favorable by $52 million. Their lower LIBOR rates benefiting our interest rate swaps drove nice favorability as well as a lower debt balance and lower rates on our long-term debt. For the quarter, sustaining capital was favorable by $34 million, and that was driven by lower terminals and natural gas segment CapEx, but all of that is timing and we expect to spend more sustaining capital for the full-year versus 2020. In other, we had some lower pension cash contributions versus a year ago. This year, we have a little bit more back-end loaded cash contributions to our pension plan versus more equally spread quarterly contributions last year. Our total DCF was $2.329 billion and was up $1.068 billion or 85% and our DCF per share was $1.02, up $0.47 from last year’s $0.55 per share. Moving on to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with net debt to adjusted EBITDA of 3.9x down nicely from the 4.6x at year-end. And we current projected in 2021 at 3.9x to 4.0x and that's consistent with the ranges that Kim walked through. And that's largely resulted – largely non-recurring winter storm benefits contributing to our EBITDA, but it also is a result of lower than budgeted debt balance due to the greater than budgeted cash flow. Our longer-term leverage target of 4.5x has not changed. We also have a very favorable liquidity position. We ended the quarter with almost $1.4 billion of cash on hand, and only have $500 million of consolidated debt maturing for the rest of the year. So our net debt, which includes our cash on hand, ended the quarter at $30.7 billion, down $1.348 billion for the year – from the year, and now our net debt has declined by $12.1 billion or almost 30% since Q1 of 2015. As Rich mentioned, that it is worth reiterating. Our quarter change to reconcile the change in debt of $1.35 billion for the quarter, we generated $2.329 billion in DCF. We paid dividends of $600 million. We made $200 million of contributions to growth projects as well as to JVs. We received $413 million from the NGPL sale, and we had $600 million of – approximately $600 million of working capital uses, primarily interest expense payments, AR increases and rate case settlement on SFPP. That explains the majority of the net debt change, and completes our first quarter financial review. So I will turn it back to Steve.
Steve Kean: All right. Thank you. And so as usual, as a courtesy to everybody, we are going to limit the questions per person to one with one follow-up, and if you got more, get back in the queue and we will come back to you. Michelle?
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. You may go ahead, sir.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good afternoon.
Steve Kean: Good afternoon.
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to start with the storm here and kind of the ramification coming out. And have you been paid, I guess, for everything that you are expecting to get? And you talked about, I guess, the value of your assets being more clear to the market and wondering what. If you could quantify that in any sense more what re-contracting might look like? What type of uplift there could be for the business?
Steve Kean: Sure. So most everybody paid in the normal course. It was a pretty big settlement process as you might imagine given the numbers involved, but pretty much everybody paid in the normal course. As Kim mentioned, we do have some disputes, and I'd say mostly unfounded, but we've got some disputes, but most everyone paid in the normal course and anything that we think we need to reflect, reserve or otherwise is reflected in the numbers that Kim gave you. In terms of the ramifications longer-term, I think, we still are in early days, but we have had very specific conversations with specific customers about enhancements we could make to our system to make them firm customers of ours. And some of those enhancements – the enhancements would require some capital. It's a bit early to really call that. As I said, it will take some time to get that ramped up. I mean, I would say, it's possible in the triple-digit millions kind of level, but most of the projects will kind of be singles and doubles enforcing or upgrading a lateral or increasing compression at a particular location and other sort of upgrades like that. So Tom, is there anything else that you would add in terms of color on that?
Thomas Martin: The only thing I would add is that, I think we'll see a potential uplift in our existing storage and transportation capacity values as well. Again, early days for the quantified that I think we'll see some uplift there as well.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. And then just one more, if I could, on the Biden infrastructure plan, it's very early stages here and how that might form eventually, but just wondering how might that impact KMI’s new energy transition ambitions here? Specifically, do you see enough tax credit support to advance initiatives around carbon-capture, utilization storage, or anything else on that side?
Steve Kean: Yes. So there was some finalization of 45Q regs that happened early in the year, and those have pushed certain CO2 sources into economic territory here. And those are things like, ethanol plants, gas processing facilities, and that have a high CO2 content in the [stream][ph]. And so we're looking at those kinds of things. We do believe – it is early days, as you said, on the Biden plan, and we'll see how that and other actions the administration takes play out. But we do believe that part of the answer here to where the administration wants to go is going to be carbon-capture and sequestration. We sequester carbon today, as you know, and we're looking at the capture part of that opportunity and we've got the biggest network of CO2 pipelines in the country. And so we're in a good position for that. But I think there's a lot more to come there.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. I'll stop there. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Shneur Gershuni from UBS. You may go ahead, sir.
Shneur Gershuni: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. Great to see those results today. I just wanted to follow-up on the last question on the Energy Ventures group that Anthony, I guess is leading now. I was wondering if you can help us frame the expectations of how we should be thinking about it. Is the group near to try and source singles and doubles as you like to say in terms of trying to find capture customers versus – for carbon-capture for the renewable diesel projects? Is the idea that to build a backlog of, let's say, $1 billion worth of capital consisting of each of that projects? Or is it more to go out and – for bigger projects, maybe with JV partners and so forth? I was just kind of wondering if you could help frame the expectations or how you've charged that group to proceed.
Steve Kean: Yes. So I'll reiterate something I said. There are really two buckets to think about in terms of these Energy Transition Ventures opportunities. There's a bucket of things that we are already doing in our business that fit. And so we leave those in our business units and I'll use as an example there. Shneur, we have John Schlosser and his business. He deals with biofuels and renewable diesel today as does Dax Sanders in the products business dealing with those. We think we're working on projects there too. Tom Martin and his team – and Tom and his team really just – they did an extraordinary job during the storm. The way their team worked, integration between scheduling and commercial, operations and gas control was just stellar. But part of what they're doing is out marketing responsibly sourced gas and things like that, as well as backup for renewable generation as it increases in penetration. The Energy Transition Ventures group is really more focused on things that we don't do today are not immediate extensions of our business. Carbon-capture is not part of our business today. That's something that goes there. Renewable natural gas is something that they're looking at. Look, it's hard to quantify that opportunity set for you right now. It is a big opportunity set, but in terms of what we're able to ultimately transact on or expect, we're not saying, “Hey, go find $1 billion dollars.” We're saying, “Hey, go find good deals” and deals that meet our return criteria and things that we can constantly operate and execute on. And so that's what they're doing. And even though it's early, I mean, they've got some specific things that they are looking at and working on.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay. Great. Appreciate the color there and look forward to [indiscernible]. Maybe as a follow-up question, in your prepared remarks and in part of your response to Jeremy, you had mentioned the potential for good business and maybe there was some capital [blight] [ph] unlikely to happen this year, certainly in any size. And so when I think about the 1Q results, which clearly you hadn't expected when you sort of set the budget out for this year. Does this give you some more confidence around the completion of the $450 million buyback target? I know you had said in your prepared remarks that it's opportunistic and so forth, but can you walk us through the decision making process on the opportunistic framework, if you're not really changing your capital budget at this point right now, and then you sort of have this excess cash that you weren't expecting initially? And just wondering if you can give us some color around the thought process.
David Michels: Yes. So we had the capacity that we articulated at the beginning of the year. As you mentioned, we've done the NGPL sale, which after taking into account what we need to keep our balance sheet metrics in place to provide some additional capacity there. We had the events of Uri and that provides additional capacity. And then the offset – partial offset is some of the negatives or the headwinds that Kim pointed out when she went through her analysis where some of which go away when you get on the other side of pandemic recovery, whenever you want to call that. Having said all that though, we're really in the same place that we've been in terms of communicating on this scenario as we were in 2017, which is, we have capacity, but we're going to use it opportunistically. We're not going to set an amount out for you. We didn't include it. It didn't include actual buyback amounts in our budget, we just pointed to capacity. We're going to do it opportunistically, and we're going to do it based on returns and compared to our alternative uses of capital. So I know everybody wants a lot more specificity in that but we’re not giving prices, we’re not giving amounts, just like we haven't for the last four years. And that's still where we are, but we do have the additional capacity as pointed out.
Shneur Gershuni: It's fair to say that your capacity is larger today than it was when you set the budget out. Is that a perfect way?
David Michels: That’s correct. That's absolutely.
Shneur Gershuni: Perfect. Thank you very much, guys. Really appreciate the color today.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Keith Stanley with Wolfe Research. You may go ahead, sir.
Keith Stanley: Thanks. Good afternoon. Going back to winter storm Uri, are there any proposals in the legislature you're watching that could impact requirements on your customers to buy from transport or other services either on the power side or on the producer side? And then any proposals or suggestions that you're pushing within government?
Steve Kean: Yes. There are number of things that we're watching. And I'll ask Dave Conover to weigh in on this too. I think the way we see things headed right now is there is a continued and determined focus on examining winterization and how we can all do better as an energy industry and make sure that something like this doesn't happen again. There's a very concerted and – but I do think that a lot of that is likely to be resolved not by legislation, but by direction given to specialized regulatory bodies and others to develop in more detail and we want to be participants in that and we're going to want to show the benefit of what we can do. And we're also going to want to be constructive in relating how the gas and power industry can better communicate in this state going forward, all things that we're working on with our customers and have been working on with our customers already. Dave, anything you want to add to that?
David Conover: No. I think you've covered in terms of what the legislature is actively looking at, Steve. There is no strong push within the legislature for mandating or incentivizing firm transport contracts. And I don't think at this stage given the deadline has passed for the introduction of bills that it's likely that we'll see anything like that.
Steve Kean: And in other news, I guess the Texas House did pass a securitization bill that's now pending in the Senate that would be helpful in reducing price shock on retail customers’ bills.
Keith Stanley: Okay. Great. On that last point, you mean just on retail customer bills like some of the ones who were paying the market prices not the ERCOT specific default allocation?
Steve Kean: Yes. This is on the gas side LDCs.
Keith Stanley: Okay. Got it. Okay. Great. Second question on asset sales, I’m just curious, so the NGPL sell down, it seems like a unique situation with your partner. How are you thinking about asset sales going forward? Is there more interests in pursuing opportunities? Do you see the potential to maybe have more opportunities to monetize assets as the energy sector recovers? Just any updated thoughts on how you're looking at selling assets?
Steve Kean: We continue to look for the right things to buy as well as the right things to sell and when those things are at a price that is a premium to our multiple and we can continue as we are with NGPL continue to get the benefit of that asset albeit a smaller ownership percentage and continue to operate the asset. We just look for those regularly and when the numbers work, they work. And so I don't have anything more specific. That's been our approach to this really for several years now. We’re looking on the purchase side, we're looking on the sales side and it's all about value.
Keith Stanley: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Spiro Dounis with Credit Suisse. You may go ahead, sir.
Spiro Dounis: Hey. Good afternoon, everybody. First question…
Steve Kean: Spiro, you're cutting out a bit. You're cutting out a bit.
Spiro Dounis: Hey, sorry guys. Is that better? Hopefully?
Steve Kean: Yes.
Spiro Dounis: Let me know. Okay, perfect. Hopefully that stays. Just on responsibly sourced natural gas, something we're seeing a lot of international demand sort of increased on seeing a lot of the LNG companies now start to market that a little bit more. And I think Kim, you mentioned, I think about 47% of the gas going into those facilities goes through one of your pipelines. So just curious how you – and basically playing the middleman between suppliers and the LNG companies and getting more of that RSG into the international markets?
Steve Kean: Okay. You cut out a little bit there at the end. So if we miss something you follow-up. But Tom, do you want to talk about how we're interacting with our LNG customers on this topic?
Thomas Martin: Firstly, yes, I mean, actively engaged with our current LNG customers certainly working with producers. And again, as we’ve mentioned earlier, we're leveraging off our one feature and ESG emission metrics that are very favorable to the market. And so as we identify producers who are able and willing to be certified and are connected to our system, which given our connectivity, we have I think a lot of opportunities there. So I think it is early days, but I think given our footprint and the number of basins and producers that we do business with as well as the LNG exposure that we have, I think there is some nice opportunities there.
Spiro Dounis: Second question, just on the Haynesville. I hope you guys can provide an update there on producer discussions, I know that was an area of optimism for you. And then as you're addressing that, just curious if you guys see any…
Steve Kean: Okay. You cut out – after you got your question on the Haynesville, you cut out.
Spiro Dounis: Sorry. I'll try again. I apologize. I'm just wondering if you provide an update on producer discussions there and to the extent you see any risk of pipeline bottlenecks emerging.
Steve Kean: Okay. Tom, do you want to take that as well?
Thomas Martin: Sure. As Kim mentioned earlier, I think we're expecting our volumes to increase on KinderHawk through the balance of the year based on business that we have done and are working with our producers there now. Certainly, as those volumes continue to grow and the basin grows, there'll be some additional downstream issues that we'll need to work through. We've looked at some opportunities to be part of that solution and are still pursuing those, but nothing really at this point to speak to that. But I think the market has capability and capacity today just as those volumes grow, there maybe need for additional downstream infrastructure as we go forward.
Spiro Dounis: Got it. That’s all I had. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gabe Moreen with Mizuho. You may go ahead, sir.
Gabriel Moreen: Good afternoon, everyone. I just had a quick question. I think on the intrastate, you talked about the outputs and value, the potential CapEx. I'm also just wondering, we've got a lot of intrastate natural gas pipeline here in Texas, whether you see any upside there potentially on storage values or some of the capacity you've got on the intrastate market [indiscernible] winter storm?
Steve Kean: Look, I think the opportunities I focus because a lot of the – we did well on our interstate network as well, but focused specifically on the intrastate. And yes, the interest in our services is broader than just the Texas intrastate. I meant that as a comment about our whole network. Tom, do you have anything you want to specifically point out?
Thomas Martin: No. Nothing specific, Steve, but you're absolutely right. I mean that is a broader point to be made here. I mean, definitely an emphasis in Texas, but we are seeing interest from customers much broadly across the whole footprint.
Gabriel Moreen: Thanks. And then maybe if I can follow-up just on the pipeline replacement in South Texas, is that on the gathering side, the long-haul side? I know your system is obviously very large, but any other areas you could see potential spend like that, I guess, occurring in the near to medium-term?
Steve Kean: Tom, I’ll put it back to you again.
Thomas Martin: It’s on one of our intrastate systems not a gathering system, and no I'm not aware of anything that would be of that consequence or significance coming down the pipe.
Gabriel Moreen: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo.
Michael Blum: Thanks. Thanks for taking my question. I just want to clarify kind of the capital allocation question, I guess. If I look at the impact of leverage from this sort of extra profitable quarter, let's call it. Once this quarter sort of rolls off after 12 months, it looks like your leverage would still be down around 4.5, maybe slightly lower than that on a trailing 12 months basis. So would you say you're kind of at your goal? Just want to make sure I'm looking at that correctly?
Steve Kean: Kim?
Kimberly Dang: Yes. I think if you take either our budgeted EBITDA and then you apply the proceeds to the debt balances, I think that will take you to around 4.5x. That's a reasonable calculation.
Michael Blum: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jean Ann Salisbury from Bernstein. You may go ahead.
Jean Salisbury: Hi. I had a question about the NGPL sales. Based on FERC data, I think it was sold a little under a 12x EBITDA multiple, which seems a little light or what I would consider a pretty good gas pipeline, it looks like a good reflection of where the gas pipeline at that market is. Or was there something specific about NGPLs maintenance CapEx or tax load that caused the multiple to be better than it looks?
Steve Kean: Yes. Those are the two additional considerations, which you said. There's a fair amount of sustaining CapEx associated with that system. And so you get a multiple that's a little over 13x when you take that off of the EBITDA and then also, yes, it will be a cash tax payer and we're a C-Corp owner. So you had a little bit of double – two layers of taxation there. David Michels, anything you want to add to that?
David Michels: No. But I think, Steve, just to point out that or underscore, you just said. We haven't been – this entity hasn't been a cash taxpayer so because of an NOL balance that it had, but we'll become one here in the next year or so. So it's something that we haven't experienced, but it is a consideration for 2022 and beyond.
Jean Salisbury: Okay. That's really helpful. That's all for me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christine Cho from Barclays. You may go ahead.
Christine Cho: Hi. You said, it's too early to quantify your energy transition opportunity, but it is a big opportunity side. So curious, is this something that you would fund with your cash flow or could there be other accretive ways to do this, to fund it, just given all of the low cost capital or even things like SPACs out there chasing these sorts of projects? And when we think about potential carbon-capture projects, would you only be interested in leveraging your existing footprint or would you step outside that footprint?
Steve Kean: Okay. I'm going to ask Anthony to supplement this. But, yes, we would evaluate having JV partners, evaluate some of the alternative sources of capital that are out and available and very interested in these kinds of investments that might provide a nice synergy with our operational capabilities, and so we will definitely explore those other things. Anthony, do you want to supplement that?
Anthony Ashley: No. I think you've covered it. And I think everything's on the table for us.
Christine Cho: Okay. And then as we think about M&A, how should we think about your willingness to step outside your existing footprint there? Energy transition stuff aside [indiscernible] are coming up for sale, and obviously you're not in MLP anymore, which would have been an impediment to holding that kind of asset. But as the world and regulatory backdrop has changed, how do you think about downstream integration on the natural gas side?
Steve Kean: Kim, would you like to answer that?
Kimberly Dang: Sure. Look, I think that that would obviously be a step out for us on natural gas distribution system, that's retail customers, we're in a wholesale market. The returns there are very different. And so traditionally what we have looked at is things that fit our existing strategy and that was not – that would not fit our existing strategy, and so that would definitely be a step out. So, yes, I mean, it's probably unlikely, so.
Christine Cho: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs. You may go ahead, sir.
Michael Lapides: Hey, couple of just macro questions, and thank you for taking my question. First of all, when you talk to your producer customers, where do you think, meaning which basins do you think there could be upside to what's in your 2021 plan? Where do you think there could be downside? Could you address that and also just kind of talk about expectations for gas flows into Mexico and gas flows kind of into the far Western U.S., meaning California most likely?
Kimberly Dang: Well, on the – talking about upsides and downsides, I mean, I think we tried to incorporate the upsides and downsides into the updated forecast that we gave you today. And so, where we have some downside versus our budget is in the Eagle Ford, where there's just a lot of excess pipe capacity versus our budget. We have a little bit of a downside in Haynesville and that's just because the activity got started there a little bit later than what we projected it in our budget. We have some upside, as I said, likely in the Bakken, likely in Altamont. But again, all those upsides and downsides are taken into account in the guidance that we gave you today.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And thoughts in terms of gas flows into Mexico and into kind of Western U.S., especially California, just kind of trends during the year relative to kind of what you are thinking in fourth quarter and maybe even a little earlier than that?
Steve Kean: Tom?
Thomas Martin: Yes. I guess I would say the flows in the Mexico have been very resilient. I think the market evolves flowing over six Bcf a day consistently. And so we're certainly, as Kim mentioned earlier, we’re 55% to 56% of those flows. And so definitely participating in that volumetric upside from a throughput perspective and expect that to continue going forward. As far as flows westbound to California don't really have any specific insight there other than from what we hear. There is expectation of a warmer summer. So that could have some additional volumes flowing to California maybe different than what we saw last year, certainly what we expected at the beginning of the year or late last year.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, guys. I will follow-up offline. Much appreciated.
Operator: Thank you. Timm Schneider from Citi. You may go ahead, sir.
Timm Schneider: Hey. Thank you. I had a question about the renewable natural gas comments you made. Just curious if you could kind of run us through what your RNG strategy would be. I mean, are you looking to develop RNG assets at this point and take some of the LCFS related infrastructure risk and also on the REMS, how does that look like for you guys?
Steve Kean: We are looking at renewable natural gas assets and opportunities. It's a little bit different from obviously our long-haul transmission business. And as you said, I mean, it is – there is REMS and LCFS component to it. However, there's also, I think, ways to secure this and maybe nail it down a little bit as you see fleet owners that are looking at renewable natural gas as a source of CNG in their delivery fleets or in their transportation fleets, for example. So there maybe some ways to narrow the exposure there. But yes, there's a lot of this – so that part of it is kind of driven by customer commitments and people coming out with their plans for how they're going to reduce their own CO2 emissions, or they're going to become more green in whatever way. And so there's that driver as well as, as you said, the LCFS and the REMS, and we’ve got more work to do as everybody does to make sure they understand the risks and opportunities presented by those. But the opportunities look pretty good in this sector both because of the subsidies, if you will, for the incentives, as well as the commitments that people are making about how they're going to get green.
Timm Schneider: Got it. And then maybe a follow-up here, can you remind us your refined products terminals, the assets, can they handle biofuels or a portion of them?
Steve Kean: They can. And I'll ask John Schlosser to talk about his and then Dax to talk about his. Go ahead, John.
John Schlosser: Sure. We handle it today. We're the largest handler of ethanol. We have the pricing point in Argo. We handle over 30 million barrels there. We handle renewable diesel at our [indiscernible] facilities and add many of our Truck Rack, and we handle biodiesel at all of our Truck Rack. So we're more than capable of doing that. And we're more than capable of converting any of our existing infrastructure to renewable products as well.
Steve Kean: Okay. Dax?
Dax Sanders: Yes. On products, we do, most all of our terminals are capable of and do handle ethanol, and the majority of them handle and do biodiesel and obviously, one that can be biodiesel can do renewable diesel as well. And we do have a terminal – first terminal that has a small terminal with renewable diesel capabilities specifically in California coming into services in the next couple of months.
Timm Schneider: Okay. Got it. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tristan Richardson with Truist Securities.
Tristan Richardson: Hey, good evening. Thank you for all the transparency on the storm. So really great summary of the puts and takes. Just a quick follow-up on the ventures business. Appreciate all your comments on carbon-capture as a core competency and addressing the prospects for RNG, does vanilla power generation fall under the umbrella and is that an area that could fall into this ventures initiative?
Steve Kean: Yes. And again, I'll call on Anthony. He's been looking at this – all these opportunities. Anthony, do you want to respond?
Anthony Ashley: Yes. I mean, I think we're at very early stage on that. But yes, we’re going to be looking at renewable power opportunities. Obviously, we've got a large footprint, we have quite a bit of land. But we're at pretty early stage in terms of getting our arms around that renewable power opportunities, but it's something we're looking at.
Tristan Richardson: Helpful. Thanks, Anthony. And then with respect to guidance versus budget, I think Kim you mentioned some of the smaller items, one of which was an $80 million related to refined product demand recovery. Is that exclusively in products or is that Jones Act or maybe kind of what [indiscernible] smaller item that you called out?
Kimberly Dang: The $80 million is refined product demand versus budget across terminals and products pipelines and also the Jones Act tankers. So it's all three, if you will.
Tristan Richardson: Great. Very helpful. Thank you guys very much.
Operator: And at this time, I'm showing no further questions.
Steve Kean: Okay. Well, we'll conclude the call. And thank you very much for the questions you've asked and we appreciate your attendance and have a good evening. Good bye.
Operator: And thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may go ahead and disconnect at this time.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-20 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode, until the question-and-answer session of today’s conference. [Operator Instructions] I would like to inform all parties that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan.
Rich Kinder: Thank you, Denise and good afternoon. Before we begin, as usual I'd like to remind you that KMI's earnings release today and this call include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosures on forward-looking statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release, as well as review our latest filings with the SEC for important material assumptions, expectations and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking statements. Before turning the call over to Steve and the rest of the team, I'll just make a short statement before -- because we now have actual results for the full year 2020 and have released our preliminary outlook for 2021, this is a good time in my judgment to examine both our current results and future outlook at Kinder Morgan. It seems to me, that the clear takeaway is the strength of the cash flow which allows us in both years to fund our dividend and all discretionary CapEx from internally generated funds and still have significant cash left to pay down debt and buyback shares. This remains at the core of our financial strategy and should be comforting to our shareholder base as it demonstrates our ability to return value to our shareholders even under adverse conditions like we experienced in 2020. I would make two additional important points. Number one, there is a long runway for the products we move through our pipelines, particularly, natural gas. And as the world transitions to a future of lower emissions, my second point is that our assets are well positioned to participate in that transition. We'll discuss all these subjects in detail at our upcoming virtual investor conference on January 27 and I look forward to your participation. Steve?
Steve Kean: Thanks, Rich. So I'll give you a brief look back on what we accomplished in 2020, a look ahead on 2021 and beyond which as Rich said we'll cover in greater detail at our annual Investor Day next week. Then I'll turn it over to our President, Kim Dang to cover the business updates. Our CFO, David Michels as usual will take you through the financials and then we'll take your questions. 2020 has shown us how important it is to have our priorities and principles straight. We kept our focus throughout the year on keeping our coworkers safe and on keeping our essential assets running for the people, businesses and communities that depend on us. Like everyone in our sector, we didn't shut down. We kept running adjusting our operating procedures on the fly to keep people safe, while we helped utilities and factories and other businesses keep running and serving our communities during the pandemic. The pandemic and the downturn in U.S. energy markets impacted us for sure, but we were still able to maintain our financial principles which remain the same. First maintaining a strong balance sheet, we managed to reduce net debt by almost another $1 billion taking our overall net debt reduction over the last five years to well over $10 billion -- $10.8 billion since Q1 of 2015 and achieving and maintaining our BBB flat credit rating. Second, we maintained our capital discipline through our return criteria a good track record of execution and by self-funding our investments. On that front we evaluated all of our 2020 expansion capital projects and have reduced CapEx by about $700 million from our 2020 budget for about 30% in response to the changing conditions in our markets, while still completing our largest project the Permian Highway Pipeline in the face of substantial opposition and in the middle of the global pandemic. We're also maintaining our cost discipline. We achieved about $190 million of expense and sustaining capital savings for 2020. That includes deferrals. We view about $119 million or so as permanent reductions for the year. The result of this work on our capital budget and our costs is that our DCF less discretionary capital spend has actually improved versus our plan. And when compared to 2019 as well, about $200 million better versus our plan and about $665 million better than 2019, notwithstanding what was going on in U.S. energy. So, we more than offset the degradation to our DCF with spending and capital investment cuts in 2020. And the following is noteworthy too, I think our DCF less discretionary capital was $2.2 billion in 2019. It grew to $2.9 billion in 2020 and is $3.65 billion in our budget for 2021. Finally, we're returning value to shareholders with a 5% year-over-year dividend increase to $1.05 annualized for 2020 providing an increase to well-covered dividend that the Board plans to raise to $1.08 declared in 2021 and as contemplated in our approved 2021 budget. So, a strong balance sheet, capital and cost discipline, returning value to our shareholders, those are the principles we continue to operate by. So, in addition to completing the Permian Highway Pipeline, we also achieved some other milestones, which we believe are going to lead to long-term distinction. We're already an efficient operator, but we're getting more efficient and cost effective, as I mentioned. We believe that's one of the keys to success in our business for the long-term. During 2020, we completed a full review of how we're organized and how we operate. We centralized certain functions in order to be more efficient and effective and we made appropriate changes to how we manage and how we're staffed. And we're achieving as a result substantial savings as we described in our guidance release in December and which we'll also cover next week. We're also building what we believe is a more effective organization for the future. The centralization of certain functions will enable us to spread our best practices throughout the organization in project management and permitting safety, pipeline integrity, ESG and other core functions. We also published our third ESG report during the fourth quarter. We've incorporated ESG reporting and risk management into our existing management processes. Sustainalytics has ranked us number one in our sector for how we manage ESG risk. And our updated MSCI rating also improved dramatically. These things are all important to our long-term success. Being a responsible effective and efficient operator with the ability to complete large projects under extremely difficult circumstances. That we were able to do all of this during a pandemic and a difficult U.S. energy market backdrop is a testament to the strength and resilience of our people, our leaders and our culture. All this positions us well for the future and we'll be talking about this in more detail at the conference, but here are few thoughts on what the opportunities look like. First, there are the things that we're already doing that are likely to grow as time goes on. First on that list is our largest business, natural gas, which will continue to be needed to serve domestic needs and export facilities for a long time to come and it will continue to reduce GHG emissions, as we expand its use around the country and the globe. Related to that is the enabling role that our natural gas assets play in supporting intermittent renewable resources in the generation stack. Most important to us is the value of what we do, which is less about providing the commodity and more about providing the transportation and storage capacity or deliverability. That value increases as more intermittent resources are relied on for power generation. Natural gas is clean affordable and reliable. And pipelines deliver that commodity by the safest, most efficient, most environmentally sound means. Also, we're making our low methane emissions performance part of our marketing as responsibly produced and transported natural gas. That's a very good synergy between our ESG performance, which is in part about lowering methane emissions; and our commercial opportunities, distinguishing ourselves as an environmentally responsible provider. This is important for example, not only to our domestic customers, but to our customers serving international markets. Also, among the energy transition businesses that we participate in today is the storage, handling and blending of liquid renewable transportation fuels in our products pipelines and terminals segments. We've handled ethanol and biodiesel for a long time. Today we're handling about 240,000 barrels a day of a 900,000 barrel a day ethanol market for example. We also handle renewable diesel today. That's part of our business -- that is a part of our business that is ripe for expansion on attractive returns. Moving out, the next concentric circle of opportunities is the set of things that we can largely use our existing assets and expertise to accomplish. Those include things like blending hydrogen in our existing natural gas network and transporting and sequestering CO2. A further step out would be businesses that we might participate in if the returns are attractive, such as hydrogen production, renewable diesel production and carbon capture from industrial and power plant sources. As always, we will be disciplined, investing when returns are attractive in operations that we are confident we can build and manage safely, reliably and efficiently. We will not be chasing press releases. Energy transitions for a variety of reasons take a very long time. We'll look hard as we lead. You'll hear more details from Kim and the business unit presidents about all this at next week's conference. We believe the winners in our sector will have strong balance sheets, low-cost operations that are safe and environmentally sound, and the ability to get things done in difficult circumstances. We're proud of our team and our culture. And as always, we'll evolve to meet the challenges and opportunities. And with that, I'll turn it over to Kim. 
Kim Dang: Okay. Thanks, Steve. I'm going to go through our business units today. First, starting with natural gas. Transport volumes were down 2%, or approximately 600,000 dekatherms per day versus the fourth quarter of 2019. That was driven primarily by declines in Rockies' production and increases in transportation alternatives out of the Permian Basin. These declines were partially offset by higher volume, driven by increased demand for LNG exports and industrial customers.  Our physical deliveries to LNG facilities off of our pipes averaged almost 5 million dekatherms per day. That's a 50% increase versus the fourth quarter 2019. That's a big increase versus the third quarter of this year, and it's above Q1 2020, which was largely unaffected by the pandemic. For 2020, Kinder Morgan pipes moved well over 40% of the volumes to LNG export facilities. Exports to Mexico were up about 4%, when you compare it to the fourth quarter of 2019. For 2020, our share of Mexico deliveries ran over 55%. Overall, deliveries to power plants were down about 2%. Our natural gas gathering volumes were down about 20% in the quarter compared to the fourth quarter of 2019. For gathering volumes, I think, the more informative comparison is versus the immediately prior quarter, so the third quarter of 2020. When compared to the third quarter of 2020, volumes were down about 3%. KinderHawk, which serves the Haynesville was down due to lack of drilling and declines in existing wells. However, we're still expecting based on our conversations with producers to see new drilling in that basin this year. Eagle Ford volumes were also down. The bright spot again this quarter was our Highland system in the Bakken. Volumes there were up well over 20% versus the third quarter of this year. On the project side, as Steve said, we completed PHP. We placed that into service on January 1st of this year, which is a really amazing accomplishment by our team. We fought through multiple legal attempts to delay or stop the pipeline including one request for a temporary restraining order and three preliminary injunction requests. Permits took longer than they have historically and therefore we received a key permit approximately 4.5 months later than what we anticipated. Yet, despite the legal, the permit and the other challenges we faced, the pipe -- we put the pipeline in service just three months later than our original schedule. In our products pipeline segment, refined products volumes were down about 13% for the quarter versus the fourth quarter of 2019, as a result of the continued pandemic impact. The 13% is very close to the fourth quarter EIA number. Our gasoline volumes were off about 10%. Jet volumes remained weak of 47%. The diesel was up about 7%. Looking at the most recent data, volumes in December were down about 17% versus December of 2019. That's not surprising given the rise in COVID cases. So, right now, projected January volumes are currently estimated to be down about 13% versus January of 2020. Next week in the investor conference, we'll take you through all of our 2020 budget assumptions and detail, including our refined product volume assumptions. Crude and condensate volumes were down about 26% in the quarter versus 2019 and down about 6% over the third quarter. The one bright spot similar to what we saw in natural gas gathering was in the Bakken, where crude gathering volumes were up slightly. In terminals, refined product volume throughput continued to reflect reduced demand due to the pandemic, but they've recovered since the second half of this year. The impact of throughput volumes on this segment is mitigated by our fixed take-or-pay contracts for tank capacity. Our liquids utilization percentage, which reflects the percent of tanks we have under contract, remains high at 95%. If you exclude the tanks out of service for required inspection utilization is 98%. Given the pandemic, we did see some weakness in our Jones Act tanker business but that was offset by incremental earnings from expansion projects. The bulk side of the business, which accounts for roughly 20% of the terminals earnings, saw a strong rebound in steel volumes. Industry-wide mill utilization improved to over 70% from the lows of 50% in the second quarter. In CO2 oil production was down approximately 16% and CO2 sales volumes were down about 35%. Our team has done a tremendous job here of adjusting to the current environment finding cost savings and cutting non-economic CapEx to more than offset the degradation in segment performance. As a result, full year 2020 DCF less CapEx for the segment of $466 million was over $100 million better than 2019 and over $40 million better than budget. The last thing I'll point out for you is that for the full year, we were only off $10 million versus the DCF guidance that we gave you in April when the pandemic began. There were lots of puts and takes for sure and EBITDA was slightly weaker, but amazingly close overall. And with that, I'll turn it over to David Michels.
David Michels: All right. Thank you, Kim. So for the fourth quarter of 2020, we're declaring a dividend of $0.2625 per share or $1.05 annualized, which is flat with last quarter and 5% up from the fourth quarter of 2019. Moving on to the fourth quarter 2020 performance versus the fourth quarter 2019. In the fourth quarter of 2019, there were a few items that were categorized as certain items: The certain items captured in gain/loss on divestitures and impairments; earnings loss from equity investments and higher income expenses all nearly offset within the fourth quarter of 2019. That leaves us with $237 million of lower revenues in the fourth quarter of 2020 versus the fourth quarter of 2019 offset by lower O&M expenses, lower depreciation expense and lower interest expense, which explains why net income attributable to KMI of $607 million is about flat with Q4 2019. Our adjusted earnings of $604 million is 3% -- is about flat with Q4 2019. And our adjusted earnings per share of $0.27 for the quarter was up $0.01 from the prior year. Moving on to DCF. Natural gas was down $59 million for the quarter. Lower contributions were driven by the sale of our Cochin pipeline, along with lower contributions from multiple gathering and processing assets. And those were partially offset by greater contributions from our Texas Intrastate systems as well as expansion project contributions.  The products segment was down $64 million driven by lower refined product volumes and lower crude and condensate volumes driven mainly due to the continued demand impacts from the pandemic.  The terminal segment was down $32 million, which was driven by the sale of KML, lower refined products and lower contributions from our Jones Act vessels. Contributions from expansion projects placed in service partially offset those items.  Our CO2 segment was down $18 million and that was due to lower oil and CO2 sales volumes partially offset by lower operating costs and improved year-over-year realized pricing. That brings us to adjusted EBITDA of $183 million or 9% lower than Q4 2019. Below EBITDA interest expense was $63 million favourable, which was driven by lower floating rate -- excuse me by a lower floating rate benefiting our interest rate swaps as well as lower overall debt balance and lower rates on our long-term debt. Sustaining capital was a favorable $30 million driven largely by deferrals in the terminals segment.  The other item includes increased cash pension contributions in the Q4 2020 versus Q4 of last year of 2019. Total DCF of $1.25 billion is down $104 million or 8%. DCF per share of $0.55 was down $0.04 from last year.  Moving on to the balance sheet. We ended the year with a 4.6 times debt-to-EBITDA level, which is the same as last quarter and up from 4.3 as of year-end 2019. We ended the year with $1.2 billion of cash on hand, which will allow us to easily manage our maturing debt during the year this year. We've already used some of that cash to repay $750 million of debt maturing in the first quarter, so that leaves us with just $1.65 billion of debt maturing for the rest of the year. So we have very strong liquidity, we have an undrawn $4 billion credit facility and we also expect to generate $1.2 billion of DCF after CapEx and dividends in 2021.  Our net debt ended the quarter and ended the year at $32.0 billion, which is down $900 and almost 90 million from year-end and down $556 million from last quarter. And as Steve mentioned, our net debt is now down $10.8 billion since the first quarter of 2015.  To reconcile the quarterly change in net debt, we had $1.25 billion of DCF. We paid dividends of $600 million. We contributed or paid -- or contributed JV contributions to growth capital of $250 million. We received proceeds from asset sales of $200 million and we had a working capital use of $50 million in the quarter, which explains the majority of that $556 million change in net debt.  From year-end 2019 to year-end 2020, we generated DCF of $4.597 billion. We had the Pembina share sale in Q1 of $900 million. We had the $200 million of asset sales paid dividends of $2.37 billion. We had growth capital on JV contributions of $1.65 billion. We had taxes on the Trans Mountain sale and Pembina shares of $260 million.  We repurchased 50 million of KMI shares and we had a working capital use of $385 million for the year, which explains the majority of the $989 million reduction in net debt for the year.  And that completes the financial quarterly review. Back to you, Steve. 
Steve Kean: Okay. So Denise, we'll open it up for questions now. [Operator Instructions] So let's open it up, Denise. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question does come from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Steve Kean: Hey, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good morning. Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question here. Just want to start off with a high-level question here. And you've laid out some pieces for kind of dividend growth expectations. But just wondering capital allocation philosophy overall, if you could refresh us on how you're thinking about that, when it comes to dividend increases versus buybacks? And also it seems like the market's continually looking for lower leverage here so that the multiple can be attributed more to the equity side than the debt side. So just wondering how those different things work together. And the industry still seems ripe for consolidation so wondering if you could refresh us on that?
Steve Kean: Okay. Yes sure. I mean as I think we covered here we've done a lot of work on the balance sheet, have ourselves in what we believe is a very good position with the BBB flat rating with all the net debt reduction that we've done over the years including this year. And we feel like we're in a very good place there. And as we've examined that and applying additional debt reduction to achieve an upgrade or whatever we don't really see much of a cost of capital benefit for our equity investors resulting from that. So we do think we're in a very good place there. And so that gives us the opportunity to then think about expansion capital projects.  We exhaust a good returning -- high returning nice margin above our weighted average cost of capital on those returns. Those opportunities are less than they were in years past. And so we're funding the ones that make sense to fund. And that leaves us with a substantial amount of cash available after that. And so we've increased the dividend from $1 to $1.05 and now $1.08 expectation for 2021 and leaving room for as much as $450 million in share repurchases. So I think we've done the right things by the balance sheet. We're funding the things that add the value to the firm in terms of additional projects where those make sense. We're not stretching that. If they don't make sense we're not doing them. And then we don't sit on the cash that we have. We look for ways to return that to our shareholders.  And as you know I mean the valuation between those 2 dividend versus share buybacks the dividend, there's a good reliable return of value to shareholders in that. There's not as much flexibility on it. So we've opted to have some flexibility to do share buybacks. And that's how we've laid it out. In terms of the consolidation opportunities our answer is pretty much the same there. We continue to look at those opportunities. The industry has been ripe for consolidation for years, one might say. Not sure what the catalyzing event turns out to be there, but it's something that we look at and evaluate. It's got to meet a number of criteria. It has to deliver real value to our investors of course, has to be in businesses that we're confident that we can run safely, reliably and efficiently of course. It has to be accretive and it also can't mess up our balance sheet which as we've looked at it, we've got to at least be leverage-neutral and if anything maybe leverage-accretive. And so our discipline there continues to be very robust. 
Jeremy Tonet: Got it, very helpful. And then maybe just one last one on ESG side, if I could. Just wondering in your conversations with the ESG raters with ESG investors do you think they see the role for natural gas and energy transition the same way that you guys have outlined it here? Do they buy into that? And do you guys have internal views I guess on Scope three emissions how natural gas compares to renewables? And when you have these conversations with those stakeholders do they see things similar to you guys? 
Steve Kean: Yes. So I will -- there's a lot of diversity as you know Jeremy and how people are evaluating this. I think the ratings show that we are doing an effective job of communicating our ESG measures and managing our ESG risk. Our rating is based on how we're managing ESG risk. It's not based on having a really great ESG report. It's about how we manage that risk. I think a lot of people recognized the need for natural gas and the value that natural gas has brought to the environment over the years. If you look back in 2017, we were 6 gigatons of annual emissions, CO2 equivalent emissions. We're now down to 5.1. And a big part of that -- and in an economy that's grown over that period a big part of that has been the role that natural gas has played in power generation. And so, yes there are people who recognize the role of natural gas and also how we're doing with our ESG risk management. And we are in ESG funds as a result of that. Now that's not a universally held view, but it is something that we're proud of and that we continue to elaborate on with investors and continue to respond to questions and concerns as they are raised by the investment community. You make a very good -- or you asked a very good question about Scope three emissions. One of the real advantages and it's an extremely stubborn advantage of hydrocarbons is that it's a very energy-dense form of energy. And so that means that with a relatively small footprint and a relatively small amount of capital, you can get an awful lot of energy for -- from the power plant for example a natural gas power plant. And it takes acres and acres and acres of solar panels and windmills to make that up. And because of the lack of energy density, an awful lot of manufacturing: A lot of mining, a lot of manufacturing, a lot of disposal costs associated with building that up. And so, once we get to a point a point that we're not at just yet, but once we get to a point, I think, where the public discourse around ESG expands to include those measurements on renewables, it brings natural gas much closer in terms of environmental impact. Look, we work with renewable companies. We work with utilities who are increasing their renewable portfolios. We believe that our business plays an important enabling role there, but there is a lot more to I would say the natural gas story once you take everything into account.
Jeremy Tonet: That's very helpful. I’ll stop there. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Shneur Gershuni from UBS. Your line is open.
Shneur Gershuni: Happy New Year everyone. Good to hear you all or see to you all. I guess, two to start off. I was wondering if we can sort of talk about sort of the trends that you're seeing specifically for volume trends, I guess, in refined products and so forth were pretty decent when you consider the fact that COVID cases were going up. 2021 has kind of started off well and so forth. When I think about the expectations that you laid out in December, how do you -- how would you say that Kinder Morgan is tracking thus far? And I recognize it's early and you'll provide more depth on the guidance inputs next week. But just curious about sort of the trends at the end of December with early January, how are you tracking thus far? Is it kind of in line with what you expected or cautiously optimistic? Just any commentary around that would be helpful.
Steve Kean: Okay. Kim, do you want to start on that?
Kim Dang: Yes. Hi, Shneur. I think we'll go through all the assumptions next week. I noted that the volumes in January are down 13% versus January of 2020. I think that's a slightly weaker than what we planned. Our hope is that once you get the vaccine distributed that some of those volumes will come back. When you look at how much volumes are off comparing one month versus the month in the prior year you go back to October and November, we were down like. I think in October it was like 11% maybe. And so hopefully, once we get the vaccine distributed more widely, we'll see some improvement in those numbers, but slightly weaker than what we budgeted but very early. On the other hand, I'd say, on the other hand, there are some green shoots. On CO2 with the stronger oil prices, there's a little bit of upside on price, if those prices were to hold. Volumes that -- SACROC have been pretty strong and stable over the last couple of months. We've seen a small amount of incremental CO2 sales volumes versus what we're expecting. So, there are a number of puts and takes there and we can go through those actually.
Shneur Gershuni: Fair enough. I appreciate that. And maybe as a follow-up, I was just wondering if you'd return back to the buyback question. You've highlighted $450 million of opportunistic buyback capacity and so I would kind of, I guess, a two-part question here. Should we as we sort of think about the word opportunistic should we be thinking about a washing for quicker return of volumes as that's what creates the opportunity versus the actual stock price? And then secondly when we sort of think about that capacity it sort of translates into roughly 50% of your free cash flow after dividends. Is that kind of the expectation how you're thinking about being half goes to debt pay down and half goes to buybacks if there's an opportunistic opportunity?
Steve Kean: Yes. So I'll start and then ask David if you want to elaborate at all. So opportunistic is kind of purposely open, right? We're not talking about a specific target price or particular interim targets. We have principles that we are adhering to which is that we want to maintain a strong balance sheet. And so that's always a consideration. And we want to procure the shares on what we believe is an attractive return. But beyond that we're not saying much more than opportunistic, meaning, we're not programmatic and we're not specifying a target for the market out there. But we've got the capacity. And I'll just say, it's good to be in a position to have this capacity in light of all the work that has been done on the balance sheet. We'll do it opportunistically and based on return expectations. And again, not publishing a target. David anything, I missed there?
David Michels: Just to follow-up on Shneur's other piece there about -- I hear you had said about half of our available cash. If you take DCF after capital after dividends, it's now $1.2 billion. So the $450 million, the little bit less than half, so $750 million of that is kind of dedicated to the balance sheet. And so we are being pretty thoughtful about allocating the cash flow that we're generating in the year to the balance sheet. And then as Steve covered, we'll be opportunistic on the buybacks.
Shneur Gershuni: Perfect. Thank you very much guys. Really appreciate the color. Looking forward to join next week at the virtual Investor Day.
Steve Kean : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Spiro Dounis your line -- from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Spiro Dounis: Hey, afternoon everyone and Happy New Year. Just wanted to follow-up on Shneur's first question. Just looking at the macro outlook and the improvement since you all guided to in December. And so I'm just curious if producers have changed their tone or their attitude on growth at all since that time? I know Kim you mentioned ongoing discussions in the Haynesville. Curious if you're seeing positive momentum elsewhere since December? And then maybe how you think about the direction of CapEx next year if we do see increased activity?
Steve Kean: Kim?
Kim Dang: Sure. I think it's different based on the basin. And so in the Bakken we've seen the year get off to a good start. I think we finished the fourth quarter a little bit better than we were thinking. The year is off to a good start. The Eagle Ford has still been weak. If you look at the Permian the rig count there that's where most of the rigs have been added since we came off the lows in August. And by our calculations you're getting close to a rig level in the Permian that could get you back to flat volumes to where we were pre-pandemic. That won't happen immediately. That will take time to get there. And so I think with respect to producers and their guidance, I'd say a couple of things one I think they have to feel like that -- based on our conversations they need to feel like that these the prices especially on the crude side are going to stay strong for a long period of time. And right now you've got the Saudis and others holding a lot of barrels off the market. And so that creates price uncertainty. I also think the producers are very focused on free cash flow. And so it's not clear how much they would ramp up CapEx in response to increasing prices. So, I think a lot more to come there as we get into the year.
Spiro Dounis: Okay. Fair enough. Second question on ESG. Steve, I appreciate your comments there and laying out some of those new items and initiatives. I just want to focus specifically on the ones that would require a bit of a step out on your part that a much maybe higher return hurdle line if they're there. Just wondering on the ESG strategy do you contemplate M&A being a part of that specifically, or do you feel like you have enough of the internal core competencies to execute that organically? And then just quickly related to this in terms of timing how should we be thinking about the timing of when those initiatives start to materialize and actually start to really show up in the CapEx budget?
Steve Kean: Okay. Yes. So, I distinguish between several different kinds of opportunities. When you think about responsibly sourced natural gas, it's something we're out there marketing today. When you think about blending hydrogen in to the extent that that becomes available or moving renewable natural gas which is something that we already do today the quantities are very small. But when it comes to originating and doing that kind of business we're already very well fixed to do that within our existing business units. That extends also to things like additional renewable liquid fuels like renewable diesel where both in our products group and in our terminals group we are actively looking at and pursuing opportunities there today. And it's in businesses that we understand that we know how to do and that we can help our customers get where they're going. When it comes to the further step outs, I think our approach is going to be again very conservative. We're going to look at the things that are adjacent to us that we think makes sense for us to do. And we think that we can do that with folks in our organization and with us taking and continuing to take a hard look at some of those opportunities, wouldn't rule out M&A. But I think that's an area where you can move to more quickly than is prudent. And we're going to be prudent in how we approach it. And so I think it's more organic, but M&A or acquisitions wouldn't be off the table for the right opportunity. But I'm purposefully emphasizing organic using the tools the assets the people and the opportunities that we have.
Spiro Dounis: Okay. Thanks for the time guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question is from Jean Ann Salisbury with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hey everyone. I wanted to ask about Hiland being up 20% versus third quarter. I think that's quite a bit more than overall Bakken gas was up quarter-on-quarter, but maybe you were down more on year-on-year. Do you have a sense if it was your specific acreage that really moved up? And can you maybe just give a sense so I can calibrate of where Hiland volumes were in fourth quarter versus say first quarter before COVID?
Steve Kean: Sure thing. Tom Martin you want to address that? Tom, are you there or are you muted?
Operator: Line has disconnected.
Steve Kean: Okay. He's showing disconnected? Okay. Yes. So, we did have a nice uplift in gas volumes on Hiland. So, the story on Hiland as you look through the year there was a significant downturn in the second quarter as we had and this was all talked about publicly. But we had a significant producer there go through a large amount of shut-in on their particular acreage. And then, when things came back they came back nicely. And some of that from shut in some of it from flush production. And those volumes have continued to be strong. But there's no question that some of that was aided by the turnaround in what our producer was doing up there one of our large producers. Kim, anything else to add?
Kim Dang: Yeah. And I mean, you're not quite back to first quarter 2020 volumes in the fourth quarter of 2020.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Sure. But you would say that, your market share is so to speak is similar to where it was before?
Steve Kean: I don't have a specific…
Kim Dang: Yeah, I don't know on the market share how our producers performed relative to how they brought back volumes relative to others.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Yeah. Okay.
Steve Kean: And I will say, I mean, we've – as we've looked at our producer activity or stated producer activity, where we are now what we're expecting versus what's being reported for Bakken production, it does seem that we and our customers are doing better than just the overall reported numbers for Bakken.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Got it. Okay. Great. I think that's kind of what I was after. And then as a follow-up, you mentioned, weakness in the quarter in Jones Act tankers. Can you expand on that a bit? I believe during the second quarter Jones Act tanker rates went-up quite a bit and then have come back down. But what's the customer appetite for re-contracting today in that market?
Steve Kean: Yeah. And I'll call on John Schlosser to add a little more detail. But what I'll tell you is that we – John and the team were really nicely positioned for what you were just talking about meaning that, we were going to have vessels rolling off charter right as charter rates were improving, which is where things were headed based on the overall supply and demand fundamentals there. And then the pandemic happened. And so, as you saw in other refined products, volumes and demand for refined products movements, we saw that – we saw that come off and come off relatively hard. And so that created kind of an unexpected pivot in the overall picture. Now over the longer term, there aren't new Jones Act vessels that would compete with our MRs anyway that are being built right now. We think that that market does come back into balance over time. But it has created some short-term weakness in demand. Beginning to see some nice uptick in inquiries, and calls for quotes, as we've gotten into 2021, but we did take a reduction there. Now I would say, overall Jones Act vessels are running probably – again this is a pandemic number, Jean Ann so not representative of call it normal refined products operations, but call it 25% off higher. We're about half of that meaning about 12.5%. So better, but we have some expirations coming up over the course of 2021. So, what will really drive this business is, post pandemic recovery in refined products movements. John?
John Schlosser: You're correct. The 25% number is for the entire industry. So, we're seeing about 25% of the total tanker volume out. We had maneuvered our way very well through the year and had it – boarded that. For the year, we're up $2.3 million, but we did see an impact on two of our vessels, the Lone Star and the Pelican in Q4, which amounted to a negative impact between that and some price compression of about $6.7 million negative in Q4. But we are seeing some green shoots. We're seeing more inquiries here over the last couple of weeks. And we believe that that 25% is overblown and should come back as the year goes on.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Colton Bean with Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Company. Your line is open.
Colton Bean: Good afternoon. So, I think historically, the team has highlighted that you would not expect to pay corporate cash taxes until sometime after 2026. Can you just update us on current thinking given the lower capital spend? And if you have any preliminary thoughts on how that might change in the event that we see a corporate tax increase? I would appreciate those thoughts as well.
Steve Kean: Yeah. That's still good guidance. And it doesn't really change with a corporate tax increase, because what we're describing there is NOLs which for that period that we've talked about, which is beyond 2026 more than offsetting taxable income. So, it's less driven by – not driven by the rate. David, anything you want to add there?
David Michels: No. You covered it, Steve.
Colton Bean: Okay. And so, with the lower capital spend still no change there?
Steve Kean: That's right. No change to that guidance.
Colton Bean: Got it. Okay. And then with Permian Highway now online and Waha pricing much closer to Gulf Coast hubs, can you frame for us the impacts on the interruptible portion of the intrastate business there?
Steve Kean: The interruptible -- say a little bit more.
Colton Bean: So, thinking the non-contracted portion of the intrastate. So to the extent that you are moving just on a fee-for-service maybe a month-to-month evergreen contract, or you are moving actual basis spreads and take advantage of a bit of marketing opportunity. Just trying to understand, how we should think about that portion of the business now with where Waha is pricing?
Steve Kean: Okay. Yeah. So, let me try this. We were moving kind of interim service -- this may not be what you're getting at. We are moving on interim service on PHP as we were commissioning compressor stations and the like. So, we were delivering November and December delivering volumes on PHP until we got it fully commissioned and put it in service and took nominations under the long-term firm contracts. It's fully underpinned by long-term firm contracts starting on January 1. Now, we're also buying and selling gas. You made mention of interruptible. I think I know what you mean there. I mean it is technically interruptible. A lot of that -- those -- that business is interruptible, but it's generally not interrupted. But we are buying and selling and optimizing on our Texas Intrastate network, some of which -- this is a unique element of the Texas market, some of which of course like the interstate market is on long-term transportation arrangements, including sometimes transportation arrangements that are PHP shippers, for example, hold downstream in order to get to an ultimate delivery point. And then other transportation arrangements that we make with producers and with end users to connect production to power plants, industrial facilities, utilities et cetera. And so, what I would point to there is we now have an additional two BCF a day, hitting our system a little less than that. It's not quite running 100% full. We got two BCF a day coming from a couple of years ago when we brought GCX in service another two BCF coming from Whistler. What that is going to mean for us I think ultimately is a great amount of natural gas that we provide a lot of the last mile connectivity to on our system in Texas. So generally I think that's a bullish development. You're right. The Waha spread has come in as that fully contracted pipeline system is up and running. And I think it will take a while even with the development that Kim described of additional rigs coming back out there. I think it was 2022 prices were up fairly significantly from what we're currently seeing in 2021. Eventually, we'd expect that system to fill back up basis to widen back out and call it the middle of the decade we would need some additional incremental transportation capacity. But overall, the new facility coming in is under contract. What it does is bring a lot more to natural gas to our system, which is a good thing for our existing business on that system. Did I answer your question?
Kim Dang: And I think Colton also was asking about, do we have significant business that is subject to that spread, and therefore, because that spread came in we're going to take a hit in EBITDA? And generally, Colton, the way that we contract is we're contracting on a back-to-back basis. And so, we are not generally taking spread risk. And so, the impact of that spread coming in is not going to have a material effect on us.
Steve Kean: Good point.
Colton Bean: Understood. That’s helpful.
Operator: And are you ready for the next question?
Steve Kean: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. That comes from Tristan Richardson with Truist. Your line is open.
Tristan Richardson: Hi, good afternoon guys. Kim, I appreciate your comments on what you're seeing in January across products. Curious of the fourth quarter commentary around diesel growth year-over-year. Can you talk about that strength either regionally or what you're seeing on the demand recovery side with respect to diesel?
Kim Dang: I mean, we think that that is largely driven by all the shipments that are moving as people are ordering things online and having things shipped to their homes. And so we think it's -- because when you compare it to gasoline volumes, gasoline volumes are down. We did see -- we've seen that same phenomenon for a couple of quarters now. And so that's what we would attribute it to, 18-wheelers moving down the highway, hauling goods to various facilities and homes.
Tristan Richardson: Great. Yes, I was just trying to make sure there wasn't some specific item or one specific region. That's helpful. And then a quick follow-up just on the Hiland on the crude side. Can you talk about generally just conversations with customers around capacity availability for egress either working with you guys around making contingency plans in the event the basin sees disruption of the major pipeline there or taking on additional contracts with Kinder Morgan, et cetera?
Steve Kean: Dax you want to comment on that?
Dax Sanders: Yeah, yeah. I think overall they're positive and the volume trends we're seeing are positive. We were fourth quarter on Double H. We were about 64 day out of total capacity of about 88. Right now for January, we're looking to be pretty close to the full level. So conversations, I mean, look we have absolutely no idea of what's going to happen with that one and certainly wouldn't speculate on that. But the conversations overall were constructive and we're seeing it in volumes.
Tristan Richardson: Thank you, guys very much.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Michael Blum: Thanks. Good afternoon, everyone. I wanted to go back to the Permian natural gas market. You guys commented that El Paso natural gas saw a reduction in volumes. I just wanted to understand that a little better. Is that a result of PHP coming on, or is there weakening demand in California? I just wanted to better understand the dynamics there.
Steve Kean: Yes. And so Tom Martin got kicked off the call before the earlier question and he's back on. And so I'm going to ask him to respond. Tom?
Tom Martin: Yes. I think the answer to that question is it's a combination of both really just weaker demand in California as well as increased outlets for Permian supply locally if you will had some impact on our volumes on EPNG. Again, I think, once – I think much of that was seasonal related out West. So assuming we get good demand in 2021 out in California we think that likely recovers a bit.
Michael Blum: Okay. Great. And just a follow-up on that point. Would you say that that's a long-term secular trend in terms of declining demand into California, or do you think it's going to just remain seasonal and weather-dependent? 
Tom Martin: Well I think how we serve California is changing obviously with the renewable growth there. So volumes long term may not be as strong especially to Northern California. But I think the amount of capacity need into that market probably actually grows over time as more renewable penetration increases in that area.
Michael Blum: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And the next question comes from Pearce Hammond with Simmons Energy. Your line is open.
Pearce Hammond: Thank you for taking my question. Just one question today for me. Steve in your prepared remarks you mentioned carbon capture as a potential business opportunity for Kinder Morgan. And it sounded like in your prepared remarks that the economics for carbon capture are not favorable at this time. So I was just curious what it would take to make this a more attractive business for Kinder Morgan. And the reason I ask is Kinder has a real expertise in CO2 and this seems like a natural outgrowth of your business and something that you would have a competitive advantage in. So I'd love to just get your overall thoughts on that carbon capture opportunity.
Steve Kean: Yes sure. There's quite a hierarchy there. And so, if the recently published regulations on 45Q do make certain parts of the carbon capture opportunity, more economic win used in combination with enhanced oil recovery. And so the allowance, the tax credit allowance for EOR at the rate now approved makes things like gas processing, ethanol facilities more economic and may be economic. And that's an opportunity for us. There's nothing specific right now or deal-specific to talk about there. But it's gotten a lot closer and may actually be economic. And so as we look at it from our business standpoint from our business perspective, we do have in our treating business today, which is just standard, long existing aiming technology to separate CO2 from – whether it's a gas stream or a process facility separated it then also has to be captured. And the purer the stream the better, right? So it's purer in things like processing facilities and ethanol facilities. It's got to be captured. It's got to be powered up. It's got to be transported, which is where we come in. And it's got to be put in the ground and stay there which is also where we come in. And better still you get oil from it and that helps make the whole thing work. And so we're beginning to see some of those applications creep into economic territory. And then marching up from there to things like capturing it from power plants and from other industrial uses that gets more expensive and then direct air capture is extremely expensive given the very low concentration. So CO2 in the atmosphere about 0.04% versus from a flue stream run from between 3% and 20%. So 75 to hundreds of times more economic from the flue stream. So we're just kind of on the edges of that now starting to see some things that are getting interesting. Jesse any that – anything you want to add? 
Jesse Arenivas: I think you've covered it Steve. Thanks.
Steve Kean: Okay.
Pearce Hammond: Thank you, Steve. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Ujjwal Pradhan with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Ujjwal Pradhan: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to first follow up on the Permian gas. Do you believe item will likely be more takeaway in Permian next year after the Whistler and some other smaller projects come online? I wanted to follow up on where the discussions on adding third gas pipe in the Permian stand the Permian pass. And what is the competitive environment like for that?
Steven Kean: Okay. I'll start and then Tom, you fill in. It's not anytime soon, right? I mean it's not this year. It's not next year. When we look at it both third-party analyses, as well as our own internal house model of it, we see the need beginning to emerge in call it 2025 and people will generally try to get in front of that, given the amount of time that it takes even in Texas to get pipelines built. And so we'd expect to be talking to people ahead of that in order to be able to get something in service by call it the middle of this decade. We think that we -- the advantage that we bring there are severalfold. One is that, we've got a great I think the best Texas Gulf Coast pipeline network. We've got to get the supply to market and increasingly that means getting it to LNG markets Mexico getting it to the export markets, but also finding end uses in the growing petrochemical and industrial market along the Texas Gulf Coast. So we get people there and then we've shown that in far more difficult circumstances than what we would anticipate for a Permian pass, we've been able to get projects done. So, we think we're in a good position. That's not a guarantee of course. But we think it's a ways off. It's not that we're not having any conversations with people. There are some very long-term planners out there as you know in the producer community. And so we continue to talk about it. But it's a ways off. Tom?
Tom Martin: Yes, really nothing more to add there. I think, just the trajectory of growth and the rig activity in the Permian will tell us a lot over the coming months and a couple of years.
Ujjwal Pradhan: Got it. Thank you. And just switching gears, my follow-up is regarding U.S. Army Corps' recent decision to move forward with splitting the Nationwide Permit 12 into two separate permits one specifically for oil and gas pipelines. Steve, how do you think this changes the regulatory picture from new pipeline projects from KMI's perspective?
Steven Kean: Yes. So Nationwide 12 as you know is what we've relied on to do PHP. And it's a long-standing process. It's been in place for decades. It gets refreshed every five years. And you're right, there's some examination of splitting it meaning oil and gas would be treated differently from other linear infrastructure that's typically used under Nationwide Rule 12. And what I would say, the impact of that is likely to be -- if it happens is that, it takes us more time and more effort to accomplish what we could have accomplished more quickly, but it doesn't prohibit it. So for example that's the permitting structure that allowed us to cross certain waterways with our construction activity. And that might become more individualized examinations of those crossings rather than having them grouped under a single permit umbrella which adds time and cost, but it doesn't eliminate our ability to demonstrate that we're making those crossings in an environmentally responsible way, right? So it's losing the advantage of a permitting process where NEPA has been taking care of environmental impact statement et cetera has been taken care of and one fell swoop versus having to do it on an individual project basis. So it adds time. It doesn't eliminate the opportunity.
Ujjwal Pradhan: Got it. That’s helpful. Thank you, Steven.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Lapides: Yes. Hi guys. Thank you for taking my question. I actually have two and I'll ask them just back-to-back in the interest of time. First, you all did a good job on the income statement in terms of managing cost in 2020 G&A and even probably some other areas as well. Can you talk -- first question is, can you talk a little bit about what the expectation is for 2021? Do you expect some of that cost to come back, or is this now kind of permanent cost reduction? That's point A. Point B is more of a policy one. We're starting to see some states take a bit of policy-driven action regarding the future of demands for their gas-regulated utilities and trying to really restrict cap or limit demand or even shrink demand growth out of gas utilities. Just curious how you're thinking about how that would kind of -- what the impact is on your business going forward, if that kind of plays out. And it's really -- looks like it's more some of the East Coast states and some of the West Coast states that are the ones looking at it.
Steve Kean: Okay. All right. Thank you, Michael. On the cost side, no those cost adjustments that we made as part of the organizational efficiency and effectiveness project, I think, it's fair to think of those as permanent. Those are costs we took out of the structure labor costs and other costs that we took out. Every budget is a bottoms-up review and cost requirements change, plus or minus, depending on what the emerging -- whether it's regulatory requirements or maintenance requirements or other things are. But we did some permanent long-lasting work there. So I think that's the right way to think about that. And we'll give you some more detail in the conference. Some of that came through -- about 50-50 sort of split between the segments and between the corporate costs like G&A and the like. On the policy question, yes, it's something that we watch with some concern. It's not something that we are directly involved in, in terms of how states are thinking about their end uses, end users of natural gas. I would point out though, as you say -- as you pointed out, that it is in limited areas where this has become an issue. It's of course prospective, and so dealing with new construction and new homebuilding, et cetera. And that's a long internal growth in that market, as you know. But the other thing is, I think, on closer examination, people are going to be more concerned about it. When you think about developers who like to be showing houses that have natural gas water heaters and furnaces and natural gas ranges and the like, they're not going to like that. That's less about what Kinder Morgan thinks than it is about people who are building things and producing jobs in the states at issue. We've seen in real life restaurant owners react in a very negative way to it. And actually one community pushed back an attempt to eliminate natural gas usage. And we've also seen in another jurisdiction that I won't mention, that a lot of obstacles to getting natural gas infrastructure cited. And then when it became apparent that natural gas wasn't going to be available to end users in the state, a complete about-face in terms of asking the incumbent utilities to figure out a way to get additional natural gas in and not have moratoria in place. And, so I do think that there are many hands still to be played there. And from our perspective, while it is narrow, it's worth watching. And it's also one where I think we benefit and society benefits from giving it much closer examination.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, guys. Much appreciated.
Operator: The next question is from Timm Schneider with Citi. Your line is open.
Timm Schneider: Yes. Thank you. I had a follow-up. Two questions that was asked earlier on the whole renewables, the hydrogen, the biodiesel fuels push. Just kind of curious, obviously, look, sounds great when you talk about it, but kind of what inning are we really in here in terms of when you think this could actually meaningfully add to your cash flow? When do you think some of these CapEx expenditures are going to show up? And then what's involved in terms of getting some of these projects from conception through completion? 
Steve Kean: Okay. That's the ultimate question. And it's -- we're in different innings on different things. On things like responsibly sourced natural gas, we're already there and we're talking to customers about it. And as I've said, some of our LNG customers are very interested in it, because it does matter. If you're a low emissions -- low-methane emissions transportation storage provider, which we are, we met our one future goal seven years ahead of schedule and the allocation to our sector was 0.30%. We're at 0.03%. So, I mean, we've really -- we've got a lot of good things to show our customers in that regard. Serving as a backstop for renewables, our capacity as a backstop, our gas storage has probably the cheapest and most efficacious energy storage versus batteries. We're right there right now. Renewable diesel we're right there right now. The discussions we're having in California were of course the whole market is aided there by a low-carbon fuel standard. Dax would tell you our customers are saying "What can you do for us, today?" We're talking about renewable diesel hubs there that -- where we can build out some capability at good returns and provide a good service to our customers. And they're really in a hurry, to get something there. It's a little bit longer. It's not in a night thing in other parts of the country. But as low carbon fuel standards spread those things are going to be of greater interest. On the other hand, things like hydrogen, hydrogen is promising. It's been the fuel of tomorrow for decades. And it takes a while to -- and it takes I think some subsidies to get it to a point where it's really actionable. It's $19 in MMBtu today. And so will it ultimately serve a compelling fraction of the energy needs? Yeah, but it is -- if you think about it it's taking a very high-quality energy like electricity which is consumed primary energy to get there, to get it to electricity, taking electricity, using it to separate hydrogen from water and electrolysis and then taking the hydrogen molecules in a transport fuel context. For example, putting them into a fuel cell and converting it back to what? Electricity. So there's a lot to be done there to make that a sensible thing to do, but it could become sensible with the right supports and credits and the like. And today, as Kim pointed out, we can blend -- whoever is willing to invest in. And I think there are opportunities to invest in it. We can blend that into our existing system today. And I think that's an attractive proposition to those who are trying to lead the energy transition effort. And so, if it were in existence next year we could move it on our pipelines next year. So, that's not -- so Timm it does come down to -- and as I mentioned on CO2 capture. There are some things that are moving into actionable territory right now. There are other things that are a good ways off. And that's why it's important to be discerning about these things as we go. And that's the way we're going to approach it. The things we can do today, the things that we can do tomorrow with the assets and businesses that we have today. And then what's the further step out from there and making sure that we're disciplined about how we approach that, so different innings, on different energies.
Timm Schneider: Okay. And I really appreciate that. Maybe as my follow-up here just briefly, I want to stick to hydrogen. How do you see the hydrogen environment kind of develop for midstream players? Do you think this will really be an opportunity for maybe a set of two or three folks, or is it a broader opportunity set for more? And how is -- where is Kinder Morgan's competitive advantage, in this whole hydrogen value chain?
Steve Kean: I'll start with the last. I think our competitive advantage is in the existing network we have and the existing customer relationships that we have. Meaning, we are serving a lot of customers who would be taking blended hydrogen, whether that's on an industrial or a power plant or an LDC for example. We're serving those customers today on the network that we have today. And so that's really our advantage. In terms of how broad the opportunity is likely to be, I would say, looking at it right now, it looks like it will be pretty broad. I mean it doesn't look like to your point there's really a dominant player there. One might emerge, of course, as it could be the case in any business, but there doesn't appear to be one now. Right now, I think it's still in the thousand flowers blooming stage.
Timm Schneider: Okay. I appreciate it. And I'll be back next week for some more questions, but appreciated it for now.
Steve Kean: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Shneur Gershuni with UBS. Your line is open.
Shneur Gershuni: Hi guys. Just wanted to follow-up on an earlier question about the volume change on EPNG, as I sort of think back to 2018 before things got crazy on the Waha spreads and so forth, if I recall you put in a little bit of capital that are very high-return capital to sort of take care of the challenge at the time of trying to address the spread issues. And so the concept was that when PHP Gulf Coast came into service that those opportunities would go away. Is that kind of what we're seeing now, or is it this seasonal response that was given in response to the question? Just trying to -- I'm trying to understand that this is the temporal earnings that were going away were always expected to go away, but was very profitable at the time.
Steve Kean: Okay. Tom Martin?
Tom Martin: Yeah. I mean, I think the macro response I gave is probably the bigger picture answer. I think there were clearly some very lucrative opportunities early on. We captured those opportunities by spending a little capital doing some term contracts on those. And clearly as those deals come up for re-contracting they'll be a bit lower. But again we're not talking about material dollars here. I think really the bigger picture answer is the one that matters the most. And it's the macro fundamentals that I described earlier.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay. Got it. Thank you very much. I appreciate the colors. Thank you.
Operator: And there are currently no further questions.
Steve Kean: Thank you very much. Have a good evening.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-21 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode, until the question-and-answer session of today’s conference. [Operator Instructions] I would like to inform all parties that today’s conference is being recorded. If you have any objection, you may disconnect at this time. I’d now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. Thank you. You may begin.
Rich Kinder: Thank you, Sheila. Before we begin, as I always do I’d like to remind you that KMI’s earnings release today and this call include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosures on forward-looking statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release, as well as review our latest filings with the SEC for important material assumptions, expectations and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking statements. Let me begin by saying that over the last several quarters, I've started these calls with a review of our financial philosophy and strategy at Kinder Morgan. I look back and looked at what I've said over the last few quarters and the message has been very consistent. And it is this, we generate significant amounts of cash. And we'll use that cash to fund our expansion CapEx needs, pay our dividends, and to keep our balance sheet strong, and occasionally on an opportunistic basis to repurchase shares. We will use a disciplined approach to approving any new projects. And that's exactly what we're doing even in this challenging year of 2020, which I believe shows the resilience and strength of our collection of midstream assets. Now as we look beyond this year, we can't predict with any accuracy what the future will bring in terms of a return to normalcy for our economy and our lifestyle. But we are confident that KMI will continue to generate strong cash well in excess of our expansion CapEx needs and the funding of our current dividend that will allow us to maintain a strong balance sheet and return significant additional cash to our shareholders through increased dividends and our share repurchases. So the results and outlook are that positive, why is that not reflected in our stock price? I'm certainly no expert on that subject. But it appears that many investors are not committing any funds to the energy business without any consideration of the unique characteristics of our midstream sector. Now, we are not climate change deniers and we recognize the growing momentum of renewables in America's energy mix. That said, there is a long runway for the products we handle, particularly natural gas. For a clear-eyed examination of the role of fossil fuels and the energy transit transition, I recommend everyone read the excellent new book “The New Map” by Pulitzer Prize winner Daniel Yergin. In it he details in specific terms the need for oil and particularly natural gas in the coming decades, and indicates the importance of existing energy infrastructure like ours. Now beyond the present use of our assets, our extensive pipeline infrastructure can play an important role in facilitating many of the changes being advocated to lessen global emissions. To name just three examples, if green hydrogen becomes a reality, we can move some amount of it through our pipes. If refiners produce renewable diesel, we can transport that through our product pipelines. And if CCUS advances, we have more experience in moving CO2 and injecting it underground than virtually any other company in America. In short, to paraphrase Mark Twain, the rumors of our death are greatly exaggerated. And with that, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steve Kean: All right, thank you, Rich. So I'll give you an overview of our business and then turn it over to our President Kim Dang to cover the outward and segment updates. Our CFO, David Michels will take you through the financials. And then we'll take three questions. Our financial principles remain the same, maintaining a strong balance sheet, or maintaining our capital discipline through our return criteria, a good track record of execution and by self-funding our investments and on that front, we evaluated all of our 2020 expansion capital projects and reduced CapEx by about $680 million from a 2020 budget for almost 30%. That was in response to the changing conditions in our markets. We still have over 1.7 billion of expansion capital in 2020 on good returning project investments. We're also maintaining cost discipline. We now stand at about $188 million of expense and sustaining capital cost savings for 2020, including deferrals about 118 million of that is permanent savings we believe. The result of this work on our capital budget and our costs is that our projected DCF less discretionary capital spend is actually improved, versus our plan by about $135 million to our 2020 plan and about $600 million, versus our 2019 actuals all that, notwithstanding the pandemic. We more than offset the degradation to our DCF forecast, with spending and capital investment cuts in 2020. Finally, we are returning value to shareholders with the 5% year-over-year dividend increase to $1.05 annualized providing an increased but well covered dividends. So strong balance sheet capital and cost discipline and returning value to our shareholders. You'll note that we omitted the reference to getting to $1.45 dividend that we projected back in 2017. omitting $1.25, is not backing away from further dividend increases, we remain committed to paying a healthy, well covered dividend. It's simply wise we believe to preserve flexibility to return value to shareholders in the best way possible for shareholders, especially in light of a share price the chosen eight plus percent yield on a well-covered dividend. We will review dividend policy with the Board Following completion of our 2021 budget process. We have accomplished some important work so far during 2020, which I believe will lead to long-term distinction to our company. First as Kim will cover, we've been successful in advancing our Permian highway pipeline project under very difficult circumstances, including local opposition, legal and permit challenges and by the way, a global pandemic too. We're distinguishing ourselves and demonstrating to our customers and partners, our ability to get projects done in difficult conditions. Second, we are already an efficient operator but we are getting more efficient and more cost effective. We believe that is one of the keys to success in our business for the long-term. As I mentioned last quarter, our management team is in the midst of an effort to examine how we are organized and how we operate, we are centralizing certain functions in order to be more efficient and effective and we are making appropriate changes to how we manage and how we are staffed and I believe that we will achieve substantial savings. Additionally, as always, we'll be evaluating costs and revenues as part of our annual budget process, which we're also in the midst of right now. We'll bring those two efforts to a close in the coming weeks and incorporate the results into our 2021 guidance. It's essential to be cost effective, while also maintaining our commitment to safe and compliant operations. That's embedded in our values, our culture, and then how we put our budget together. The management team is committed to these objectives too and that commitment is also critical to our long-term success. Third, we soon be publishing our ESG report. We have incorporated ESG reporting and risk management into our existing management processes. The report will explain how, in the meantime, Sustainalytics has ranked us number one in our sector for how we manage ESG risk. These things are all important to our long-term success and we advanced the ball significantly on all three in 2020. So what have we been doing during the pandemic, we're completing a major new fully contracted natural gas pipeline in the face of opposition. We're expanding our gas network in Texas and have expanded our terminal capabilities in the Houston Ship Channel. We reduced costs and capital expenditures, actually increasing our cash flow after CapEx for the year, we continue to advance the ball on ESG, and we're also completing organizational restructuring at the same time. All this while keeping all of our assets running safely, reliably and efficiently and continuing to originate new business. I'm grateful for the quality of our people and the strength of our culture two things we probably don't have emphasize enough. One more thing, there's a lot of discussion around our sector right now about ongoing energy transition and I'd like to make a few points about how we participate. First, we and many objective experts, as Richard mentioned, believes that natural gas is essential to being the world's energy needs, and meeting climate objectives. As it has here in the U.S. U.S. natural gas will play a significant role and our assets are well positioned to benefit from that opportunity. More important to us is the value of what we specifically do, which is less about providing the commodity itself and more about providing the transportation and storage capacity or deliverability. The value of that increases for the power sector as more intermittent resources are relied on for power generation. Natural gas is clean, affordable, reliable and pipelines deliver that commodity by the safest, most efficient, most environmentally sound means. We'll continue to look for additional ways to benefit from the long-term energy transition, including the role of our infrastructure in firming, intermittent renewable resources, which is what I just mentioned, our marketing of our low methane emissions performance, as responsibly produced and transport of natural gas. That's a good synergy between our ESG performance that's lowering our methane emissions overall, in our commercial opportunities. We're distinguishing ourselves as an environmentally responsible provider and increasingly that matters to our customers. Further down the road, there may be hydrogen blending opportunities in our natural gas pipelines. And if the incentives are adequate, captured manmade CO2 to be transported on our CO2 pipelines and used for EOR. We'll also continue to evaluate other opportunities in the renewable sector that is always will be very disciplined. The G and ESG is critically important and we won't forget about that. We believe that winners in our sector will have strong balance sheets, low cost operations that are safe and environmentally sound and the ability to get things done in difficult circumstances. As always, we'll evolve to meet the challenges and opportunities we face. And with that, I'll turn it over to Kim.
Kim Dang: Okay. Thanks, Steve. Today, I'm going to go through a review of each of our business segments, as well as a high-level summary of the full year forecast. So first, starting with the natural gas segment, transport volumes were down about 2% or approximately 575,000 dekatherms per day versus the third quarter of 2019 that was driven primarily by lower LNG demand, competition from Canadian deliveries and lower Rockies production. These declines were partially offset by a full quarter of volumes on our GCX pipeline that went into service last year. Physical deliveries to LNG facilities off our pipelines were down about 700,000, dekatherms a day versus the third quarter of 2019. They were also down versus the second quarter of this year. However, we have seen a recovery in those volumes and current volumes are nearing pre-pandemic levels. Exports to Mexico were very strong in the quarter and they were up 500 a day when compared to the third quarter of 2019 and over 650 per day versus the second quarter of this year. Deliveries to power plants were up 5% driven by coal switching and warmer weather. Our gathering volumes were down about 13% in the quarter compared to the second quarter of 2019. For gathering volumes, I think the more informative comparison in the current environment is versus the second quarter of 2020. So compared to the second quarter volumes were down about 4%. KinderHawk, which serves the Haynesville was down due to lack of drilling and decline in existing wells, however, we're still expecting based on conversations with customers and a forward curve on natural gas prices to see new drilling in the Haynesville in 2021. The bright spot in the quarter was volumes on our Highland system and the Bakken, which were up approximately 30% versus the second quarter of this year. On our natural gas projects, we completed out Elba during the quarter and the facility is now fully in service. On PHP, we're now about 97% mechanically complete and we expect to be fully in service in early 2021. On a product pipeline segment, refined products volumes were down about 16% for the quarter versus a third quarter of 2019 as a result of the continued pandemic impact. The 16% compares to about a 14% reduction that EIA shows for the third quarter. So our volumes are slightly worse than the EIA and that's primarily because jet fuel is a percentage of our total volumes is greater than it is for the EIA mix. For each month in the quarter, we did see an improvement in volumes over the prior month. For October, we're currently expecting volumes to be off approximately 13% versus the prior year. The 13% is comprised of road fuels off about 5% and jet fuel approaching off 50%. Crude and condensate volumes were down about 17% in the quarter versus 2019, but improved versus by about 11% over the second quarter. In terminals we experienced decline in our refined products throughput of about 22%. But here the impact of lower volumes is mitigated by the fixed take or pay contracts that we have. But for those of you who are trying to read through to demand, I would point out that the percentage is significantly impacted by imports in the northeast and exports in the Gulf Coast. If you look at our rack facilities, which is probably a better gauge of what's happening with demand, they were off about 11% in the quarter, our liquid utilization percentage, which is a more accurate predictor of the health of this business, given the structure of our contracts remain tight at about 96%. If you exclude tanks out of service for required inspection utilization is 98%. The bulk side of our business which accounts for roughly 20% of the terminal segment earnings was impacted by weakness in coal and petroleum coke volumes. In CO2 oil production was down approximately 12% and CO2 sales volumes were down approximately 33%. However, lower OpEx and help on oil prices more than offset the lower volumes. Our team's done a tremendous job of adjusting to the current reality, they've achieved cost savings both on the OpEx and the capital side. They've reevaluated and cut capital projects that didn't meet our return criteria and therefore free cash flow from this segment is expected to be better than budget and better than 2019. For the full year, our guidance remains the same as we gave you last quarter. We expect to be below planned by slightly more than 8% on EBITDA and slightly more than 10% on DCF. Embedded in this guidance is over $187 million in cost savings between G&A, OpEx and sustaining CapEx. To give you a better sense of what we're projecting on fourth quarter volumes. For refined products within the products pipeline segment, we're estimating volumes to be off about 10% versus the prior year. On crude and condensate volumes, we're estimating volumes to increase by approximately 5% versus what we saw in the third quarter. And on natural gas gathering volumes, we're expecting volumes in the fourth quarter to be essentially flat with what we saw in the third. And debt to EBITDA, expecting to finish the year at approximately 4.6x debt to EBITDA, so slightly better on this metric than what we told you last quarter. And with that, I'll turn it over to David Michels.
David Michels: Great. Thank you, Kim. Today we're declaring a dividend of $1.26, $1.25 per share, or dollar $1.05 annualized, which is flat with last quarter. For our quarterly performance, our revenues were down 295 million from the third quarter of 2019 driven in part by lower natural gas prices in Q3 of this year versus Q3 of last year. And those lower natural gas prices also drove a decline and associated cost of sales of $107 million, which partially offset the lower revenues. Net income attributable to KMI was 455 million for the quarter 10% down from the third quarter of 2019, our adjusted earnings is a bit higher at 485 million down 5% from the third quarter of 2019. Adjusted earnings per share was $1.21 for the quarter down $0.01 from the prior period. Moving on to DCF performance for the third quarter. The natural gas segment was down $8 million with lower contributions driven by our sale of our Cochin pipeline, along with lower volumes on our South Texas and KinderHawk gathering and processing systems partially offset by contributions from Elba liquefaction and Gulf Coast Express projects coming online. Our product segment was down 67 million driven by lower refined products volumes as well as lower crude and condensate contributions mainly due to demand impacts from the pandemic as well as lower oil prices. Our terminal segment was down 49 million, driven mostly by the sale of KML and the terminals associated with that business as well as lower refined products, coal, steel and pet coke volumes. Our CO2 segment was up $5 million due to lower operating costs and improved year-over-year realized pricing given improved Midland Cushing hedges more than offsetting the lower CO2 demand and lower produced crude oil in that segment. The G&A and corporate charges were lower by $18 million driven by lower non-cash pension expenses, the sale of KML as well as cost savings. The JV DD&A and non-controlling interest items combined show a $24 million reduction driven mainly by our partner at Elba liquefaction sharing in greater contributions from that facility. That brings us to adjusted EBITDA of 125 million or 7% lower than the third quarter of 2019. Below EBITDA interest expense was $61 million favorable versus last year, driven by lower floating rates benefiting our interest rate swaps as well as lower debt balance, partially offset by lower capitalized interest. Our cash taxes were higher in the third quarter by $37 million due to deferred payments at Citrus plantation and Texas margin tax from the second quarter of 2020 into the third quarter. For the full year cash taxes are fairly close to our budget. The other item, the main driver behind our other item, favorable $34 million was the change in the schedule of our contributions to our pension plan. In 2019, we made the entire annual contribution to our pension plan in the third quarter, and this year, we began making quarterly contributions. Overall, we expect to contribute $10 million more in 2020 versus 2019 to our pension plan. Total DCF of 1,085,000,000 was down 5% from the third quarter of last year and our DCF per share of $0.48 is down $0.02 from last year. On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter at 4.6x debt to EBITDA and expect to end the year at the same level, which is up slightly from last quarter at 4.5x and up from 4.3x at year end 2019. During the quarter, we had a very nice capital markets execution. In August, we issued $750 million of 10 year senior notes with a 2% coupon and $500 million of 30-year senior notes with a 3.25% coupon and those were the lowest ever achieved 10-year and 30-year issuances coupons associated with those 10 and 30-year issuances respectively for KMI. The issuance is also further bolstered our already strong liquidity position as those proceeds more than covered the amount of debt maturing in the quarter. So at the end of the quarter, we had a undrawn $4 billion credit facility and over $600 million of cash on hand. Our net debt ended the quarter at 32.6 billion down 433 million from year end and up 189 versus last quarter. To reconcile the quarter, the quarter changes, we generated 1,085,000,000 of distributable cash flow, we spent $600 million in dividends, 400 million on growth CapEx and JV contributions and had a $270 million work in capital use and that gets you mostly to the $189 million for the change from year end, we generated 3.347 billion of distributable cash flow, we brought in $900 million from the Pembina share sale in the first quarter. We've paid out dividends of 1.77 billion. We've spent 1.4 billion on growth capital and JV contributions. We've spent 235 million on taxes associated with the Transmountain and Pembina share sales. We thought we've bought back 50 million of KMI shares, and we've had $360 million of working capital use mostly interest expense paid and that explains the majority of the $433 million reduction in net debt from year end. And with that, I will turn it back to Steve.
Steve Kean: Okay. Thanks, David. So Sheila, we'll open it up to questions. And I'll remind you, as we've done in the past that as a courtesy to all callers, we're going to ask that you limit your questions to one question per person with one follow-up. However, if you do have additional unanswered questions, get back in the queue and we will come back around to you. Okay. Sheila?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: Maybe just starting off with a high-level question here on the pace of recovery, it's obviously difficult to tell here but just wondering what your thoughts are. If you look at the G&P segment, I'm wondering what you could tell us as far as what type of activity you're seeing in the quarter, and how you think that might recover over the next couple of quarters? And a similar question on the product demand side? What do you think now -- when do you think it's possible to get towards kind of pre-COVID levels just trying to get a better feel for how this could unfold over the next couple of quarters here?
Steve Kean: Okay, yes, fair enough. I mean, broadly, as you heard from the numbers that Kim went through, we're continuing to see month-over-month improvements on the refined products side of things, things bumped back up big in the second quarter and in the third quarter, it's been more gradual, but we're still seeing month-over-month improvements but it's gradual. And I think, we don't have any special insight into how quickly people will return to driving or certainly starting to diesel volumes has remained fairly strong. Jet is I think most people would say, and I think we would say that jet is likely to lag. But its impact on us is relatively smaller than what its volume impact is. So about 12% of what we handle in our refined products business is jet, but it only comes down to about 8% of the EBITDA for those segments. And then, for KMI overall, it's about 12% of refined products, 3.5% of the combined refined products and terminal segments on EBITDA contribution. So 1% for KMI overall that's the whole of object volume. So 12% of the total volumes, but only 8% of the EBITDA, okay? On G&P, so gradual recovery there. On G&P, as Kim said, when we look at the change versus last quarter, it's a much smaller change than what it was on a year-over-year basis. And there I mean, I think the recovery is going to be, we saw a big comeback in the Bakken, for example, I think the Eagle Ford will probably continue to lag. The Haynesville is also lagging but we expect that's going to start turning around because we do need to produce natural gas in the United States. And if we're not going to produce it, to meet demand, if we're not going to produce it and associated gas plays, it's going to come from the dry gas plays and the Haynesville is well positioned for that and our assets are well positioned on the dry gas plays from an interstate standpoint, on TGP for the Marcellus and Utica and from a gathering standpoint for the Haynesville and very capital efficient increases in production that we can achieve there. So look, it's a bit of a mixed bag across the G&P landscape but that's directionally how we have sized it up.
Jeremy Tonet: That's very helpful. Thanks. And maybe just turning to California and energy transition, as you guys talked about before. In California, we see the internal combustion engine phase out plans and see a greater penetration from EV and biodiesel. And just, putting all together thinking about these refineries potentially close in there. How does this impact KMI or more importantly, how does KMI, I guess respond to this going forward?
Steve Kean: Yes. So there are pluses and minuses on, I'll start with the plus side. As refineries convert to generate more renewable diesel, we can handle renewable diesel in our pipelines, we can handle it in our storage tanks. We think there may be opportunities for us to develop in our products pipeline segments and additional facilities to handle increases in renewable diesel that come out of the developments in California. In California it is heavily subsidized. And so it will make sense for people to make those investments and we're looking for ways that we can participate. So I mean, I think just broadly, there are some things that we have to pay attention to in terms of being able to track renewable content, which becomes more challenging once we get over the 5% level but we can adapt and adjust to that. But I think the easy way to think about it is renewable diesel looks like regular diesel when it's in our pipes and tanks. On the negative side certainly we've seen the announcement about the intent to phase out really eliminate internal combustion engine sales in new cars in California, a couple points that I would make that kind of mitigate that. One is not all of our volumes on our SFPP system serve California market. Some of it moves to serve Arizona as well as serving Nevada, both in the Las Vegas and Reno market. And the other thing is, it takes a while and we'll talk about between now and 2035. It takes about 10 to 12 years to roll over the vehicle fleet, et cetera. So there are a number of things that really mitigate that impact for us on to the fine product side.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ujjwal Pradhan with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Ujjwal Pradhan: Firstly on M&A, Steve, we know we have seen a wave of upstream M&A recently, and midstream sector appears to be primed for it as well, with recent headlines around certain G&P companies exploring sell. If a deal were to satisfy your criteria for leverage in DCF accretion, which area of business would KMI prioritize pursuing M&A again?
Steve Kean: I'll give you, a really key point there, which is it has to meet the criteria that includes meeting balance sheet criteria, as well as being a business that I think generally we're already in and that we're confident that we can operate that we can bring some additional synergies to, we can always bring cost synergies, we believe we are an efficient operator, but we have to find other things that we can do. Look, I think there are two parts of this. I mean, certainly the activity that's going on in E&P right now, I mean, I think that's a good thing for the sector. And I think, indirectly, therefore, good thing for midstream in the sense that you're getting stronger more well capitalized players with plans to continue to develop I think and they're doing it in a way that doesn't, harm the entity going forward. I think too big of a premium, for example, et cetera. In midstream, we continue to keep our eye on relative valuations with all those criteria that I mentioned. And we're going to be very conservative and very disciplined about our participation there. The other thing I think we'll begin to see more of but it's kind of -- it's on the sidelines right now is asset packages coming on the market. There's a lot of those evaluations, I think were put on hold back in March and April and do think that we'll start to see a little bit more activity there. And we're in that information flow and if we find something that's attractive, as we did on a fairly small scale at the end of last year, we'll look to act on those. So not yet, really seeing it in midstream. But we think there may be some asset sales that come online later in the process here. Kevin, anything that you want to add to that?
KevinGrahmann: No. I think you covered it all very well, Steve.
Ujjwal Pradhan: Got it. Thanks for that Steve. And second question on additional thoughts on shareholder return here? How are you weighing buyback versus distribution group? And the question here is, given that distributions have not been rewarded recently, would you say that buybacks may be a better option than your current intention to raise distributions to the $1.25 per share level?
Steve Kean: Yes. I think both Rich and I covered it at the beginning. We're looking at what the best way is to return excess cash to shareholders, maintain a strong balance sheet, invest in projects and good capital -- and good returns that are well above our cost of capital, et cetera. And you're right, I mean in the current environment with a security that's yielding over 8%, certainly, that's the case. However, we're going to be thoughtful about this and our board will be thoughtful about it, when they deliberate on it and make the decision, just because dividends are out of favor now, doesn't mean we shouldn't be paying them and shouldn't be increasing. And we think that that's a very valuable and reliable and steady way to return excess cash to our shareholders. And we believe that the market from time to time appreciate that from time to time, it doesn't. And I don't think we can make our decisions based on what is currently prioritized. But clearly, by saying what we said in the release, we're giving ourselves flexibility, which I think is as I said, it's a very wise thing for us to do in a time like this.
Operator: Thank you. Next we will hear from Colton Bean with Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Company. Your line is open.
Colton Bean: Appreciate the prepared remarks around energy transition and potential opportunities for the KMI asset base. Coming in from a slightly different angle, can you speak to your philosophy on capital structure in the context of transition?
Steve Kean: Capital structure and in what sense?
Colton Bean: Mostly thinking here in terms of the balance sheet and whether leverage the appropriate metric, is there some consideration of ratable [indiscernible]? Really just trying to understand, if there is, whether it's 2030 or 2060, if there is, some sort of timeline out there, how you evaluate that when you look at the balance sheet?
Steve Kean: Yes. No, I understand. Look, we still believe and Anthony can weigh in on this as well. But we still believe that the rating agencies believe that we are appropriately rated at BBB flat around 4.5x, when you look at our whole business mix. I'll make a little bit of a broader point here, I'm not the expert that you all are in other sectors. But in my casual observation of it, it's funny to me that in our sector, when we talk in terms of like, 2040, 2050, 2060, there aren't many businesses out there right now that can really be thinking in terms of that length of time for them to be in business and doing things that they're doing today. And so, I think there's no, there's no pressure there to do something different on a 4.5x when you think about that runway and when you think about the quality of our assets and the diversity of our cash flows and the length of our contract terms, the increasing irreplaceability of our assets, if you will, I mean, the harder it is to build new infrastructure, the flipside of that is that the existing infrastructure, which we haven't had a lot of becomes more valuable, all things being equal. And so I guess the short answer is no.
Colton Bean: Appreciate that. And then on the Rockies pipeline network, you mentioned some producer optimism in the Haynesville just given the moving strip here. Could you characterize recent conversations around the Rockies region, and whether that your thoughts on recontracting potential have shifted at all?
Steve Kean: I'll ask Tom Martin to speak to that. Tom?
Tom Martin: Yes. I mean, I think clearly, we're seeing less development activity in the Rockies than we were seeing probably a year ago. And so that certainly will have an impact on have excess capacity in that market. But I mean, I think, we have valued that, I think in the past appropriately and so I don't see that as a material change to us overall. Clearly, things that we've known about that are on the big contracting cliff, such as Ruby, things of that nature, we've considered that in our long-term plan and I don't see that really being impacted by the current change.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jean Ann Salisbury with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Jean Ann Salisbury: So we're expected to have too much gas takeaway out of the Permian next year, when PHP and Whistler start. Can you remind us how much of your existing gas takeaway there is undertake or pay and if we should expect significant cannibalization when PHP starts next year?
Steve Kean: The vast majority of it is under reservation fee-based contracts. So that's really EPMG and NGPL and the hill country pipeline, which is a smaller intrastate pipeline than the two new ones that we're building. So it's mostly preservation fee or take a pay base. I mean, I think that the one impact that we'll see, or that we started to see is that with less constraints, there's less of the short-term business that we were doing and getting nice rates for. So it does have some impact not to the base as much as to some of the upside opportunities that we have been seeing so it'll be some impact at the margin there. Tom, anything else you want to add to that?
Tom Martin: No. You covered it, Steve. Thank you.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Thanks. And then just one more about energy transition. So in a scenario where 2035 utility of gas demand drops significantly but to your point earlier, they still need very high availability of gas to cover a peak daily demand. How would you see contract structures with utilities and gas pipelines changing if at all? Do you think they'll have to kind of keep contracting their maximum daily quantities or pay you the same or pay less if you could just talk a little bit about how contract you think would change in that environment?
Steve Kean: Yes. We think that within the existing tariff structures that we have that largely we can accommodate that environment. And, for example, I will Tom to add any color here that he wants to. For example, if you need the power, or if you need the gas deliverability for three hours every day, but you don't need it for 24 hours a day, well, it doesn't have to be sold, that way, we can sell it on a long-term basis at max rate or in a negotiated rate. And people have, they pay to have the capacity available when they need to call on it, that now that might mean that utilization goes down. But as somebody who contracts for and charges for our services based on the reservation of the capacity itself, then we think that we can't -- we have successfully worked through that and gotten renewals on good terms with our customers, including in California, and we've sold capacity to merchants, et cetera, who are holding it on the same idea. Now, they can capture the upside on a spike, for example but we can parlay it into term contracting. So we are looking at other new service structures that we should be considering that would be more attuned to variable demand from power generators. And we may have some ideas there. And we may make some proposals there, including on the storage front, but I think we can manage within the structure we have.
Tom Martin: I think that's right, Steve. I mean, I do, we are starting to see some variable type services being contracted out west. But the long and short of it is we're getting really good value on our capacity, whether it's sold on a 24-hour basis and used less or -- and/or selling variable services to meet that that growing need really have capacity to backstop renewables.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Got it. So you do have examples where the next [indiscernible] quantity isn’t much higher than the utilization but utilities can still pay it through that contract structure?
Tom Martin: Yes. We do have some of those services that we sell out west.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Shneur Gershuni with UBS. Your line is open.
Shneur Gershuni: Just wanted to come back to one of the earlier questions, unfortunate to use the question on this, but just with respect to the commentary around buybacks and the dividend, maybe I'm paraphrasing here a little bit here. But you added buybacks efficiently to your press release, which I didn't really see last time you've talked about the increased flexibility, is the right way for us to think about this on a go forward basis that there's you definitely are focused on flexibility. You see where the yield is today? And is it fair to conclude that you're basically looking at an option where you maybe increase the dividend at a smaller rate, but that you look to pair return of capital needs to shareholders via using buybacks? And so it gets sort of be a twin announcement in January, rather than specifically around the dividend? Is that the right way for us to be thinking about that as one of the options you're considering?
Steve Kean: Two things, one is that again, we'll complete our budget process and talk to the Board about how to look at dividend policy for 2021. But yes, as I said, we are by talking about buybacks, and of course, we've been talking about buybacks for a while we've used about 575 board authorized 2 billion of capacity, we did a little bit earlier this year, for example. So that's not a new message. I think what's new is that we are emphasizing the flexibility by not specifically talking about $1.25 in a timeframe on $1.25. So the answer is yes on retaining flexibility and that that is what we're trying to get across today.
Shneur Gershuni: Perfect. And maybe as a follow up question, I realize it’s a little early to be talking about guidance given your still in your budgeting process. But on the last call, there were some discussion around CapEx potentially being as low as a billion dollars for growth CapEx. You also made further emphasis on reducing costs and that we believe can sort of address that in the prepared remarks as well too. How have things evolved in your thinking since the second quarter? Do you see deeper cuts on both on the horizon? Just any color that you can provide and how you're thinking directionally on both operating costs from where we sit today, as well as the discussion on CapEx from the last call where the billion dollars came up?
SteveKean: Yes. So, we are in the middle of our process right now. But I think one thing that has emerged fairly clearly, and I don't think it's all that surprising, but we talked about being at the low end of the range, I'm sorry, below the historical range of 2 billion to 3 billion and responded, yes, when you ask, maybe as little as a billion, I think that's shaping up to be pretty good assumption for 2021. Because we can kind of see that, we can sort of see the projects late from here. And so that kind of low $1 billion range is, looks reasonable. Everything else that you mentioned is really getting worked through right now. I mentioned the cost savings evaluation that we've done. And in parallel, we've been working on our budget and really are getting in the thick of that as we review our business unit budgets in the coming weeks here. And so all that is going to have to get folded together and it's a little more complicated than it's been in past years as you might expect, because of that, but still expect we're going to be able to give you a guidance, it might not be on the exact anniversary of when we did it last year, but we still think we can pull those together and give you some indication.
Shneur Gershuni: Perfect. I really appreciate the color that you provided. And I'll jump back in the queue to ask about a minute renewable natural gas question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Spiro Dounis this with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Spiro Dounis: Steve, curious, did you go through the budget process here and go through all the assets with a fine-tooth comb again, getting out of the Analyst Day? Has the downturn changed the way you think about some of your assets and whether or not they're still core of the business? Just curious if anything sort of been permanently shifted lower and thinking about certain assets, maybe still carrying our way from a free cash flow perspective? Does that present any disposition candidates now that maybe you didn't think about earlier in the year?
Steve Kean: You get to kind of hear a repeat of the way we've talked about this before, but I think we've done -- we did our obviously our Canadian divestitures for a variety of reasons, you saw that. Most of what we've been doing, since then has been relatively small and kind of pruning to align things, John Schlosser and his team have done a great job over the years of sort of migrating us more toward refined products hubs and a little bit away from these kind of islands and both terminal assets, we saw some very, very good bulk terminal assets. But I think we've done a good job of kind of pruning. And then, I'll say the other thing that we always say, which is, we are a shareholder driven company, and if values appear and they're worthwhile and our shareholders are going to be better off on the other side of the transaction than they were on the way in, then we will consider it. We are a shareholder driven company. And so even if it's a business that relies get the value is really strong and robust. We'll consider those things, too.
Spiro Dounis: Okay, fair enough and we'll get pretty consistent there. If I could just get you to apply them on natural gas price [indiscernible] '21. And that's not a major driver for you but just giving you a position on both the supply side and demand side seems like you'd have a pretty unique view here. And I guess, as we enter next year, obviously, there's supply constraints and the associated gas basins. Imagine on demand side, we're not going to have the same sort of LNG cancellations that we saw this year and so that's sort of moving the other direction. Just given where the price outlook is now above three -- could that actually get tighter from here? Are you seeing enough, I guess resiliency in the gas basins, maybe a recovery [indiscernible] to sort of offset that on the supply side?
Steve Kean: So supply is drifting down because of the associated gas plays and demand is going up. And I'm not a commodities trader, but that looks -- it's going to drive prices higher. And of course, that's what we're beginning to see. I think the other phenomenon, though that has to be factored in there is that, I don't -- I think that there is a bit of a lag in reflex time or response time here in terms of making the switch from associated gas to the dry gas plays and the people are getting their plans together. And we've had good conversations with customers, et cetera. But I think you're probably right, we are the swing supplier from the global LNG standpoint, but I think earlier this year was unusual in terms of the level of cancellations. I think LNG has been going back up, I think, Tom, it's like 7.8 BCF a day now, which is kind of in line with where it was pre-COVID. And we've got some additional facilities that are coming on, that are going to drive demand further, something's got to come in and fill that in. And it seems like that's lagging a little bit. Now, a lot has been reflected in the price already. But it seems like there could be some still some volatility and maybe some continued upward pressure, Tom anything else you want to point to that you observe?
Tom Martin: No. I think you covered it all. I mean, it is a need for dry gas development. And that doesn't happen overnight. And I think the demand signals for 2021 look good. And so, we could see things fairly tight, I think at least the first half of ’21 probably drawing down storage levels lower certainly than we have in recent times to help fill some of that. And then, we really need to see response from the producer community for the second half of ‘21 and beyond.
Steve Kean: It's doesn’t directly affect us as it does the producer segment. But we do benefit from some volatility and people's need to have storage and full on storage or we'll get some benefit out of that I think derivatively.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Tristan Richardson with Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Tristan Richardson: Just a quick one, follow-up on the whole energy transition topic. You mentioned in your prepared remarks that you guys do and have evaluated more kind of renewable oriented projects. Can you talk about return hurdles, or projects that could conceivably make sense for KMI competitive with traditional midstream projects or do the acceptable return metrics look different just because this is a different opportunity set with a different growth profile?
Steve Kean: Yes. So the returns are lower and lower than what we would see in midstream investments. And the argument is that there's so much capital available for those opportunities that the cost of capital is lower and ultimately reflected to the equity cost of capital for companies that are directly in that business. I don't see us gambling on an uplift in our overall equity value. Because we start to make some investments in solar panels or windmills. I think we're going to, as I said continue to be very disciplined. We've got a lot to work with in terms of what Tom and his team can do to complement renewable generation as I mentioned, marketing, marketing, the fact that we are a very low emission -- methane emission source of supply and transportation service. So things like that, it don't require us to compromise on returns for our shareholders, but still, nevertheless, allow us to participate. And I think participate in a meaningful way. The other things are, Jack and his team, as I mentioned, they are looking hard at the renewable diesel opportunities. And I think we can look, we can see returns in those businesses that are nice and very consistent with and some cases may be at high-end as some of the returns that we would get in our midstream business. John Schlosser is looking at the same thing in his business, his refined product terminal business. But I think we're looking to participate in a way that that doesn't compromise on our return criteria.
Tristan Richardson: Very helpful. And then one last one on the buyback topic and the word flexibilities been used a lot this afternoon. And seems like that's where the emphasis is. I think there's been some prescription out there in a lower growth environment that a buyback program should be programmatic. I think that would actually probably take away from that flexibility. Is that a fair way to think about your opinion on a programmatic type of buyback plan?
Steve Kean: Our view really hasn't changed on that. Opportunistic is the is the operative term. And that's the way we've administered the program that's already in that program, but the authorization that the Board has already put in place and we would expect that to be to continue that approach be opportunistic in our purchases.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pearce Hammond with Simmons Energy. Your line is open.
Pearce Hammond: Steve, how should we think about 2021 adjusted EBITDA? What do you see is the high level puts and takes around next year's outlook for Kinder Morgan?
Steve Kean: I don't have one for you until we finished the budget process. Look, this is something that I think it happens every call, that's the third quarter call, which is we report on the quarter, and people are naturally turning their attention to the year ahead. And so are we, but we're not done yet. And so, I think we'll save that until we until we finish that work. And then we'll let people know where we think we're coming out.
Pearce Hammond: Okay. I understand. Thank you, Steve. And then, following up on an earlier question from one of the analysts about E&P M&A, and kind of the big wave that we’ve seen? Do you think that that big wave ultimately places pressure on the midstream sector to consolidate or does that not play a role?
Steve Kean: I don't think it really plays a role. I think that it will proceed on its own course. People have been pointing out really for seven or eight years now that there are probably too many midstream energy companies to actually serve the market need and therefore there should be some consolidation. And but it really hasn't happened in a material way other than the kind of internal consolidation, if you will, animal feed and GT is combining those sorts of things. But there's still a rationale for it is what I'd say. And I point to all the factors I talked about an answer, the earlier question is the things that need to come together in order for us, it can make sense to us to act on particularly in these times. And particularly in these times. point is that there's still a lot of uncertainty out there. I mean, we're not on the other side of the downturn to U.S. energy not on the other side of the virus, certainly yet. And so I think there remains a fair degree of uncertainty out there.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we will hear from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Lapides: Real easy one here, there's a lot of smaller E&Ps thing and a few larger ones that are in distress, financial distress. Can you talk about kind of your broad exposure to them? And how much in the way of either contract rejection risk or something contract renegotiation risk presents itself when you're going through the planning process and thinking about 2021 and beyond?
Steve Kean: Okay. Yes. Few things on that, for us that we believe, we provide essential services to these producers. And so generally, we have some insulation from contract rejection to the extent that they -- and that'll vary from basin to basin, okay, it's a, but if they're going to continue to produce, they need to continue to get their product to market and where they're providing important services for their ability to do that. And so that always enters into the rejection affirmation discussions. And, we've got, I'd say, balanced, if you look now at where we are probably less than 1% on a revenue basis exposed in 2020 to B- and below, still running like 75% of our revenues. Revenues from customers that are above, I think it's 5 million is the threshold, it might be 10. But anyway, our customers 75% are investment grade have provided substantial credit support. We have experienced about $40 million credit hit from producer bankruptcies for 2020. And again, I think we have a number of things that we can do that help insulate us, including calling for adequate credit support, including having assets that provide services that are needed, whether it's by the company or the debtor in possession.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Elvira Scotto with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Elvira Scotto: I have a couple of follow ups. On the upstream M&A, I know you mentioned that in a way as more upstream merge it's a benefit having larger, better capitalized customers? What are your thoughts on? Do you think that this also would benefit the larger more integrated midstream companies that can provide more services or have more bigger footprint? Do you think that that actually works to your benefit?
Steve Kean: The upstream consolidation working to the benefit of the integrated?
Elvira Scotto: Yes. The larger midstream companies with larger assets?
Steve Kean: Yes. I think I mentioned this earlier, but what I think it is good overall, not just for that sector, but for ours as well, that we're getting producer combinations out there that are producing healthy companies that intend to continue to produce oil and natural gas and are coming out in good shape from those transactions, or the company emerged from the other side of those transactions in good shape. And I think that's always helpful. Now, I think it's a question of how quickly do they form the new drilling plans and all of that sort of thing, but I think it's a healthy thing overall, for the energy business and at least derivatively for our chapter.
Elvira Scotto: Got it. Okay. And then just one follow up on the energy transition question. You mentioned the ability to use your existing assets. And you talked about hydrogen and the ability to use your existing gas pipeline. So, natural gas pipelines can transport I think, anywhere from 5% to 15% hydrogen blend without really much modification, what would it be required to transport more hydrogen?
Steve Kean: Okay. Kim, do you want to take a shot at that one?
Kim Dang: Sure. I think the issue with transporting more hydrogen Elvira is embrittlement pipe, so it can cause cracking in certain types of steel. And then, on the compressors the issue is certain compressors, they can handle generally compressors within the last -- that are manufactured within the last 20 years, roughly, can generally handle hydrogen blends that are 10% or less. Compressors that are older than that may require some upgrades even to handle the 0% to 10%. But again, just like on the pipeline embrittlement, the compressor stations handle -- they may not be able to handle -- current compressor stations probably cannot handle greater blends than the 10% without some modification.
Steve Kean: The only thing I'd add to that Elvira is that we have to look at, or think about the downstream end users as well, can the power plants -- which power plants can take what levels of hydrogen -- the industrial uses, et cetera, you start to challenge the downstream end users as well.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Shneur Gershuni with UBS. Your line is open.
Shneur Gershuni: Just a follow-up question here. In the early part of the call with energy transition questions were a lot about the challenges, Elvira asked a great question on the hydrogen side. I was wondering about something that I think is more closer to home right now or more in the realm of our predictable timeframe, specifically on renewable natural gas, wondering if you can talk about whether it's something you already participating in and something where you see a growth opportunity right now and being able to utilize your existing footprint to take advantage of it.
Steve Kean: Kim go ahead.
Kim Dang: Okay, sure. Renewable natural gas right now is a relatively small market, it's probably about 100 million cubic feet a day. And the potential issues are that typically the supply forces which are landfills, dairy farms, wastewater treatment plants, those types of things have -- you can only get a small supply from those sources. And then, it's also very expensive so, the cost estimates I've seen on it are $15 to $30 for a dekatherm. So, those are the issues that would have to be overcome. But it is certainly something that we're looking at and that can be shipped on our pipelines.
Steve Kean: And we are transporting a little bit today to your question, we are doing it today, it's very small. To give you might also talk about, on the other hand, the size, and how we define it for responsible natural gas.
Kim Dang: Yes. On responsible natural gas, right now, that's in 2019, that supply was probably 11 BCF a day. So roughly 11% of the of the U.S. supply. And the way we think about it is, that's gas that is produced process transported with a commitment to reduce methane emissions to less than 1% by 2025. And so, we're part of a group, obviously, that has made that commitment. And the less than 1% midstream has an allocation of that less than 1% in the midstream allocation is 0.31. And we are well, well below that 0.31% and have been for a couple of years. And so we have had some customers talk to us about responsible natural gas. That it is -- these customers are marketing gas international customers. And so it has been important to them and important to their customers. And so I think there is no, we haven't seen a large acceptance of responsibly sourced gas. But we've had more recent conversations on this and it seems like it could be gaining importance.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Ujjwal Pradhan with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Ujjwal Pradhan: Thanks for taking my call up here, again. Just a quick one on Permian highway, it appears the pipeline's progress based on the completion level. It could be placed earlier into service next year. So if you're able to do so, in early Jan, do the contracts kick right away?
Steve Kean: They kick in after we have done our commissioning work, which is a gradual and somewhat unpredictable process. I mean, it's a big pipe, we got a lot of compressor stations on it. We got to make sure everything works, et cetera. But we would expect to be in service and have those contracts go into effect as we said in early 2021.
Operator: Thank you. And we're showing no further questions at this time.
Rich Kinder: All right. Thank you very much. We appreciate your attendance.
Steve Kean: Thanks all.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. Thank you again for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-22 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode, until the question-and-answer session of today’s conference. [Operator Instructions] I would like to inform all parties that today’s conference is being recorded. If you have any objection, you may disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. Thank you.
Richard Kinder: Thank you, Denise. As usual, before we begin, I’d like to remind you that KMI’s earnings release today and this call include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosures on forward-looking statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release, as well as review our latest filings with the SEC for important material assumptions, expectations and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking statements. Now, as I always do on these calls, let me talk briefly about our financial strategy at Kinder Morgan. To say that these are unprecedented times for the American economy is an understatement and particularly for the energy business. We faced the continued impact of COVID-19, together with the negative effect that virus has had on worldwide demand for most of the products we move through our pipelines and handle at our terminals. So the question is, what should our financial strategy be in the face of these black swan events? Actually, in our judgment, the response is pretty similar to the approach we’ve been using for the last few years. We will continue to prioritize returning value to our shareholders, while maintaining a solid investment-grade balance sheet. Specific to our balance sheet, we are fortunate to have paid down approximately $10 billion in debt since 2015. We’re also fortunate to have assets that throw off substantial cash flow, even under adverse circumstances. We need to live within that cash flow by funding all dividends and expansion CapEx from those internal – from these internally generated funds. We’re doing that today and expect to accumulate cash in excess of our dividends and our CapEx, even in the challenging year of 2020. As previously announced, we reduced our expected expansion budget by about 30% this year and are also reducing our operating expenses and sustaining CapEx, which Steve and Kim will talk about in just a few minutes. We’ve raised our dividend payout and expect to do more in that regard when normal economic conditions return. Looking beyond 2020, we believe we are operating in a maturing business segment and that our opportunities for viable expansion projects will likely be significantly less than we have experienced over the last several years. If that expectation proves accurate, they will probably reduce our growth potential, but will allow us to husband [ph] significant cash flow that we can use to increase our dividend, pay down debt and/or buy back shares under the right conditions. Our goal is to be disciplined in every respect. That means being very careful in high grading potential capital expansion expenditures and keeping a focus on operating our assets in the most efficient way possible. Now, most investors we talk with, whether generally positive or not on the KMI story, believe that given our size, attractive assets and relatively strong balance sheet, we will be a long-term survivor. With that in view, they see us as a potential consolidator in the midstream area. Let me say that while we would never rule out a potential M&A transaction, we will not undertake such action to the detriment of our balance sheet. Beyond that, it would have to be accretive to our distributable cash flow. One final thought. In unsettled times like these, the famous quote of Mark Twain comes to mind. He said, “It’s difficult to make predictions, particularly about the future.” That said, I believe in this kind of environment, staying power and maintaining a long-term outlook are keys to long-term success and the delivery of real value to our shareholders. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Steve.
Steven Kean: All right. Thanks, Rich. I’ll give you an overview of our business, including the coronavirus situation. I’ll give you an update on our Permian Highway Pipeline project. I’ll also provide some color on the organizational announcement that we’re making today. Then I’ll turn it over to Kim Dang to cover the outlook and segment updates. And then our CFO, David Michels, will take you through the financials, then we’ll take your questions. In times like these, it’s especially important for us to keep our priorities and principles in mind. Our priorities throughout the COVID response has been to keep our employees safe and to keep our businesses running. We operate infrastructure that is essential to businesses and communities across the country. We need to keep our assets running and we have. To protect our employees, we instituted telecommuting for our offices and that’s worked astonishingly well. We also made changes in our field operations to enable our coworkers to do their work, while maintaining appropriate physical distance. In a few cases where distancing was not possible, we enhanced our PPE requirements. It’s working, all of our assets are running, and we’re keeping our coworkers safe while they are at work. Community spread has continued and it’s affecting us, particularly in our Houston area locations. But telecommuting and the other precautions we are taking have allowed us to maintain effective, safe, reliable operations, while largely keeping our coworkers from contracting or spreading the virus while at work. Our financial principles remain the same. First, maintaining a strong balance sheet. Second, we are maintaining our capital discipline through our return criteria, a good track record of execution and by self-funding our investments. On that front, we evaluated all of our 2020 expansion capital projects and reduced CapEx by about $660 million from our 2020 budget in response to the changing conditions in our markets. We still have over $1.7 billion of expansion capital in 2020 on good project investments and a backlog of $2.9 billion, 71% of which is a natural gas. We’re also maintaining cost discipline. We now stand at nearly $170 million of expense in sustaining capital costs savings for 2020, including deferrals, up from $125 million that we reported to you in April. The result of this work on our capital budget and our costs is that our projected DCF less discretionary capital spend has actually improved versus our plan, notwithstanding the pandemic and notwithstanding the degradation to our forecast which more than offset the degradation to our forecast with spending cuts in 2020. Finally, we are returning value to shareholders with a 5% year-over-year dividend increase to $1.05 annualized, providing an increased, but well covered dividend. Strong balance sheet, capital and cost discipline and returning value to shareholders, those are the principles we continue to operate by. We continue to make very good progress on our Permian Highway Pipeline project, which is supported by long-term contracts with a take-or-pay structure. Construction is proceeding very well. And we are now nearly 80% mechanically complete on the pipeline, actually, 79% as of this morning, and we’re 97% complete on our mainline compression. We still expect to be fully in service in early 2021. Permitting delays preconstruction and some additional land acquisition and river crossing costs have impacted returns, but we are still looking at a strong double-digit unlevered after-tax return on this project. Our team has continued to overcome obstacles and the number of remaining obstacles has shrunk considerably, particularly in light of the Supreme Court decision to stay the injunction against the Army Corps Nationwide Rule 12 permitting process, but also as a result of adjustments the team has made in routing and construction. The other topic I want to touch on is the organizational changes that we made today. James Holland has been appointed Chief Operating Officer reporting to Kim. James has a long successful history at Kinder Morgan, including most recently as President of our Products Pipeline Group. We asked James to take on the leadership of our ongoing ESG and operational excellence initiatives. Also, we have asked James to lead our examination of cost effective changes in our organizational structure. Our management team is in the midst of an effort to determine how we operate and is considering centralizing certain functions in order to be more efficient and effective. We are already an efficient and lean organization. But we are always looking to do better, especially in today’s challenging environment. We believe that cost effectiveness is one of the keys to long-term success in our sector. It’s essential to be cost-effective, while also maintaining our commitment to safe and compliant operations, that’s embedded in our values, our culture, and in how we put the budget together. The management team is committed to these objectives, and James will help make us – make sure that we meet them. We expect to conclude this review concurrent with the preparation of our 2021 budget. We also announced Dax Sanders will take over as President of our Products Pipeline Group. Dax has had a long successful career here, too, has been first Chair on our acquisition and divestiture activity for over the last seven years. More than being the corporate development guy though, Dax has also been a key player in every significant strategic decision we have made. Now, he will bring his skills and experience to bear on leading a business unit and working with a great team in our Products Pipeline segment. Kevin Grahmann will take over Dax’s role in corporate development, and he will do a great job. We won’t miss a beat. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Kim.
Kimberly Allen Dang: Okay. Thanks, Steve. I’ll go through a review of each of the business segments, as well as a high-level summary of our current full-year forecast. So first, starting with the business units and natural gas. Natural gas transport volumes were up about 3%, or approximately 940,000 dekatherms per day versus the second quarter of 2019. That was driven by GCX, which went into service last September; TGP, due to increased LNG deliveries; CIG, due to heating demand and DJ Basin production; and volumes on our Texas intrastate due to demand growth. Physical deliveries to LNG facilities off of our pipelines were up over 900 per day versus Q2 2019, but they were down significantly versus the first quarter of this year. Exports to Mexico were flat in the second quarter when compared to the second quarter of 2019. Deliveries to power plants were up about 6%, driven by coal switching and warmer weather. And LDC demand on our system was down approximately 7%. Industrial demand was relatively flat. Our gathering volumes were down about 8% in the quarter compared to the second quarter of 2019. They were down 9% compared to Q1 of this year. KinderHawk, which serves the Haynesville and the – and our Oklahoma assets were down due to the lack of drilling and the decline in existing wells. Volumes on our Hiland system, which is in the Bakken, were down due to production shut-ins. In general, what we’re seeing in the Eagle Ford and the Bakken is that volumes bottomed out in May and June, respectively, with some increase in volumes thereafter, as producers started to bring back shut-in production. In the Haynesville, which did not have the shut-ins we saw in the associated plays, we expect continued volume decline this year due to the lack of drilling. However, we continue to have conversations with producers about incremental volumes in 2021, given the current natural gas price curve. In our Products Pipelines segment, refined products volumes were down about 31% for the quarter versus the second quarter of 2019 as a result of the pandemic and about the same percentage versus plan. So that’s slightly better than the 40% that we projected for the second quarter and our Q1 call. Volumes versus our budget were down over 40% in April, and then we saw recovery in May and again in June. And so in June, they were down about 24% versus our budget. Currently, volumes in our Products Pipeline are down roughly 15% and that’s really depending on the market. Crude and condensate volumes were down about 26% in the quarter. Here, we saw the largest decline in May versus April for refined products, with the weakness largely carrying into June. These volumes were weaker in Q2 than what we projected for you in our Q1 call, largely offsetting the better refined products volumes. In July, we started to see some recoveries as producers have brought some shut-in production back online with a recovery in oil price. In terminals, we experienced declines in our refined product throughput of about 24%. So slightly better than what we saw in our Products Pipeline, and that’s just driven by the different markets that we serve. However, the financial impact of the volume decline is more moderate in this segment, given the primarily take-or-pay contract structure. One bright spot in the midst of the pandemic has been the demand for tankage. Currently, we have approximately 99% of our tankage under contract. In CO2, oil production was down approximately 13%. Over 20% of that reduction was associated with production curtailments that we instituted when prices dropped below about $20 a barrel. With improved prices, we’ve restarted the majority of that production without operational issues or impacts to the reservoir. CO2 volumes were down about 31% in the quarter. Overall, CO2 demand in Southwest Colorado is at a level that we haven’t seen since 2004. However, we expect to see some rebound as oil prices improve. For the full-year, we’re projecting to come in slightly below the guidance we gave you in the first quarter of approximately 8% below budget on EBITDA and approximately 10% below budget on DCF. A number of you are going to ask on the follow-up calls what slightly means? So right now, we estimate we’re about 9% and 11%, respectively, on EBITDA and DCF. But that implies much more accuracy and specificity than what we really have in these highly uncertain times and thus our guidance of slightly below. The slight deterioration that we’ve seen since the first quarter has all been in midstream natural gas due to the lower gathering volumes in the Bakken, the Haynesville and Eagle Ford. Producer bankruptcies and softer market fundamentals impacting our Texas Intrastate business. Our forecast for refined product demand for the balance of the year assumes volumes are down 11% to 12% in Q3 and 5% in Q4 versus our budget, and that’s largely unchanged from what we projected for you in our first quarter call. For natural gas gathering volumes, we’re projecting volumes for the second-half of the year, on average, to be relatively flat versus what we saw in the second quarter. This equates to down approximately 12% versus the second-half of 2019 and down approximately 20% versus our budget for the second-half of the year. This is a change from what we projected in Q1. And as I mentioned previously, one of the drivers of our slightly lower guidance. We’ve continued to look for expense reductions to offset the volume and price impacts that we can realize without sacrificing safety or compliance. Incorporated in our guidance is the $170 million of cost savings between OpEx, G&A and sustaining CapEx that Steve mentioned in his comments. We’re now projecting that year-end debt-to-EBITDA will round up to 4.7 times due to the EBITDA deterioration. We continue to operate in a highly uncertain and changing environment. It is difficult to predict what will happen. Certainly, at the time we announced our Q1 earnings, no one was predicting the COVID outbreak that we’ve seen – that we’re seeing in Texas, Florida, Arizona and California. As we did last quarter, Table 8 of the press release provides you with sensitivities around the biggest moving pieces of our forecast, so that if things change, you can calculate the impact on our business. And with that, I’ll turn it over to David Michels.
David Michels: All right. Thank you, Kim. So now, as we’re all aware, this year’s events have had a negative impact on our EBITDA and on our DCF. But as was previously mentioned, we’ve identified capital expenditure reductions, which more than offset the DCF reduction. And so we expect to fully fund all of our cash needs, including our capital expenditures and our dividends within our distributable cash flow. We also have $950 million of debt maturing in September and another $1.9 billion maturing in the first quarter of next year. But with that said, we had over $500 million of cash on the balance sheet at the second quarter – at the end of the second quarter and an undrawn $4 billion credit facility. So we have ample liquidity, even accounting for our debt maturities. Now, moving on to the quarter, we’re declaring a dividend of $0.2625 per share, or $1.05 annualized flat with last quarter. Revenues were down $654 million from the second quarter of 2019, driven in part by lower natural gas prices this quarter versus last year’s quarter. And those lower natural gas prices also drove a decline in associated cost of sales of $336 million. So gross margin, revenue less cost of sales was down $318 million, which is a better indicator of our performance relative to revenue alone. The loss on impairments and divestitures of $1.005 billion includes $1 billion impairment of our natural gas midstream business, which was driven by a sharp – the sharp decline that we all saw in natural gas production activity impacting several of our natural gas midstream assets. Due largely to that impairment, our net loss attributable to KMI was $637 million for the quarter. Adjusted earnings, which is our non-GAAP term for net income adjusted for certain items, and that certain items this quarter is comprised mainly of that impairment just discussed. Our adjusted earnings were $381 million, down $112 million compared to the second quarter of 2019. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.17 for the quarter, which is down $0.05 from the prior period. Moving on to distributable cash flow performance. Natural Gas segment was down $55 million for the quarter. The sale of Cochin drove most – more than half of that lower contribution. Additionally, various gathering and processing systems experienced lower activity and our Tennessee Gas Pipe was down due to 501-G impacts and mild weather. Partially offsetting those were contributions from – greater contributions from Elba Liquefaction and Gulf Coast Express projects. Products was down $80 million, driven by lower refined product volume, as well as lower crude and condensate volume. Terminals was down $61 million. This was also partially driven by the sale of KML, as well as lower refined product, coal and steel volumes. CO2 segment was down $28 million, driven by lower CO2 and oil volumes, partially offset by cost savings. Our general and administrative and corporate charges were higher by $5 million due to lower capitalized overhead, partially offset by some lower non-cash pension expenses, as well as the sale of KML. JV, DD&A and NCI, this $20 million of reductions are explained mainly by our partner sharing in the Elba Liquefaction’s greater contributions. And that explains the main changes in adjusted EBITDA, which was $249 million, or 14% lower than the second quarter of last year. Interest expense was lower by $59 million, driven by lower floating rates benefiting our interest rate swaps, as well as a lower overall debt balance, partially offset by lower capitalized interest. Recall we used the proceeds from our KML and Cochin sales to reduce debt. Cash taxes lower by $46 million due to deferred tax payments at Citrus, Plantation, a deferral of our Texas margin tax and the sale of KML, which was a taxpaying entity. Those deferrals are only to later in 2020. For the full-year, cash taxes are in line with our budget. Sustaining capital was $31 million lower versus Q2 of 2019, and total DCF of $1.001 billion is down $127 million, or 11%. DCF per share was $0.44 per share, down $0.06 from last year. So to summarize the distributable cash flow impacts, segments were down $224 million. We had lower capitalized overhead of $24 million. Greater cash pension contributions of $18 million, partially offset by lower interest, taxes and sustaining capital of $135 million, and that gets you just over $130 million of the $127 million change. Moving on to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter at 4.5 times debt-to-EBITDA, up from the 4.3 times we had last quarter and at year-end 2019. Our net debt ended the quarter at $32.4 billion, which is down $622 million from year-end and $153 million lower than last quarter. As Rich mentioned, but it’s worth pointing out again, our net debt has now declined by about $10 billion since the third quarter of 2015. So to reconcile the quarter change in net debt, we generated just over $1 billion of DCF. We paid out $600 million of dividends. We spent $500 million on growth capital and JV contributions, and we generated $250 million of working capital source of cash. And that explains the majority of the $153 million change for the quarter. Reconciling from year-end, the lower – $622 million of lower net debt, we generated $2.262 billion of distributable cash flow. We received a little more than $900 million from the Pembina share sale. We paid out $1.17 billion of dividends. We spent $1 billion on growth capital and contributions to JVs. We we paid $160 million of taxes on deferred Trans Mountain and Pembina share sales. We bought back $50 million of KMI shares and we had $150 million use of working capital changes, and that explains the majority of the $622 million. Finally, as Kim mentioned, there’s still plenty of uncertainty for the remainder of the year. So as we did last quarter, we’ve provided a table with sensitivities to some of those assumptions that remain uncertain, so you guys can model accordingly. Also, consistent with last quarter, we posted a supplemental slide deck to our website, which provides some helpful information on our assets, customers and contract mix. With that, I’ll turn it back to Steve.
Steven Kean: All right. Thank you. And I’ll remind everybody that as a courtesy to all the callers, we’ll limit the questions per person to one question with one follow-up. But if you have additional unanswered questions, get back in the queue and we will get back around to you. So with that, Denise, if you would open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: Good afternoon.
Steven Kean: Good afternoon.
Jeremy Tonet: Thanks for taking my question. Just want to start off on the CapEx comments, I think, that you began the call with here. I’m just wondering if you could provide any more color, I guess, what you think of sustaining rate of CapEx would be kind of in 2021 or plus. Just trying to get a feel there for what the opportunity set is and how you think about that versus free cash flow and type of returns you can get? I think, the EBITDA multiple that you guys quoted this quarter was 5.8 versus 5.6 in the past. So just trying to see how this all fits together?
Steven Kean: Yes. So we had previously talked about being in the range and we’ve been in this range for about 10 years of $2 billion to $3 billion a year of capital expansion opportunities that would manifest, that we would pursue and get along our system because of the network we have and because of the broader dynamics in U.S. energy. Certainly, what we’ve seen this year with everything that’s happened, both in energy and in broader markets, is those opportunities reduced. And so we’ve been very disciplined and reacted quickly to what we saw there and we took a substantial amount of capital out. And so we’re now sitting this year at $1.7 billion. And so, Jeremy, we don’t know where that number is going to be. But I think, if you look at, let’s call it the next few years kind of outlook as it looks from standing here today, that number looks like it doesn’t get to the $2 billion to $3 billion. In fact, it looks like it hangs around the level we’re seeing in 2020, maybe a little less. And so – but the way we’ll generate that capital investment opportunities is the same way we always have, which is we’ll go look for investment opportunities that are attractive to our shareholders, but we’ll have a high hurdle on it, particularly in this day and time. What – if you’re trying to build linear infrastructure, you have to have margin of safety in any investment that you’re thinking about making. So we’ll have a high hurdle rate, give ourselves substantial headroom and margin for safety above our weighted average cost of capital. It’s got to be something we’re confident we can deliver, get permitted, et cetera, on time and on budget. And as Rich mentioned at the very beginning, it’s an increasingly more difficult time to get linear infrastructure built. And so all of that goes into, I think, guiding you to a forward view on expansion capital that’s below what our historical run rate has been.
Richard Kinder: And I would add consistent with what Steve is saying that, of course, as I said at the beginning, it cuts both ways, but it certainly helps us in terms of looking at our cash flow. If you just think of producing $4.5 billion of distributable cash flow and then take out $1.5 billion, you’re left with $3 billion. The dividends at the current rate are a little less than $2.5 billion. So you have several hundred million dollars in that very rough pro forma, several hundred million dollars of cash flow above self-funding of the dividend and all of the expansion CapEx.
Steven Kean: And the objective of self-funding is one of the reasons that led us back really starting in several years ago to elevate our return criteria.
Jeremy Tonet: That’s very helpful. Maybe picking up on that last point, Rich, the several hundred million of free cash flow you talked about there. You see that leverage kind of stepped up a little bit versus what you guys had thought about before. And just want to confirm there’s no need for equity or anything like that. You guys are still in good standings with the agencies here. And as you think about where to put those several hundred million, it seems like leverage – deleveraging would be kind of a top priority versus buybacks or other options. Just wondering if you could update us on deleveraging buybacks and how that all kind of fits together…?
Richard Kinder: Well, as we said, we continue to have maintaining a strong balance sheet is one of our top priority. So we certainly won’t do anything to imperil that. And we think that have – living within our means and generating excess cash flow every year is a real positive in the long range outlook for a strong credit profile.
Operator: The next question comes from Colton Bean with Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Company. Your line is open.
Steven Kean: Good afternoon.
Colton Bean: Good afternoon. So maybe just a follow-up on the leverage side of things. You noted the expectation for a more mature U.S. energy landscape on the other side of this. And I think we’ve heard some comments from the upstream community, indicating that growth is likely to be structurally lower, even if we were to return to that $50 to $60 barrel world. So as you evaluate financial policy in that environment, any updated thoughts on that 4.5 times debt-to-EBITDA target?
Steven Kean: We still think that the around 4.5 times is appropriate for our business and leaves us in solid investment-grade territory. And so we continue to see that as our longer-term objective, that’s not changed by what we’re seeing. What we will be adjusting is what we were just talking about, which is, as we go out and look at capital opportunities – capital investment opportunities, we do expect those to be less, and that is driven in part by what our upstream customers are thinking about doing. We got a great network and we’ve got good debottlenecking expansions and other things. We have a $2.9 billion backlog. But as I said, running at the $2.5 billion to $3 billion range is not what we’re expecting or foreseeing for the next several years…
Colton Bean: Got it.
Steven Kean: …because of that reduced activity.
Colton Bean: Understood. And just with some of the moving pieces right now on Bakken takeaway, it seems like this is a scenario where you see a materially wider differential. I think, you’ve noted recently that HH is less contracted than some of your other assets. How do you think about the opportunities that in the event that based on the takeaway becomes a constraint?
Steven Kean: Yes. So we have seen increased activity and interest in HH. Our volumes were up this month versus last month. That is a function of, I think, really two things, concerns about takeaway, but also for reasons of priority of access to HH, people do want to maintain their history on the system. So we continue to see barrels that might have otherwise gone someplace else, they’re continuing to come our way. And so that’s a – that’s one effect of people’s concern around the DAPL situation. And we do see the same thing that you’re saying, which is we could see differentials expand the WTI in the Bakken if there is a shutdown. I – we don’t have any special insight into that, that seems to me like a relatively unlikely result in the end. Obviously, it’s stayed right now, but it’s not – there’s no decision on the merits on it, it was just a stay, so that it could be considered without causing undue harm or disruption in the market. The other impact from DAPL is, it is one of the outlets on our Hiland crude gathering system. And so our customers want to continue to have that outlet in addition to HH and we want them to have that outlet. So they continue to move those volumes on our system. So we don’t have any interest in seeing a shutdown. It’s a bad broader message for pipeline infrastructure, but also for our business, particularly on the gathering side.
Operator: The next question comes from Shneur Gershuni with UBS. Your line is open.
Shneur Gershuni: Hi, good afternoon, everyone. Happy to hear everyone is safe and well and congrats on the promotions. Maybe the – to start up a follow-up on Colton and Jeremy’s question on the CapEx side. Given the difficult legal landscape right now, given the fact that the E&Ps are talking about free cash flow positive and keeping their CapEx down. Is – you’d mentioned in one of your responses about hanging out kind of where you’re at right now on growth capital. But is there a scenario where 2021, or maybe in 2022, where growth CapEx could be as low as $1 billion?
Steven Kean: We’re close, yes. We’re close.
Shneur Gershuni: We’re close. Okay. And maybe as a follow-up question, your language around the guidance of slightly lower than 10% in terms of EBITDA. You also mentioned some green shoots as well, too. I was wondering if you can expand on them. And if nothing changes, where you’re seeing things right here? Is it fair to say that your outlook for considering a dividend increase during the fourth quarter board meeting is effectively unchanged at this point right now?
Steven Kean: We’re not changing anything from what we said in April. It is something that we’ll take up with all the facts in front of us when we get together in January as we normally do to consider the fourth quarter dividend. So no real update, that’s still our perspective on it. And, Kim, I’ll ask you to comment on some of the green shoots.
Kimberly Allen Dang: Yes. I think – and we’ve tried to – I think, we have incorporated the green shoots into the the guidance forecasts that we gave you. We saw a little bit better petroleum product demand in May and June than what we expected, but we have improvement built into that forecast for the balance of the year. We’ve seen more leasing of our tanks on the – in the terminal side. But we also built that into our forecast for the balance of the year. And in terms of the volumes on the G&P side, we’ve seen some increase in volumes in July. And as I said a while go, I think, our perspective on the balance of the year is that we’re kind of flat to the second quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from Spiro Dounis with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Richard Kinder: Good afternoon.
Spiro Dounis: Hey, afternoon, everyone. Just wanted to maybe ask about 2021. And I think 2020, we’re all fair to say that it might go down as a bit of an anomaly when we look back on it. And so just thinking about returning to normal and maybe what the earnings ability the company looks like, obviously, took off about $600 million from the budget from the start of the year. Some of that, obviously, is going to have a lasting impact. But just how are you thinking about a return to normal 2021? How much of that $600 million comes back? And how do you think about some of the offsetting factors between just the base business decline outside of COVID versus some of the growth projects coming online next year like Permian Express?
Steven Kean: Yes. So really, there is still a lot of uncertainty. As we pointed out multiple times here, we go through a pretty detailed budget review that takes a look at what – how markets are shaping up and looks at everything commercially and also looks at our costs on a bottoms-up basis as well. That’s going to be an enhanced review on the cost side this year. And it’s just hard to say right now. Now we can observe the same macro factors that you have and some of this ties back to what we discussed on the capital side of things, which is the producer community is in a different situation even than what it was in, in 2016. There’s not as much capital available to it. There’s a lot more emphasis on free cash flow that tends to – that would tend to dampen what expectations would be for U.S. energy production. And we’ve kind of got to make up for what we lost this year before you begin to see it grow again. And so I think this – the overall – everything that’s happened in energy has kind of pushed the return to growth out a couple of years. And who knows beyond that, right? And so, I think, generally speaking, the opportunity to deploy additional capital or deploy capital at our historic levels, as we’ve said several times now, it’s just not likely at this point from our perspective. So we think we’re going to be looking at a lower expansion capital spend, and that has pluses, but also minuses. Meaning that, there’s EBITDA at the good return that we set as a hurdle for our investment decisions. That means that there’s an EBITDA that we would have normally expected to get that we’re not going to get if we’re not deploying capital at higher levels. But really, I go back to the beginning, which is we go through a pretty detailed process in setting our 2021 plan. And we’re not really in a position to start commenting about 2021 yet.
Shneur Gershuni: Yes, there’s a couple of answer right now. Appreciate you taking a swing at it. Second, Steve, maybe for you as well. You mentioned the new initiative to further streamline operations. It sounds very early stages, but just curious how you think about the timing of when that would actually start showing up in earnings when we start seeing those savings? And does this review contemplate divesting or maybe even shutting down some underperforming assets?
Steven Kean: I would call that latter thing that’s a separate consideration. Meaning, we do look at divestiture – the divestitures from time to time where they make sense. So we think the asset is more – somebody is willing to pay more for it than we think it’s worth. But those I think we’ve done a lot of that already and we’re kind of – we’re down to fairly small pieces there. The exercise, your question about when would that show up in earnings? It would show up in 2021.
Operator: The next question is from Ujjwal Pradhan with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Ujjwal Pradhan: Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. First one from me on M&A and the growth of commentary. Rich, thanks for your thoughts on the topic in your prepared remarks. Just wanted to get your thoughts on, given the trough valuation for midstream assets in today’s market, the smaller size of your growth backlog and challenges in building new assets that you have pointed out. If you were to pursue M&A, what asset or geography would be of interest?
Steven Kean: We don’t do it that way, and I’ll reiterate what Rich said. I mean, we’ve been – we’ve worked very hard to get our balance sheet where it is. And doing something that hurts the balance sheet, hurts the balance sheet metrics is really not something that we’re interested in. And so we’re going to be – we’re going to jealously guard that. And then also, we would need to see good value in terms of DCF per share accretion as a result. What we look at as we evaluate those things is, is it in a business that we are comfortable operating that we have – that we understand and where we believe that we can bring some considerable value to it either in terms of costs? Well, certainly, in terms of cost synergies, but also in terms of other strategic synergies, whether those are capital or pieces of the business that we could put together and make better and then you’ve got to find something that’s transactable. And so there’s – there are a number of screens that have to clear. And so you can’t predict it, and we’ve said that for years now. People have been projecting consolidation in our sector for, I don’t know, six or seven years, something like that. I mean, people think it’s more right now, but we’ve been thinking that it’s right for a while. So those things remain just very hard to call. It’s something that we’re interested in, but it’s got to meet those criteria that we laid out.
Ujjwal Pradhan: Thanks for that, Steve. And maybe a follow-up to that, again, on the topic of M&A. Would you be able to discuss the latest strategic rationale that KMI has been owning and operating the CO2 business with a CNP profile? We saw a renewed interest in this area, given the major independent deal announced earlier this week. So really, the question is do you have interest in monetizing that business? And what would be the right bid for that segment?
Steven Kean: I could say just generally that, of course, we’re in the business of maximizing value for our shareholders. So we are always open to considering options there, but I’ll put some context on it for you. I mean, that is a business that is a niche for us. It’s something that we know how to do and how to run. And Jesse and his team have done really a magnificent job looking hard at the capital and have actually improved the free cash flow coming from that business unit versus what was in the budget with everything that’s happened. And so as a result of cost savings and also capital, either deferrals or reductions, they’ve just done a great job. So I feel like we know what we’re doing in that niche business. The other consideration or the other element of context to consider is that, it’s a bit of a unique business, right? Enhanced oil recovery, a lot of that is about having the pipeline infrastructure owning the CO2, which we do, knowing what to do with it when you put it in the ground. It’s not a shale play or conventional play. And so I think just naturally, that tends to limit the market. But look, we do what’s in our shareholders’ best interest. This is a business that we can handle well in terms of its overall part of the Kinder Morgan picture. The EOR part of that business is now and you’ll see this in the updated investor presentation slides posted on the website is now at 3% of our segment EBITDA. So I think that’s the full story there.
Operator: Up next is Tristan Richardson with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Tristan Richardson: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for all the data points on what you’re seeing in refined products towards the end of the quarter and even more recently. Can you talk a little bit about what assets or geographies are sort of leading that demand rebound? And any sort of what areas remain challenged?
Steven Kean: Yes. I’m going to ask John Schlosser. He has assets really around the country to take a stab at that. It is different by geography as you imply. Go ahead, John.
John Schlosser: Sure. Our Midwest rack facilities are actually up slightly 1% above plan. Our Northeast racks are down 10% to plan, and our Gulf Coast assets – rack assets are down 10% to plan.
Kimberly Allen Dang: And then what we’re seeing on the West Coast, I think, on the Products Pipelines is more like 15% and then also in some places in the Southeast is probably around 15%, both of those in Products Pipelines.
Tristan Richardson: That’s great. Thank you. And just a follow-up from a previous question on the review on streamlining or centralizing some functions. I may have missed this, but you could – is there an order of magnitude of efficiency gains or quantitative cost saves you guys are targeting here?
Steven Kean: But we’re going to approach this with kind of a blank sheet of paper, and we’re going to get everything we can out of that process. Looking internally, our organizational structure and thinking of changes to our traditional business unit centric structure is not something we’ve done before. So the outcome of this process is unknown. So we don’t have a specific target in mind other than we’re going to do the work. We’re going to examine it deeply, do the work from the bottoms-up, and we’re going to make our primary criteria here, what’s the thing that’s going to get us the most efficiency and the most cost savings. We’re going to look at our outside expenditures. We’re going to look at our organization. We’re going to do what we need to do to deal with the challenging times that we’re in. But because it is kind of a brand-new look at things, there’s not a way to quantify it. Now, of course, we’ve identified already $170 millions of savings as we’ve all mentioned, so far projected for this year, about $100 million of that is – just a little over $100 million of that is we believe as permanent or recurring, with the balance of it being deferrals that ultimately we will have to spend on – particularly on the sustaining capital side. The other thing that we’ll have as a clear objective here is the way we put our budgets together, is we make sure that we adequately budget for safety and compliance in our assets. And so we will adhere to that principle, along with adhering to the principle that we’re going to get as much out of this process as we reasonably can. But because it’s unpredictable, we haven’t set a number.
Tristan Richardson: Great. Thank you guys very much.
Operator: The next question is from Keith Stanley with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Keith Stanley: Hi. Good afternoon, and thanks for all the transparency. I just wanted to follow-up on how you’re thinking about the dividend. The language in the press releases is still pretty strong on being committed to $1.25. So can you give more color on the criteria you’re looking at to raise it to that level potentially by year-end? Is it just refined products volumes going back to normal? Do you need to see midstream and other businesses start recovering? And then on the balance sheet, is there a leverage threshold around that. For example, if you were at 4.7 times next year, would that still be an environment where you could do that large of a dividend step up?
Richard Kinder: Well, let me just say that, I think, Steve alluded to this earlier that we haven’t changed anything from the first quarter. We said at that time, we would see how the year played out. And when we return to normalcy, we – our long-term intention is to take that dividend up to the $1.25 target. That said, as I said, it’s almost very difficult to predict what’s going to happen between now and then. But we tried to be very careful with the language in the earnings release, and sort of enumerating the factors that we’re going to consider. But the thing – the real thinking is to ascertain whether we have a return to normal economic conditions. And one of the advantages of making this decision at the January Board meeting is, by that time, we will have had full access to a detailed 2021 budget. Our Board will be able to look at that and decide in view of that budget, looking ahead, what makes the most sense. We’re clearly very cognizant of our debt-to-EBITDA ratio. We want to maintain a strong balance sheet. We’re very happy we can self-fund all of our expansion CapEx and the dividend. And we want two things for certain. We want adequate coverage of that dividend. And we want to make damn certain that once we do a dividend increase, that dividend increase is permanent, and that we’re not retracting that at some later date. So those are the factors that will go into it. And right now, this is a very complicated world. It’s unprecedented, it’s unpredictable. And we’ll just see where we get by next January. We should know a lot more about that time.
Keith Stanley: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Up next is Pearce Hammond with Simmons Energy. Your line is open.
Pearce Hammond: Good afternoon, and thanks for taking my questions. My first question is, what are the key final milestones to bring the Permian Highway Pipeline online in early 2021?
Steven Kean: Yes. So it’s really – it’s the construction, which, as I said, is well in progress. There is an endangered species Migratory Bird window that reopens for our construction. So we have one of our spreads. We’re standing at, like 87% cleared. And we’re kind of standing by until we get to August 1, and we’re free to clear the remainder. And we should be able to do that based on our experience today. We should be able to do that effectively and with adequate mitigation of impacts to the oak trees, et cetera. So that’s one. We’ve got a couple of river crossings to complete. Those are all underway. There is one reroute that we’re doing around a river crossing. And that process is also well underway. And so we think we see a pretty clear line of sight. Now there is litigation around this pipeline. As we said, again, we’re very encouraged that the Supreme Court stayed the injunction of all Nationwide 12 permits for oil and gas projects, the decision that came out of the Montana Court. That removes – that – it didn’t cause us to stop construction, but it removes a lot of uncertainty around the legal aspects of this, the sustainability of Nationwide Rule 12. And so we’re grateful to see that. The other thing I would point out in that regard is the Nationwide 12 permit is something we need for certain construction activities. And we have found a number of measures. That’s why I alluded to the team’s work, certain construction measures that will allow us to avoid impacting waters of the U.S. and to reduce the number of crossings of navigable waters that we need to do. So we’ve taken some steps and some actions on our own in order to strengthen our position. Nationwide Rule 12 is something we need, as I said, for certain construction activities. It’s not what we need to operate. So we’ll get this work done. We believe we’ll get this work done. We’ll be up and running and put it in service for our customers at the end of – or at the very beginning of 2021.
Pearce Hammond: Thanks, Steve, for that comprehensive answer. And then my follow-up is with the Dominion sale of their gas transmission assets to Berkshire Hathaway, do you expect other utilities to do the same as the convergence theme from years ago gets unwound? And do you expect to see some attractive assets potentially for sale because of this trend?
Steven Kean: Yes. That’s a – that is hard to no, of course, and we don’t speak for the utilities on what they do with their assets. We were – we viewed the transaction as a nice affirmation from a obviously a smart investor on the underlying value of midstream businesses. And that’s the main takeaway that we took from it. Hard to project whether there will be assets that come on the market or interest in unwinding the convergence as you called it. But certainly, if the – if assets that meet all of those criteria that we’ve been talking about throughout this call were to come on, we would certainly take a look at them.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys, thank you for taking my question. I’ll ask two, and they’re pretty basic. One, any initial thoughts on the FERC’s comments on the indexation process? Obviously, this would impact the refined Products Pipelines business. Just curious for your thoughts after the first put out the initial data. And then the other thing on the TGP growth project into New York, can you just talk about what permitting is required, especially at the state level, given New York’s not always the easiest place to permit in any – anything?
Steven Kean: Okay. Yes. Well, so starting with the FERC adder, so they came out with a proposed for comment and the industry is commenting on it has commented on it of 0.09 versus the adder of 1.23 that we have today. There are a couple of things that we would observe about that. I mean, one is that they kind of combined in there the impact of the tax allowance. We are a taxpaying entity unlike an MLP as a C-Corp and have been for a while. We would like them to separate that out. So that we can be more specific about how the index adder should affect us specifically. And there’s some other subtleties too like, the particular composition of companies that they use. They use if you want, the middle 80%, if you will, versus the middle 50%. We think that there’s some room and we are commenting to get them to consider that adder a little more carefully and at a minimum separate the text component out. So that hopefully, we can take advantage of our current status in that regard. On the New York expansion, we are – I’m going to ask Tom to comment on any more specifics. But we are serving New York, the facilities that we’re building in – are in New Jersey on land that we’ve acquired. And so we think we have a good situation there in terms of being able to get this project properly permitted. But, Tom, any other color you want to add there?
Tom Martin: Yes. I mean, there’s really nothing unique. And I think the point – the primary point you made is the key one, Steve. And that is this New Jersey and we own the right away. And so there’s really nothing unique there from a permitting perspective that we need to do locally.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, guys. Much appreciated.
Operator: The next is from Christine Cho with Barclays. Your line is open.
Christine Cho: Good evening. Thank you for taking my questions. Can I start with – can you remind us when you don’t have to pay cash taxes until? And in the event, the corporate tax rate does go back up if there is a change in administration, let’s call it, close to the 35% level. Should we think that, that timeline gets accelerated, especially if the CapEx levels continue to trend below your $2 billion to $3 billion target range?
Steven Kean: Right. So we are not expecting to be a cash taxpayer until beyond 2026. And what I would say about that, Christine, is refining that further, there’s a lot of moving parts and assumptions that go into that. But from how we look at things right now, we think that, that statement of beyond 2026, we still – we have some cushion in there, even if we were to – so we could absorb I don’t know what tax increase would be, but I mean, we have some capacity, some cushion to be able to absorb a change in tax policy with that guidance. So we’re still saying beyond 2026 and actually, there’s some cushion there.
Christine Cho: Okay. And also, if CapEx continues to trend lower?
Steven Kean: Yes. We’re doing that with our kind of revised perspective on CapEx.
Christine Cho: Okay. Okay. And then I appreciate your comments about like the volume activity on HH. Can you just remind us what would need to be done if you wanted to expand HH pipeline capacity on your system? And how long any of that would take? I feel like in the past, I’ve seen you guys out with open season for incremental capacity. But I just didn’t know if you would actually have to build a pipe or if it could be done with pumping, et cetera?
Steven Kean: Yes. You’re right about that and good memory, as always, Christine. We do have an expansion. It is a pump station expansion. So it doesn’t involve overland construction. And we can add, James, I think, it’s like 15. How many…
James Holland: 35.
Steven Kean: Oh, I’m sorry, 35 – 35,000 barrels with a pump station expansion.
Christine Cho: And then…
Steven Kean: Oh, and the timeframe?
Kimberly Allen Dang: 12 to 18 months.
Steven Kean: 12 to 18, yes. Thanks, Kim.
Operator: The next question is from Shneur Gershuni with UBS. Your line is open.
Shneur Gershuni: Hi, just a quick follow-up question. In the event tax rates went up. When we went through the whole 501-G process, it was because tax rates went down. So would there be a scenario where your tariffs would then go up and you’d be able to apply to increase tariffs? I’m just kind of curious if we kind of get a hold of the entire 501-G process that we saw, I guess, two years ago?
Steven Kean: Yes, we’d like to be able to get that back. I mean, the way – but the way we operate our pipelines is we operate them on a fairly low-cost of service basis. We do our best to keep our customer satisfied and do our best to stay out of rate cases. So it would be not a common situation certainly for us to find ourselves in a position where we would be filing for a rate increase. But look, we’ve got regulatory teams, rate-making teams that, that look at those dynamics closely for us. And if the opportunity presented itself, we’d certainly pursue it. But our main approach is, just keep our customers happy. Give them a good quality of service. Give them some flexibility that they want, and try to stay away from Washington.
Shneur Gershuni: All right, perfect. Thank you for that. Very good follow-up.
Operator: And there are no other questions at this time.
Richard Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Denise, and thanks to all of you for joining us on the call and have a good evening and stay safe and healthy. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time. Speakers allow a moment of silence and standby for your post-conference.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-22 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all parties are in a listen-only mode, until the question-and-answer session of today’s conference. [Operator Instructions] I would like to inform all parties that today’s conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. Thank you. You may begin.
Rich Kinder: Thank you, Denise. Before we begin, I’d like to remind you, as I always do, that KMI’s earnings release today and this call include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosures on forward-looking statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release as well as review our latest filings with the SEC for important material assumptions, expectations and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking statements. As I do -- always do on these calls, let me talk briefly about our financial strategy at Kinder Morgan with specific focus on our dividend policy. Ours is a conservative philosophy, and we believe that is appropriate, particularly in our industry and especially in these unprecedented times. As Steve, Kim and the team will describe, while we face headwinds, we are addressing our challenges. Our cash flow remains strong, even in this environment. We are covering our dividend and all expansion CapEx from that cash flow. Now, let me talk about our dividend. July 2017, when we were paying an annual dividend of $0.50, we said we expected to increase that dividend $0.80 in 2018 to $1 in 2019 to $1.25 in 2020. We met those expectations in both 2018 and 2019 and we have the financial wherewithal to meet the $1.25 in target in 2020 with significant coverage. That said, in unprecedented times like these, the wise choice in the opinion of our management and our Board is to preserve flexibility and balance sheet capacity. Consequently, we are not increasing the dividend to the $1.25 we projected, under far different circumstances in 2017. Nevertheless, as a sign of our confidence in the strength of our business and the security of our cash flows, we are increasing the dividend to $1.05 annualized, a 5% increase. Doing so, we believe we have struck the proper balance between maintaining balance sheet strength and returning value to our shareholders, which remains a primary objective of our Company. We remain committed to increasing the dividend to $1.25 annualized. Assuming a return to normal economic activity, we would expect to make that determination when the Board meets in January 2021 to determine the dividend for the fourth quarter of 2020. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Steve.
Steve Kean: All right. Thanks, Rich. I’ll give you an overview of our business, including the coronavirus response and impacts, and turn it over to our President, Kim Dang to cover the outlook and the segment updates. Our CFO, David Michels will take you through the financials. And then, we’ll take your questions, as usual. I’ll begin on a grateful note. I’m glad that we strengthened our balance sheet, reducing debt by about $10 billion since the third quarter of 2015. I’m grateful we completed the KML sale in December of 2019 and converted the proceeds to cash at an attractive time. I’m glad we hedged crude early in the year. I’m glad that we have a disciplined approach to capital investment and that we operate our business with -- operate with a business model that insulates us from some of the worst of the current double impact on energy markets right now. I’m grateful for the way we run our business and for the culture of our workforce. All of these things have made us strong for the current storm. In times like these, it’s especially important to keep your priorities and principles in mind. Our priorities are, number one, to keep our employees safe; and two, to keep our businesses running. We operate infrastructure that is essential to businesses and communities across the country. We need to keep our assets running and we have. To protect our employees, we instituted telecommuting, which has worked astonishingly well, by the way, and made changes in our field operations to enable our coworkers to do their work while maintaining appropriate physical distance. In a few cases where distancing is not possible, we are enhancing our PPE requirements. It’s working. All of our assets are running and we are keeping our coworkers safe. Our financial principles remain the same. First, maintaining a strong balance sheet. Even with our revised estimate, we are consistent with our approximately 4.5 times debt-to-EBITDA target. We believe the dividend decision made today was a wise one. Second, we are maintaining our capital discipline through our return criteria, a good track record of execution and by self funding our investments. On that front, we evaluated all of our 2020 expansion capital projects and reduced CapEx by about $700 million for 2020 or 30%, in response to the changing conditions in our markets. We still have $1.7 billion of expansion capital in 2020 on good project investments. Finally, we are returning value to our shareholders with a 5% year-over-year dividend increase to $1.05 annualized and the commitment to get to $1.25 when market conditions recover. As Rich said, we think that holding off on a larger increase and leaving our balance sheet stronger, but still showing an increase in our dividend, strikes the right balance, strong balance sheet, capital discipline and returning value to shareholders. Those are the principles we operate by even in or perhaps especially in times like these. Here’s what we’re seeing in our businesses. Natural gas transportation and storage remains relatively strong, and transport volumes are up year-over-year. Over time, we’re going to see some shifting from associated gas to dry gas. But we have assets that serve both. Refined products volumes are coming down in a way we’ve never seen before. This impacts us in several ways. Our refined Products Pipelines are common carrier pipelines. So, we get paid a fee on the actual throughput. Historically, throughput varied only slightly, usually growing 1% or so a year. Lower throughput translates into lower revenues until we start to see recovery in the economy. In our Terminals business, most of our revenue comes from MWCs, monthly warehouse charges, but ancillary services, blending for example, are more throughput-driven. So, we see some deterioration there. This is partially offset by increased demand for previously unleased capacity. Almost every tank we have is now under contract. On refined products volumes specifically, we believe this is not a permanent change. It’s temporary. There are all kinds of views about how long is temporary and when we will get to the other side, but we will get there. For gathering and processing assets, we’ll be negatively impacted by reduced producer activity. We are seeing increased interest, however, in our Haynesville assets, but that will take some time to ramp up. Overall, reduced producer activity negatively impacts this part of our business. As a reminder, gathering and processing, when you put the gas portion of it together with the products portion is only about 10% of our budgeted segment EBDA. Finally, in our CO2 business, commodity prices are an obvious negative. However, we did a lot of hedging earlier in the year. And as you can see in the updated sensitivities page that we included in this quarter’s earnings package, our exposure to oil price changes is reduced going forward. We’re focused on our free cash flow. And our capital reductions for 2020 in this segment are expected to offset the distributable cash flow decline for 2020 in the segment. The outlook numbers Kim will take you through are based on a bottoms-up reforecast we worked on with each of our business units and corporate staff. That review focused on margin impacts and cost savings opportunities. We also fully reviewed our capital expenditures, as I mentioned. It’s challenging to give guidance in uncertain times like these. We think we addressed that challenge by giving you our estimate and also giving you estimated sensitivities. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Kim.
Kim Dang: Okay. Thanks Steve. Let me mention quickly a few stats for the quarter and how those have changed more recently. And then, I’ll spend most of the time on our outlook for the balance of the year and the assumptions underlying that outlook. For the quarter, our natural gas transport volumes were up 8% or 3.1 Bcf a day. As we progress through April, we continue to see strength in these volumes. Let me remind you though that on our transport pipe, most of our volumes are under take-or-pay contract. So, to the extent that we do see a drop-off in volumes in the future, we would not be impacted. Our gathering volumes are down 2% in the quarter. The decline -- or actually, they’re up 2% in the quarter. The declines in the dry gas basins were slightly more than offset by an increase in the volumes in the associated plays. However, we are seeing volume reductions in the associated plays in April, and we expect more in May. Petroleum product demand was flat for the quarter. It was positive in January and February, and then we saw an 8% decline in March. Currently, we’re seeing about a 40% to 45% reduction in refined products volumes, which will impact both, our Products Pipeline and our Terminals segment. Crude and condensate volumes were up 9% in the quarter, and unlike petroleum products, stayed strong in March. But, they are coming off in April and we expect more degradation in May. For the full year, we’re projecting to come in about 8% below budget on the EBITDA and about 10% below budget on DCF. So, we’re projecting roughly $7 billion in EBITDA and roughly $4.6 billion in DCF. We’ve reduced expansion CapEx, as Steve mentioned, by approximately $700 million or almost 30%. So, the reduction in DCF is more than offset by a reduction in CapEx, resulting in DCF less CapEx that is approximately $200 million better than our budget. We currently expect to end the year at 4.6 times debt to EBITDA. Now, let me break down 8% variance on EBITDA into six buckets, to help everyone understand. The first bucket is lower commodity prices, and this is all commodities, are expected to have a little less than 2% impact. We’re assuming an oil price of about $30 per barrel on average for the balance of the year. And our sensitivity to oil, as Steve mentioned, has been reduced. There’s about 1.7 million per dollar change in the price per barrel. So there’s not much sensitivity here, given the hedges we have in place. The second bucket, lower natural gas gathering and processing volumes, also projected to have an impact of a little less than 2%. For Q2 through Q4, we’re assuming about a 12% volume reduction. But, there’s lots of variations between the assets, depending on which basin they serve. For example, on some of our assets, we project well over a 30% decline in volumes, while on other assets we expect a much smaller decline. Overall, on natural gas G&P assets, our assumptions result in approximately 20% reduction in EBITDA versus our budget for the year. And one of the primary reasons for the discrepancy between the volume decline and the EBITDA decline is that we are projecting greater volume declines on our higher margin assets. The third bucket, lower refined products volumes, expect that to impact us a little less than 2%. This takes into account the impact on both, our Products Pipelines segment and our Terminals segment. Here what we’re assuming in our outlook is an 18% to 20% reduction in volumes versus our budget for the balance of the year with a 40% to 45% reduction in Q2, decreasing to 10% to 12% in Q3 and 5% to 6% in Q2 and Q4. These three buckets, commodity prices, natural gas gathering and refined products at a little less than 2% each, account for roughly 5.5% of the 8% variance. The fourth bucket, lower crude and condensate volumes, expected to have an impact of about 0.7% of EBITDA. We’re assuming a 19% reduction in volumes Q2 through Q4 versus our budget. These numbers include the impact on both, our gathering systems and our pipeline transport volumes. The last two buckets, lower capitalized overhead, which is a result of the decrease in capital spending and lower CO2 volumes, together account for about a 1% variance. And we mentioned that as we determined the impact on EBITDA, we have taken into account and netted out of the numbers that I mentioned, about $80 million in OpEx and cost savings, some of which is fuel and power that is directly related to the lower volume. So, that covers the most significant pieces in the EBITDA forecast and largely explains the 8%. On the positive side, we’ve got about a $100 million in savings between lower interest expense and lower sustaining CapEx. So, the 8% reduction in EBITDA less the savings on interest expense and sustaining CapEx roughly gets you to the 10% impact on EBITDA. Now, we’re operating in a highly uncertain and changing environment. It’s difficult to know how quickly economic activity may normalize. So, in table 8 of the press release, we have provided you with sensitivities around the biggest moving pieces of our forecast. And that is so that, as things change, you can calculate the impact on our forecast. And with that, I’ll turn it over to David Michels.
David Michels: Thank you, Kim. First, I’d like to recognize our accountants, our financial planners, our tax department, our Investor Relations and everyone else who had a hand in Kinder Morgan’s closing and reporting processes this quarter. We’ve been working remotely since March 16th and in that time, we’ve successfully closed the quarter, effectively performed our control procedures and prepared a detailed full-year forecast update, sensitivities to that forecast as well as significant supporting analysis. And despite all of that extra work and all of the extra challenges, we met our close and reporting schedule. And that’s a result of the resolve and the commitment of our coworkers. So, great work. Moving onto the quarter. As you -- current events had a negative impact on our expected net income, EBITDA and DCF. However, with the identified capital expenditure reductions, we expect to be able to fully fund our cash needs, including our capital expenditures and dividends with our distributable cash flow. Additionally, we have an undrawn $4 billion credit facility to provide ample liquidity, even considering our upcoming maturities. We have about $950 million of debt maturing in September, another $1.9 billion maturing in the first quarter of next year, plus, despite significant current market turmoil, the investment grade debt capital markets have generally remained open and have been available to us. Furthermore, even with the forecasted EBITDA change, we currently project a year-end debt-to-EBITDA level of 4.6 times from our budget of 4.3, but still consistent with our long-term leverage target of around 4.5. However, despite our ample liquidity, relatively insulated business and overall financial health, we believe it’s prudent not to increase our dividend by 25%, as previously expected. So, we are declaring a dividend of $0.2625 per share, which is a $1.05 annualized or a 5% increase from last quarter, but below our budget of $0.1325 per share or $1.25 per share annualized. Now, moving onto the earnings performance for the first quarter of 2020, compared to the first quarter of last year. Revenues were down $323 million, driven in part by lower natural gas prices versus Q1 of 2019. The lower natural gas prices also drove a decline in the associated cost of sales of $285 million. As a reminder, given the way that we contract, particularly in our Texas Intrastates business, gross margin is a better indicator of our performance than the revenue alone. And this is a good illustration of that. Additionally, Q1 2020 [Technical Difficulty] sale of our KML and U.S. portion of our Cochin pipeline, which collectively contribute about [Technical Difficulty] of EBDA in the first quarter of 2019. We have a loss on impairments and divestitures of $971 million this quarter, and that includes a $350 million impairment on our oil and gas producing assets in our CO2 segment as well as [Technical Difficulty] million impairment of goodwill associated with that same segment. Those impairments were [Technical Difficulty] sharp decline [Technical Difficulty] that we experienced during the quarter. Largely driven by the impairments, we had a net loss attributable to KMI of $306 million for the quarter. Our adjusted earnings, which is our non-GAAP term for net income adjusted for certain items, were down $300 million compared to the first quarter of 2019 -- $30 million compared to the first quarter of 2019. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.24 for the quarter, down $0.01 from Q1 of 2019. Moving on to DCF performance. Natural gas was down 2% for the quarter. Unfavorable impacts there include our sale of Cochin, TGP being down due to 501-G impacts and a milder winter than expected last year and lower gathering and processing contributions at KinderHawk, North Texas and Oklahoma. Partially offsetting those were contributions from the Elba Island liquefaction and Gulf Coast Express projects. Products was down 7%, driven by oil price impacts on our crude and condensate assets. Terminals was 14%, mostly due to the sale of KML and the Canadian terminals. CO2 [ph] was down 7%, driven by lower CO2 and oil volumes, partially offset by higher realized oil prices. Our G&A and corporate charges were both lower by $18 million due to lower non-cash pension expenses and the benefit from the sale of KML, partially offset by lower capitalized overhead. Our JV DD&A and non-controlling interests, there were $19 million of deductions between those two and those are explained mainly by our partner sharing in the Elba Island greater contributions. And that explains the main changes in adjusted EBITDA, which was 5% lower than Q1 2019. Total DCF of $1,261 million is down $110 million or 8%. DCF per share is $0.55 per share, down $0.05 from last year. To summarize the DCF impacts, we had pricing and volume impacts on the [Technical Difficulty] of about $7 million weather and 501-G impacts on TGP was another $27 million with greater sustaining capital of $26 million, greater pension contributions of $18 million and the KML sale impact on our DCF by about $18 million. The sale impacted the segments by 74, but had offsets in interest G&A and NCI. Those items were partially offset by the net contributions of Elba Liquefaction and GCX projects, which contributed about $52 million. And that gets to 107 of the 110 change. Now, adding a little bit to what Kim provided for the full year 2020 guidance, I’ll provide some by segments. Natural Gas segment is projected to be down 4% from planned for the full year, driven by lower gathering and processing activity levels. Products is expected to be down about 17%, driven by lower refined product volumes, lower crude pipeline volumes and unfavorable price impacts. Our Terminals segment is projected to be down 5%, driven by lower throughput. And while that segment is largely take-or-pay, as Steve mentioned, we do have lower ancillary service revenues. Truck rack revenues and both businesses impacted by lower throughput. CO2s is expected to be down 16%, driven by lower oil and NGL price, lower CO2 and oil production volumes as well. G&A, our lower capital spend leads to lower capitalized overhead, but partially offset by non-GAAP pension income and cost savings. So, that provides the main items driving our EBITDA 8% lower by segment. Kim mentioned our new table 8. And I would also like to note that while we don’t foresee this as a material risk at this point, as our as our assets generally provide critical infrastructure services, we may be exposed to potential credit default events. We do not forecast any potential impacts. So, if experienced, we could see further pressure on the forecast. I’d also like to draw your attention to a supplemental slide deck that has been posted to our website. That provides more information on the assumptions for the year, as well as some helpful information on our assets, customers and contract mix. Finishing up with the balance sheet. We ended the quarter at 4.3 times debt to EBITDA, which is consistent with where we were at the year-end. With the 8% EBITDA impact, we expect that to increase to 4.6, as I mentioned, by year-end. And I think the current events underscore just how important it is to have reduced our debt by nearly $10 billion since 2015. Our net debt ended the quarter $32,560 million, down about $470 million from the year-end. To reconcile that change, we had $1.261 billion DCF. We received proceeds from the sale of Pembina shares of $900 million. We had a growth capital and JV contributions of about $500 million in the quarter. We paid dividends of about $570 million. We paid taxes for some deferred Trans Mountain sale taxes, as well as some taxes on the Pembina share sales of about a $160 million. We bought back $50 million worth of KMI shares. And we had a working capital use, mainly interest payments, bonus, property tax payments in the quarter of about [Technical Difficulty] million. And that gets you close to the $469 million change in net debt for the quarter. With that I’ll turn it back to Steve.
Steve Kean: All right. Thanks, David. And Denise, we will now open it up for questions. And as we have been doing for the past several quarters here, we ask that you hold your questions to one and one follow-up. And then, if you’ve more, get back into queue and we will get back to you. Denise?
Operator: Thank you. We will begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from Jean Ann Salisbury with Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hi, guys. On the contracting of the terminal capacity to get up to a 100%, did you only contract that space for one year or will that extra cash flow persist for longer? And I just wanted to clarify that’s already in the new guidance.
Steve Kean: Yes, it’s already in the new guidance, and we contracted for a variety of terms. And John Schlosser, why don’t you elaborate on that?
John Schlosser: Sure. It was anywhere from one, two years. We started off the quarter at 2.3 million barrels of available capacity. And as we stand today, we’re down to 727,000, and most of those are very small chemical tanks. Well, we expect that to continue to shrink as the month goes on and get closer to zero as we finish out the quarter -- or the month. Excuse me.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay. That makes sense. And that was also a third party as we shouldn’t expect to see exciting marketing earnings from the contango from KMI, right?
John Schlosser: All third party.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay. Thank you. And then, can you -- the CO2 business is obviously kind of the most exposed to oil price. Can you give us a sense of what the minimum amount of CapEx going forward would be to kind of keep that business intact over the next few years?
Steve Kean: Yes. Again, we invest our CapEx in the CO2 business based on the returns that it produces. In other words, there’s revenue associated with the oil that comes with the capital that we invest. And we look at that and we stress test the pricing through that oil and we determine whether or not it meets our hurdle criteria. Obviously, those prices have come down. That’s why we’ve taken about $130 million of CapEx out. So, we’re not investing to try to keep it flat. What we invest in is based on the incremental economics of those investments. We’ve been holding to a relatively small decline rate with the CapEx that we’ve been investing. We would expect that decline rate obviously to increase a bit, remains to be seen exactly, but increase a bit with us pulling capital away from that business. But again, we invest the capital based on the incremental economics that we get. Our CO2 lifting -- our lifting cost for most of our investments right now is about $20. And that includes a CO2 price at a market price for CO2, not what it costs us to produce that CO2, which is much lower. And so, we look at our production, make sure that it makes sense to continue to produce it. And as I mentioned, we have that substantial portion of it hedged. 
Operator: The next question comes from Shneur Gershuni with UBS. Your line is open.
Shneur Gershuni: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. I appreciate the tough environment that everyone is in terms of trying to put together guidance and to appreciate the sensitivities that you’ve put out today. I was just wondering if we can focus on the refined product business for a second here. When I look at your Q2 assumptions for 40% to 45% reduction from budget for refined products and terminals, can you provide a little bit of color around the inputs that went into those assumptions? Is that what you’re experiencing today and you’re carrying it through to the end of the quarter, or is there some relationship to refinery utilization that we should be watching? I’m just trying to understand what signposts we should be looking at when thinking about the volumes, as it runs through the refined product segment as things unfold in this difficult environment?
Steve Kean: Yes. Good question. And so, we did this at a fairly high level, as you heard from Kim. We sort of did it quarter-by-quarter -- we did do it quarter-by-quarter. And it was based on a current, and I mean, current as in current month kind of activity that we’re seeing on our assets, and also discussions with our customers that we had both in the products and in the terminals business. And so, that informed the assumptions that we use. Now, having said that, it’s a bit of guesswork right now for everyone. But, we made the best informed judgment we could based on the data that was available to us. And then again gave you some sensitivity, so that you could adjust it based on different assumptions if you have them. But, I think it was fairly informed based on actual experience for early at least in the second quarter, but also conversations with customers. Kim, anything you want to elaborate on there?
Kim Dang: I think that covers it.
Steve Kean: Okay.
Shneur Gershuni: And for a follow-up question, I think, we appreciate the prudence around the dividend increase being only to 5% versus 25%. Definitely, I appreciate the comments about that you have the ability to actually pay it out of cash flows if you chose to do it and you’re looking to revisit in the fourth quarter of this year. Just wondering if the balance of 2020 turns out better than you’re currently budgeting, would you be open to returning cash flow to shareholders via buybacks as an alternative means to returning shares under the existing -- returning cash flows under the existing buyback program?
Rich Kinder: I’ll try to answer that. Again, our anticipation is that we want to go to the $1.25 when normal -- when the economy is normalized. And we think there is an excellent chance that will happen by the fourth quarter. That’s why we put it in the way we did. I don’t think we are -- while I would never say never, it’s not our intention to do significant additional buybacks this year. But again, we’ll watch the whole situation very carefully. I think, as Steve has said, these are really unprecedented times. We’re just trying to be very conservative and very protective of the strength of our balance sheet and provide all the flexibility we can for the Company.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPM. Your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good afternoon. I just want to start off with the proceedings before the Texas Railroad Commission here. And in the event that there is action to prorate production, would you be able to kind of walk us through what that would mean for KMI, the EUR, CO2 business, the nat gas pipes? Would this invoke some type of forced majeure on taker-or-pays? I realize this is highly unusual situation and question, but just wanted to see what you guys’ thoughts were.
Steve Kean: Yes. So, we’ve evaluated our force majeure provisions. And while there’s some -- there is some variability in them. If you look at our tariffs on the interstate natural gas transportation business in particular, which is a big -- obviously a big chunk of our overall business, force majeure events do not excuse obligation to pay. And so, even if something technically qualified as a force majeure, and I’m not saying that this would, but even if it did under our interstate tariffs, it wouldn’t be a force majeure on the obligation to pay. Now, in terms of whether they’ll actually go ahead with this, and how it will look when it happens and how it would be different from what’s going to happen anyway with people taking the right economic steps, based on the price signals that they’re getting in the market, I think that’s anybody’s guess. But, at least when it comes to our transportation tariffs, we think we’re fairly well insulated there. When it comes to CO2 production, I’ll ask Jesse to supplement anything that he sees there. But, I mean, we’re reacting to price signals too as we expect others are and would expect in the event, and again, I don’t think it’s very likely but in the event they did put in some kind of proration, I think we can we can comply with it and probably would be complying with it just in the normal course, if that’s what price is telling us. Jesse, anything you want to add to that?
Jesse Arenivas: Yes. I think you’ve covered it there from the production side. Just on the takeaway from that perspective, we do not have minimum volume commitments. So, our takeaway contracts would not be affected by the proration.
Jeremy Tonet: And you talked about in the G&P that there’s declines in certain basins. I was just wondering if you could walk us through a bit more detail what you’re seeing in the various basins and where actual shutting happening or any more color you could provide on what’s happening on the ground right now?
Steve Kean: Okay. Tom, I’ll ask you to elaborate on that.
Tom Martin: Yes. I mean, it’s very early days. And I think we’re seeing this probably real time starting now and more so I think as we get into May that all the associated gas plays are going to be primarily where we see this. Some Permian volumes will be declining or coming off. We think clearly the Bakken will be impacted as well. Those are probably the two biggest areas that we’re seeing. Now, the other side of the coin, I think as we progress through the year, we’re already getting some inbound inquiries about incremental activity in our dry gas basin part of the network, Haynesville particularly. So, I think we’ll see some potential offset in those areas maybe late this year, early next year.
Operator: The next question comes from Colton Bean with Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Company.
Colton Bean: So, just to follow up on the question there around the EUR business. Steve, I think, you mentioned that lifting cost is around $20 a barrel. To the extent that -- acknowledging that you guys may not have or you have integrated economics on the CO2, if you were to see a price that drops below even those integrated economics, is there any ability to defer production and settle your hedges on a financial basis or even purchase in basin, if physical volumes are needed?
Steve Kean: Yes. There is the ability to turn down production and just collect on the hedges. We have a customer on the other end of those contracts. So, we would be judicious about that, but there is some flexibility to do that.
Colton Bean: And then, just following up on the CapEx side of things. I think, you all noted that you had taken out about $700 million in 2020, quite a bit more than I think CO2 could account for it. So, could you just frame for us, within the other segment, what the moving pieces were there?
Steve Kean: Yes. And on the -- oh, go ahead, Kim.
Kim Dang: Go ahead.
Steve Kean: Yes. So, if you look at the slide deck that David referred to, on page five, we break that out for you. And so, in natural gas, for example, we pulled down CapEx by about 460. A lot of that is in either removed or deferred G&P investments. In products, it is about $90 million. And that’s really -- a lot of that is coming from some reduction in the crude or the gathering business that is part of that segment. In Terminals, there was a few project deferrals in there. And then, CO2, about 130 that I mentioned -- Terminals was 30, by the way, I don’t know if I said that. CO2, about 130, most of that is project deferrals into a different -- until we see a different price environment. Kim, anything you want to add to that?
Kim Dang: No
Steve Kean: Okay. All right.
Operator: The next question is from Spiro Dounis with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Spiro Dounis: Hey. Good after, everyone. Glad to hear you’re all doing well. Just a higher level question, if you’ll entertain. I guess, we’ve all been through a few cycles at this point. So, I would certainly appreciate your point of view on this. And just around the downturn, does this one feel different in terms of its lasting impact on the sector? Rich, I know, you mentioned getting back to normal by fourth quarter, but got to think at least on the supply side, maybe there’s a lasting impact here. And just more broadly, what you think KMI needs to do to adapt? I don’t want to lead you too much. But, do you see yourselves pivoting back towards dry gas basins here or shifting your strategy in any sort of meaningful way?
Steve Kean: I’ll start and ask Rich to add to this. I mean, this is certainly different, unprecedented when you put the combination of the two things, the OPEC Plus falling apart on March 6th, together with COVID crushing demand. And I think you have to look at those two things separately in terms of duration. On COVID, again, it’s still anyone’s guess, but it is -- it’s a virus. Virus tends to be temporary, even if it comes back, it will still be a temporary phenomenon. And we would expect demand to return to normal for refined products, for example. And as Kim mentioned, we’re not really seeing much degradation yet in our natural gas demand and natural gas throughput. When you look at the OPEC Plus situation, if -- even with a return to normal economic activity, if the coalition, if you will, doesn’t hold together and the market is forced to balance on just fundamentals of supply and demand, that could take longer or that could be a more lasting impact, which would have an impact on the shales and the near term, additional gathering and production investment that we would otherwise have planned to make. That could last longer, unless a deal is put together in a better economic environment than what we’re experiencing today. On your point about being able to pivot to dry gas plays, we do have that ability. If you think about our assets, our natural gas assets, we serve dry gas plays like the Marcellus, Utica from a transmission standpoint and storage standpoint with our Tennessee Gas Pipeline system. We serve the Haynesville, as Tom mentioned. And we’ve got plenty of room to grow to the extent the dry gas market -- or to the extent that the gas market comes back into balance with a reliance less on associated gas volumes, and more on dry gas volume. Rich, anything else you want to add about cycles?
Rich Kinder: No. I think, you’ve covered it, Steve. I agree.
Spiro Dounis: And then, just to circle back on the CapEx reductions. I guess, what percentage of the total CapEx cut would you say -- or CapEx reduction would say is an actual cut versus natural deferral? I can see obviously the backlog there is down about I think $300 million or so since the fourth quarter, but I know there’s a lot of moving pieces in there. So, just help understand what you guys have actually trimmed out on a permanent basis here?
Steve Kean: Yes. So, that’s hard to say, right? Because, it depends on if there’s a recovery in commodity prices and when that occurs. And that’s what would drive back in more CapEx on G&P for example, and on CO2. And so, you kind of have to ask yourself, what do you believe about that? We’ve talked about it as a management team, and this is -- definitely goes in the category of forward-looking statement, because nobody knows for sure right now. But, we’re below the $2 billion to $3 billion threshold, obviously, at 1.7 for this year. And our best guests, and it is just a guess at this point, is we’re going to run below that $2 billion to $3 billion range, as we look ahead to 2021 as well, barring some real big turnaround. And it would be awhile before we get back to kind of that 2 to 3 range. And it would require, I think, as I said, some return in producer activity, driven by a better commodity price environment.
Operator: The next question is from Gabe Moreen with Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Gabe Moreen: Good afternoon, everyone. A quick question on I guess the language around exposure to credit default events. Maybe I could just drill down, and I don’t mean to sort of fish for negatives here at all. But any discussions you’re having with customers around areas of concern there, maybe some surprises you’ve seen in portfolio and portfolio in terms of customers, maybe approaching you for, maybe some lead contractually? I’m just curious whether that was based on specific current customer discussions or generic legal language? 
Steve Kean: Well, it is a fairly generic comment, but let me tell you how we look at credit, Gabe. We look at it -- on our Monday meetings, it’s the second topic we cover every Monday, and we go through and we evaluate it customer by customer who has some difficulty, has there been a credit downgrade, what are the outstanding receivables, et cetera, et cetera. But we also look at and we seek collateral and we call them collateral where we have the rights to do so. And we also look at what is the underlying value of the capacity that that particular customer is holding, and to what extent, in a worst case scenario, will they still need that capacity in order to be able to get their product to market and therefore unlikely to reject the contract. So, we try to take all of those things into account. Now, there’s no good analogy to the current year. There just isn’t. But, if we look at something that was similar in terms of impact on the producers segment, we go back to 2016. Our bankruptcy defaults in 2016 amounted to about $10 million. Now, this is -- for all the reasons I said before, it is a worse year than that, but we have those mitigations that I mentioned. It’s also a little bit difficult to call your shots on who you think is going to tip over or not tip over. Maybe they do a debt restructuring instead, et cetera, et cetera. And that’s why it’s very hard for us to project it. But I think it was appropriate for David to mention it because we don’t have it in our revised forecast.
Gabe Moreen: I appreciate that. Thanks, Steve. And then, as a follow-up to that on PHP. Can you talk about how capital contributions from your JV partners work? What were to happen if maybe let’s say in the unlikely scenario a capital contribution from a JV partner would not come through? And then, I guess also would you be willing to talk about what the credit rating is for that one producer on the pipe that I think holds 20% of the project?
Steve Kean: Tom, I’m going to ask you to answer that. I’m not familiar with how dilution works and that sort of thing under the agreements. Do you know?
Tom Martin: Yes. Actually, I don’t off the top of my head, Steve.
Steve Kean: Okay. Anthony, do you have any insight to offer on the capital calls? I mean, they’ve all been going well, but any other insights.
Anthony Ashley: No. Obviously, they have been going well. And there is support for credit, support for the shipper, the equity owners that are non-investment grade or unrelated, to the extent they did not put in a contribution as we have support.
Steve Kean: Credit support for the capital contribution?
Anthony Ashley: Right.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. Thank you all for taking my questions. The first one is on the refined products business, which is your 40% plus demand downtick in the second quarter. When you look at your refined products pipeline system relative to kind of the broader United States system as a whole, is there something about your system in particular where you think it could be better or worse than kind of the broader nation or do you think yours is a good proxy for what’s happening in the broader U.S.?
Steve Kean: Yes. So, Michael, I won’t try to speak for others, but think about the markets we serve, right? The SFPP system is our largest system. It serves California. It serves Arizona. If you think about our plantation pipeline system, that really serves the Mid Atlantic. Its point of terminus is the national airport near Washington DC. And so, you’re talking about Southeast to Mid Atlantic markets there. And the other system is our CFPL system, which serves Tampa and Central Florida. And so, you can think about differences in demand and differences in response to this virus and how that’s playing out in different places. You can also think about how it’s playing out and which will be likely to recover earlier. And, I’ll just ask you to make your own assumptions about that rather than me trying to speculate for other people’s pipelines.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you for that. And then, one other one looking at slide 12 and kind of the commentary about your customer base and their credit ratings. Just curious, have you all looked at the 76% or so that the outlined as being investment grade? And how many of those are on credit outlook, negative watches? Meaning, we’re seeing lots of fallen angels in the energy credit world these days. And I’m just curious how many -- or what percent of that -- what portion of that 76% you think might be migrating from investment grade to high yield?
Steve Kean: Okay. Yes. So, the 76% is investment grade as well as substantial credit support, and the other thing we identified is, our estimate of approximately 1% exposure on our budgeted net revenues from those who are B minus or below. And so, those are kind of the fence posts we put out there. I don’t know the proportion of that 76% that is on negative outlook. I will ask Anthony if you happen to know.
Anthony Ashley: I think most of that already has been incorporated into the update. I think, there’s probably a small, very small percentage that on negative outlook. But generally to the extent they’re on negative outlook and they get dropped from investment grade to non-investment grade, it would trigger a right for us to draw on collateral, but it’s a relatively small percentage.
Operator: The next question comes from Ujjwal Pradhan. Your line is open. Ujjwal is with Bank of America. Thank you.
Ujjwal Pradhan: First one for me, regarding options for crude oil storage within your asset platform. Are there any options that you’re exploring to provide additional storage capacity, given the shortage recently? And do you have -- 16 Jones Act tankers with over 5 million now of potential capacity. Can you comment if all of that is contracted out or if there’s a possibility of using that capacity?
Steve Kean: Yes. I’ll take the last part of that first. It is all under contract on the Jones Act capacity. And John will elaborate on this. But, there is a reluctance to -- and it’s under our customer’s control. Right? It’s under our customer’s control. And it’s mostly clean products, as I mentioned, and there is a reluctance to convert those to dirty products, where we don’t already have them in dirty products service, dirty being crude I mean, and because of cleaning costs et cetera. But John, anything you want to add to that?
John Schlosser: You’re correct. Two-thirds is in clean, it won’t be converted back to crude, and the other is just the economics on the smaller MR sized vessels for storage doesn’t make sense from our customer standpoint. 
Steve Kean: And then, on the crude storage, I mean, again, it makes sense for our refined products assets to be in refined product service. That’s where most of our tankage is. And as John pointed out, it is filling up rapidly. On the crude side, we do have some limited storage capability in our CO2 business as well as in our products pipeline business, but it’s not -- it’s not particularly material.
Ujjwal Pradhan: And as a follow-up, after the Keystone pipeline ruling in Montana last week, I saw there were few headlines raising questions about potential challenge to bring in highway permits as well. Can you comment on the potential legal challenge there?
Steve Kean: Yes, sure. We are aware of the decision, obviously. It is not stopping us from continuing our construction at this point. I’ll just say that it’s hard to imagine that that decision applies outside of the project that that decision was related to, particularly when you think about the implications of all of the various projects that are operating under Nationwide Permit 12 from the Army Corps, and all the jobs that are at stake et cetera. It’s hard to imagine that as a country we would send those people home during times like this. So, look, we wouldn’t expect this decision to stop our construction on PHP. And an important fact there is that we already have -- we have an existing authorization, a verification under nationwide rule 12 that applies to PHP.
Operator: The next question is from Pearce Hammond with Simmons Energy. Your line is open.
Pearce Hammond: Picking up on Spiro’s earlier question. During this downturn, are there opportunities to strengthen the Company and make it even better enterprise coming out of the downturn? And if so, what are some of those steps or opportunities that you could take?
Steve Kean: Yes. As I said at the beginning of my remarks, I think we took a lot of really important steps over the last several years to make our Company stronger. Certainly, what we’re doing, continuing to operate and operate well and operate the way we have been. It has been -- it strengthens our organization. In terms of further strengthening the balance sheet, we are following the capital allocation priorities that Rich outlined and that I outlined. And we do feel comfortable with our current leverage metric in terms of supporting the rating that we have. And we stay in close contact with the rating agencies and believe that they agree with that. We’ll always look for opportunities to get stronger. But, I think we’ve done a really good job of getting to where we are right now.
Pearce Hammond: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: The next question is from Tristan Richardson with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Tristan Richardson: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. Just a quick follow-up to an earlier question on what you guys are seeing in midstream. With respect to the revised expectations there, conceptually, can you talk about how much of the revision is due to either expected shut-ins of existing production or versus previously expected volume growth that is just now no longer expected to materialize?
Steve Kean: Yes. So, I think, what we tried to do, as I said before, was we looked closely at what our current activity levels were, but also had conversations with our customers to try to understand what they were seeing coming. And look just -- that’s going to be an evolving situation. Shut-ins will be the right solution for certain wells for a certain period of time. But, I think, there’ll be instances where there’s a prioritization going on. And some of our customers even pointed out that they may drill other wells and shut in other ones that are not as economic, because high GOR, water handling costs, all kinds of things. So, there is a whole variety of considerations that will go into that. But I think, doing this quarter-by-quarter, I think we captured at least our best guess and informed by what our customers are telling us that the deep negative that we’re seeing right now, as well as what we expect that to average out to for the quarter. Kim, any additional detail there?
Kim Dang: No, I think you covered it.
Steve Kean: Okay.
Tristan Richardson: Thanks. And just second, on the cost saving side, Kim, you talked about the $80 million in operating cost savings and $100 million in lower interest costs? I think, you mentioned capitalized overhead. But, do you guys see any further opportunity on the G&A side?
Steve Kean: Kim, go ahead.
Kim Dang: Yes. I mean, in these numbers, we’ve taken into account G&A savings, things have come from not traveling, things like that. So, we have tried to take into account G&A savings. The $100 million, just so you know was -- half of that about is on interest and then half of that on sustaining CapEx. So, that $100 million was a combination of interest and sustaining CapEx. But, we did take into account G&A savings in the $80 million.
Steve Kean: And the other thing I would add there is we continue to look for opportunities to save costs without compromising the safety and integrity of our assets. One phenomenon that we’re really just on the front end of, and we’ve seen -- we’ve reflected some of this, but I suspect we haven’t reflected all of it yet, is that as we’re going out to our vendors and service providers, we’re getting good cost reductions, and we’re really on kind of the front end of that. People are anxious to do business with us. They’re anxious to have work wherever they can at this point. And Jesse and his team in CO2 for example, they’re in the early part of their cycle at getting those sort of price and term concessions from the people who provide services to us. And so, I think that can lead to additional capital and OpEx savings as we progress on. But, obviously there are negatives on the other side as there are with any forecasts. But, I think that is one thing I would point to.
Kim Dang: Yes. And Steve, you know, the other thing our forecast mentioned is that we’ve assumed that a lot of work just gets pushed to later in the year and that we can get basically double the work done in certain cases. And so, there is the potential that we have, other things move out of the year that we just haven’t been able to project at this point.
Operator: The next question is from Danilo Juvane with BMO Capital. Your line is now open.
Danilo Juvane: Thank you. I really have a follow-up on guidance. To the extent that it was informed by conversations with your customers, how confident are you that you’ll be able to hit updated numbers? And could you see further revisions to your leverage objectives as well as your dividend growth target for the year?
Steve Kean: Kim, do you want to take the first stab at that?
Kim Dang: How confident are we in these numbers? Look, we did a bottoms-up review. We involved all of our business units. We tried to get in all the data that we could from what we were seeing from our customers. And so, we took our best stab at it. But, as I said earlier, it is a highly uncertain market. And so, we don’t know if those judgments are going to prove to be correct. And so, that’s why we have given people, one, clarity into the judgments we made about how much we were taking down volumes; and then, further provided a sensitivity. So, to the extent that volumes end up worse than what we are projecting or better than what we are projecting, people can adjust our numbers in the future.
Operator: The next question comes from Becca Followill with U.S. Capital Advisors. Your line is open. 
Becca Followill: Good afternoon. First, thanks for the level of detail. I know how difficult this is to put together. And it’s really very helpful. Second, on CO2 business, there is huge uncertainty. We don’t know how prices are going to shake out. You guys are pretty heavily hedged for this year, but not as much for next year. Can you talk about what shut-ins would mean for that business in terms of how durable is the field? If you do shut it in, would it take additional capital to bring it back? Can you just curtail it back and then bring it up to kind of ease things or just kind of bigger picture on CO2?
Steve Kean: Sure. And I’ll ask Jesse to supplement this. But, we’re not talking about shutting in fields. There may be some turndown here and there, depending on the price signals we’re seeing in the cash market, as we talked about earlier. But for example, in our three smaller fields, we’re looking at, instead of introducing a new CO2 in those fields, just recapturing the CO2 that comes out with our oil production and recycling it in those fields. So, it’s not about shutting it down. It’s more about dialing it back and under the current market environment, not introducing new CO2 into it. But, Jesse, why don’t you comment further on that?
Jesse Arenivas: That’s a good summary there, Steve. But, I think where we are, Becca is, we’re obviously high grading the production in each field and optimizing the highest cost production, highest gas to oil ratio. So, we’ve taken steps to curtail that production. Each field is different, different reservoirs, different wellbore, diagram. So, where you have pumps, there’s obviously some risk that you have to pull those, if you restart. But, from a material perspective, we think that most of the production will come back with a very little capital required. You will have some instances where you have to work over a well and restimulate it to get it going. But right now, we’re just high-grading production and getting the most profitable barrels to market.
Becca Followill: Thank you. And then, what basis differential are you guys assuming for the rest of the year?
Steve Kean: Jesse, do you want to answer that as well? Are you talking about Mid-Cush?
Jesse Arenivas: Yes.
Steve Kean: Go ahead Jesse. We hedge that...
Jesse Arenivas: Yes. With respect to Mid-Cush, we are virtually 100% hedged there at a positive $0.14. So, we’ve taken that risk off the table.
Operator: Thank you. And there are no other questions at this time.
Rich Kinder: Thank you very much. And have a good evening. Stay safe and stay healthy. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference call. Thank you for participating, and you may disconnect at this time. Speakers, allow a moment of silence and standby for your post conference.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-22 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to inform all parties that today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Richard Kinder: Thank you, Denise. Before we begin, as usual I'd like to remind you that KMI's earnings release today and this call include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosures on forward-looking statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release as well as review our latest filings with the SEC for important material assumptions, expectations and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking statements. Before turning the call over to Steve and the team, let me begin this call by touching upon the state of the energy segment of our economy as we start this new decade. As a share of the S&P 500, the energy business has declined from 16% at its high point in 2008 to about 4% today. There are many explanations for this deterioration in relative value, and some of them are frankly beyond the control of our industry, but let me concentrate on a few things I believe our business needs to do if we are to succeed and prosper in this challenging environment. We need to show our investors that we have a path forward to produce reasonable returns for our shareholders on a sustainable long-term basis. This means that as an industry, we have to produce positive cash flow from our operations and use it to benefit our shareholders. We also have to constantly explain why fossil fuels and particularly natural gas have a long runway of future utilization under even the most bullish scenarios for converting the world's economy to renewable fuels. Reams of research have been published underpinning this position, but it often gets overwhelmed by sloganeering and political noise. Finally, we have as an industry to do as much as we reasonably can to reduce our emissions, becoming part of the solution, not part of the problem. I’ve outlined on previous calls the success we and others in the midstream segment have had in lowering our methane emissions. And the whole industry needs to move forward on this track and report results in a transparent way. Now let me apply the financial part of what I’ve just said to Kinder Morgan. Our strategy is in many ways a conservative one, which I think is in keeping with the nature of the industry in which we operate. Energy infrastructure companies like Kinder Morgan generate lots of cash flow, and the test of good management is how that cash flow is utilized. Since the collapse of oil prices in 2014 and 2015, and its decidedly negative impact on the equity value of the energy segment, including ours, we have prioritized getting our balance sheet in shape, returning to our - dollars to our shareholders through dividends, buying back shares on an opportunistic basis, and pursuing expansion projects when they promise a high and secure IRR. We believe that approach has been the correct one, and we will continue to follow it in the future. A prime example of our thinking is our gradual increase in the dividends we pay our shareholders. I’ll remind you, we've gone from $0.50 in 2017 to $0.80 in 2018 to $1 in 2019, and as promised, intend to pay $1.25 for 2020, and all of those dividends have been amply covered by our cash flow. Looking forward, I assure you that we will not be chasing acquisitions or expansion projects that do not meet our strict criteria for delivering solid and transparent returns. We are helped by having such an extensive system of pipelines and terminals, which allows us to undertake extensions and expansions that benefit our customers and achieve good returns for KMI without taking on the risk inherent in building completely new systems not tied to our present assets. I can’t promise that we won’t make mistakes, and we certainly will. But I hope you understand that we have a coherent, rational approach to our business that I believe will provide value to our shareholders over the coming years. Steve?
Steven Kean: Thanks, Rich. I’ll cover a few highlights and turn it over to our President, Kim Dang, to give you the update on our segment performance. And our CFO, David Michels, will take you through the financials, then we’ll take your questions. The summary on KMI is this, we’re adhering to the principles that we’ve talked about for the last several quarters now and have laid out for you. We have achieved a strong balance sheet, having met and now improved on our approximately 4.5 times debt-to-EBITDA target and with a solid BBB flat rating from all 3 ratings agencies. We are maintaining our capital discipline through our return criteria, a good track record of execution and by self-funding our investments. We are returning value to shareholders with a 25% year-over-year dividend increase and another 25% increase coming in dividends declared in 2020, and we do continue to find attractive growth opportunities. Again, strong balance sheet, capital discipline, returning value to shareholders and finding additional opportunities across our network at attractive returns. Those are the principles we've been operating by. And during the third - fourth quarter, with the closing of the sale of Cochin and KML to Pembina and the subsequent sale of the Pembina shares we received as part of the consideration for the transaction, our debt-to-EBITDA stands at 4.3 times. We haven't changed our long-term target of 4.5 times, meaning that in our 2020 plan, we have $1.2 billion of balance sheet capacity. A few points on the balance sheet flexibility. First, it’s good to have it. We worked hard to get it, having reduced debt by $9.4 billion over the last 4 years or so. And as we said in our guidance in December, having this flexibility is, we believe, valuable to our shareholders, the flexibility itself. Second, we will be opportunistic in turning that capacity into even greater value for our shareholders. We also have not changed our policy that we announced in mid-2017 when we introduced our share repurchase plan. That policy is that we will be opportunistic on share repurchases, not programmatic, and that message hasn’t changed. Also, a few points about creating shareholder value with our project investments. First, we do achieve attractive returns on our project investments in aggregate. From 2015 through 2019, we have invested about $12 billion in project capital. That’s to our share and not including CO2 where we have higher return thresholds. In aggregate, those projects were approved on economics that projected about a 6 times EBITDA multiple. In fact, we're doing slightly better than that already attractive multiple. We'll take you through the details of that at next week’s investor conference. Second, but also important, are the things that we don’t do or didn’t do, the projects that we did not invest in or proceed with. A few examples, we did not participate in the build-out of gas pipelines in the Mexico interior. We did not proceed with the Northeast Direct gas project in New England back in 2016. And we sold our Trans Mountain project when it became clear that we couldn’t confidently finish if we started. And we sold it to the one party who had the capability to finish the project. We're happy with all of those decisions and many more. The point of all this is that we make the right decisions on behalf of our shareholders. We act as principals, not agents. We act like owners, and we protect our owners resources. Again, we’re consistently applying our capital allocation principles, and our performance has demonstrated the value of applying those principles. A few highlights for the fourth quarter. As mentioned, we closed on the KML and Cochin sale in December and converted the shares we received earlier this month. We placed 3 of the 10 Elba Liquefaction units in service by the end of the year with a fourth unit that went online last week, and we expect to have all 10 in service by midyear. With the first unit going into service in September of last year, we received 80% of our share of project revenues. Gulf Coast Express went into service in the third quarter of last year. The fourth quarter update is Waha base has almost immediately widened, showing once again the need for an additional pipe. Just to put things in perspective, the spread is about 2 to 3 times the value of the tariff. The capacity is valuable, and frankly we wouldn't mind holding a little ourselves. On PHP, we have now acquired 99-plus percent of our right of way. This is a significant milestone, given that we are going through the Texas Hill Country. We are well along in the construction of the western spread. We believe that we are close to getting our federal permit so that we can begin construction on the eastern spreads. As we said on the last call, that process has taken longer than we planned, but we still project today as we did last quarter, an early 2021 in-service date. We believe the agencies involved have been extremely thorough, and the permit will therefore be strong. Both of our Permian gas pipeline projects bring us additional opportunities in our downstream pipes. Combined, they bring 4 Bcf a day of incremental gas to the Texas Gulf Coast where we have our large intrastate pipeline system. Those projects bring opportunities for downstream expansion and optimization as we find homes for that incremental gas through our connectivity with LNG facilities and Texas Gulf Coast power, industrial and pet chem demand. Our backlog includes about $325 million to expand and improve connectivity along our Texas intrastate pipeline network to enable us to place the incremental volumes that are and will be hitting our system. We’re still working with customers on a third 2 Bcf a day pipeline called Permian Pass. This remains a work in progress. It’s not in the backlog. We believe, eventually, this pipeline is needed, but probably not as soon as we thought this time last year. In the meantime, we’re continuing to talk with producers and potential partners and believe, number one, the long-term dynamics of needed gas takeaway capacity out of the Permian Basin are strong and that our extensive pipeline network in Texas put us in good position to pick up this opportunity when the market is ready to sign up for it. These Permian projects show us taking advantage of a very positive situation. There’s large supply growth in Texas and large demand growth in Texas. And we can bridge the 2 and connect to our premier Texas intrastate pipeline network and stay entirely within the state of Texas, where we have more commercial flexibility. As we pointed out at the conference, 70% of natural gas demand growth between now and 2030 is projected to be in Louisiana and Texas, and our systems are well positioned to benefit from that. Finally, our backlog now stands at $3.6 billion. That’s down from last quarter, primarily due to us placing a processing plant in service during the quarter and removing the backlog associated with KML projects from the KMI backlog. We will remain disciplined here, seeking returns that are comfortably above our cost of capital. We believe our historical experience, the size of our network and the market dynamics, particularly in natural gas, will continue to provide the opportunity to invest in 2 billion to 3 billion a year. That's what our track record would show. But if we don't find that much in new opportunities, we are not going to force it, as the examples I gave you show. We have other opportunities to deliver value to our shareholders. We will maintain our discipline. And with that, I turn it over to Kim.
Kimberly Dang: Okay. Thanks, Steve. Well, I’m going to sound like a broken record because we’re now up to 8 quarters, 8, that’s 2 years in a row in which natural gas transport volumes on our transmission pipes have exceeded the comparable prior year by at least 10%. For the fourth quarter, transport volumes were up 14% compared to the fourth quarter of 2018. Specifically, EPNG was up almost 1.3 Bcf a day due to increased Permian-related activity and colder California weather. TGP was up over 1 Bcf a day due to expansion projects. CIG was up 780 million cubic feet a day due to increased DJ production and higher heating demand on the front range in Colorado. KMLP volumes were up 542 million cubic feet a day due to the Sabine Pass Expansion. GCX went into full service, and we are now routinely operating at full capacity of approximately 2 Bcf a day. And the Texas intrastates were up over 500 million cubic feet a day on continued growth in the Texas Gulf Coast market and the additional supply coming in from GCX. On our gathering assets and natural gas, volumes were up 8% or 265 million cubic feet a day from the fourth quarter 2018, and that was driven primarily by higher volumes in the Eagle Ford and the Bakken. Our Bakken gathered volumes were up 18%, and our Eagle Ford volumes were up 22%. Haynesville volumes were essentially flat versus the fourth quarter of 2018. NGL transport volumes were up 23% in the fourth quarter compared to the fourth quarter 2018, and that was due to higher Cochin volumes. Our product segment was also up nicely in the quarter as we received strong contributions from our Bakken fleet assets, the splitter and SFPP. Overall, refined products volumes were flat in the quarter compared to the fourth quarter 2018, and crude volumes were also essentially flat. The terminals business was down in this quarter compared to the fourth quarter of 2018. The liquids business, which accounts for nearly 80% of the segment total, was impacted by the December sale of KML. But in our Houston liquids terminals, we saw record volumes. We saw record quarterly throughput of 137 million barrels. That's about 1.5 million barrels a day, and we averaged 328,000 barrels a day in refined products going over our docks. Our boat business was down compared to the fourth quarter 2018, with gains at our - from our petroleum coke handling business more than offset by weakness in coal export volumes. Finally, CO2 was hurt by lower commodity prices and lower crude volumes. Weighted average NGL price for the quarter was down $5.34 per barrel. That’s about 19% versus the fourth quarter 2018. And our weighted average crude oil price for the quarter was down 10% or $5.67 per barrel. On the crude oil decline, that was largely driven by our Midland-Cushing base of hedges. Crude oil production in aggregate across all the fields was down 5% compared to the same period in 2018. Net NGL sales volumes were up 4%. And our CO2 operations, although we’re down this quarter, we still do benefit from holding billions of barrels of original oil in place. And we continue to find additional opportunities to exploit that resource base and extend the productive life of SACROC and Yates in particular, as we have for years. But we will remain disciplined in our investment approach and set higher return thresholds for these investments. With that, I’ll turn it over to David Michels.
David Michels: All right. Thanks, Kim. So today, we’re declaring a dividend of $0.25 per share, which is in line with our budget to declare $1 per share for the full year 2019. That’s a 25% increase over the $0.80 per share declared for 2018. KMI's earnings per share this quarter was $0.27 per share, up 29% from the fourth quarter of 2018. And our adjusted earnings per share and DCF per share both grew 4% and 5% respectively from last year's fourth quarter. We generated DCF per share of $0.59, which is 2.4 times or approximately $785 million in excess of the declared dividend. For the full year 2019, we generated DCF of $2.19 per share, which is $0.01 off of our plan of $2.20. We had projected on the third quarter call that EBITDA and DCF would end the year below plan. EBITDA was less than 3% below plan, and DCF was only slightly below plan. Since the third quarter, we closed the gap relative to plan due to good commercial and operational performance in the fourth quarter. In fact, DCF ended the year below budget by only $13 million, which is less than a half of 1%. The main drivers of our performance versus budget include our Elba Island liquefaction facility coming on later than budgeted, lower commodity prices and volumes impacting our CO2 segments, and our FERC 501-G settlement, partially offset by strong Permian supply growth benefiting EPNG more than we had budgeted. So those are the largest drivers of our EBITDA performance. DCF was impacted by the same items, but also benefited from favorable interest expenses during the year and the add-back of non-cash pension expenses. So that was performance versus plan for the year. Now onto the details for our fourth quarter versus fourth quarter of 2018. Revenues were down $429 million from the third quarter -- excuse me, from the fourth quarter of 2018. But we also had a decline in the cost of sales in the quarter of $423 million, which nearly offset the revenue decline, meaning that our gross margin was about flat from last quarter of last year. That's a good reminder that given the way that we contract particularly in our Texas intrastate business, gross margin, which is revenue less cost of sales, is a better indicator than performance than revenue alone. Additionally, we recognized $112 million of non-cash gains on derivative contracts during the fourth quarter of 2018. We treat those non-cash gains, which don't - on those derivative contracts that didn't settle in the period as certain items, and we exclude those from our non-GAAP metrics. But for those non-cash gains, therefore, gross margin was up over $100 million period-over-period. You’ll see on the income statement, the gain/loss on divestitures and impairments line item. That includes for the fourth quarter of 2019 a $1.3 billion gain related to our KML and U.S. Cochin pipeline sales, partially offset by $364 million of asset impairments on our gathering and processing assets in Oklahoma and Northern Texas, driven by reduced drilling activity and on our Tall Cotton asset and our CO2 segment driven by reduced investment expectations. The loss, earnings from investments - excuse me, from equity investments line item includes, for the fourth quarter 2019, a $650 million impairment on our Ruby pipeline investment, which we took in the quarter as a result of upcoming contract expirations along with competing natural gas supplies. Net income available to common stockholders was up $127 million or 26% versus Q4 of 2018 due in part to the KML Cochin gain in the quarter. Net income available to common stockholders adjusted for certain items, or what we call adjusted earnings, were up $24 million or 4% compared to the fourth quarter of 2018. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.26 for the quarter, up $0.01 or 4% from the prior quarter. Moving on to our DCF performance. Natural gas was up $120 million or 11%. We saw greater performance from last year due mostly to expansion projects. The Elba's trial and liquefaction facilities contributing with 3 units in service last year, Gulf Coast Express was placed fully into service, and TGP had multiple - contributions from multiple expansion projects. Kim covered the main drivers of the other segments for the quarter. Now moving to G&A and corporate charges, those were higher by $34 million due to lower overhead capitalized projects and higher non-cash pension expenses. So those are the main changes in adjusted EBITDA, which was $58 million or 3% above Q4 2018. Interest expense was $18 million lower driven by our lower debt balance and lower LIBOR rates benefiting our floating interest rate swaps. And that was partially offset by interest income that we recognized during the fourth quarter of 2018 due to sale proceeds we had on hand from the Trans Mountain sale. Sustaining capital was $30 million higher versus the fourth quarter of 2018. However, we had budgeted to spend more sustaining capital in 2019, and we actually ended the year favorable to plan in the sustaining capital category. Total DCF of $1,354,000,000 is up $81 million or 6%, and our DCF per share of $0.59 was up $0.03 or 5%. Moving to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter at 4.3 times debt to EBITDA, which was a nice improvement from the 4.7 times at the end of the third quarter of 2019 and from the 4.5 times at the beginning of 2019. It’s also better than our budget of 4.5 despite EBITDA coming in a bit below budget. We remain focused on capital discipline, which means we continue to only invest in projects that meet our high hurdle rates, and we continuously review our capital plan. In 2019, those efforts resulted in more than $300 million of lower capital spend compared to what we had budgeted. Looking at the net debt, our adjusted net debt ended the quarter at $33 billion, which is down $2.2 billion from the third quarter and $1.1 billion lower than year-end 2018. We didn't issue any KMI bonds in 2019. And in fact, the last KMI bond issuance was nearly 2 years ago in February 2018. Additionally as Steve mentioned, but I think is worth mentioning again, our net debt is down $9.4 billion since the third quarter of 2015, so nice progress there. To reconcile the change in net debt for the quarter, we had DCF of $1.354 billion. We had $1.55 billion of proceeds from the Cochin sale. We sold our share of KML's preferred equity, $215 million of which was in our net debt. We contributed $600 million of growth capital and contributions to our joint ventures. We paid dividends of $570 million and we had a $250 million working capital source of cash, which is mainly interest expense accruals. And that reconciles you approximately to the $2.2 billion decrease in debt for the quarter. For the full year reconciliation to the $1.12 billion of lower debt, we had DCF of $4.993 billion. We had $1.67 billion of divestitures, mostly represented by the U.S. Cochin sale. We removed the $215 million of KML's preferred equity. We had growth CapEx and JV contributions of $2.92 billion. We paid dividends of $2.2 billion. Paid taxes on the Trans Mountain sale of $340 million, and we had approximately a $300 million working capital use of cash. And that gets you to the main pieces of the $1.12 billion decrease in net debt for the year. And with that, I’ll turn it back to Steve.
Steven Kean: All right. So a couple of quick reminders before we start the questions. Number one is, as I'm sure many of you know, we will have our investor - Annual Investor Conference next week. And so David and Kim and I and others will be going through the details of 2020. So we'll kind of ask you to wait for that more detailed presentation in terms of the 2020 plans. [Operator Instructions] All right. Denise, with that, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question does come from Shneur Gershuni with UBS. Your line is open.
Shneur Gershuni: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. I'll keep my questions light given the Analyst Day next week. Maybe to start off, Steve, you’ve been very careful to say no programmatic buybacks in the past and you’ve reiterated it today, and you just want to use it with respect to opportunistic buybacks. Is there a plan, to either share with us today or at the Analyst Day next week, if you plan to complete the authorization by a certain point in time? Just a little bit more color with respect to how you’re thinking about buyback over a longer term basis?
Steven Kean: Not really. I mean the guidance that we're giving is very consistent with what it’s been all along, which is we evaluate these decisions based on return. We do look to purchase opportunistically and not programmatically. We’ve never published any kind of target price, et cetera. And so you put that together, and you say we’re not going to announce a specific timing for the conclusion of the program either. But we have used about $525 million of the $2 billion program. We have used it opportunistically, and we are pleased with the results of our share repurchases under the program to date.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay. Fair enough. And maybe as a follow-up, I was just wondering if you can expand a little bit on the changes in the backlog that you put out in your prepared remarks. Has Elba already been removed from it, with it coming online? And were there any changes to your CO2 outlook with respect to the backlog or everything is kind of...
Steven Kean: Yeah. So Elba, what we’ve been doing on Elba is since we've put the first unit in service, and that's really - I mean that's really when the balance of the plant was complete and when the substantial 80% to our share of the revenues started, we started reflecting Elba at - pulling it off the backlog as the units were coming on. Correct, yes?
Kimberly Dang: Yes.
Steven Kean: Okay. And then we have also put in service in our natural gas group as I mentioned, a processing plant in the Bakken area, which - that went into service. And so then that came off the backlog. And that's really the biggest chunk in that movement.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: Good afternoon. Just wanted to start off with a question with M&A, actually, and it seems like Kinder could be in a position to do different things right here. We saw earlier this week, Magellan announced terminal sales at a valuation that appears to be quite robust, given where a lot of things trade today. And just wondering how you guys think about kind of portfolio optimization within that context, given the private equity bid there. On the other side, it seems like growth is slowing in certain parts of midstream, and maybe there's the potential to kind of roll up other players out there. And I know Kinder has been successful at rolling things up in the past. Just wondering how you think about those two different angles, and if anything could make sense for you guys going forward?
Steven Kean: Well as Rich said at the start, our approach to our business and to this industry is conservative. And so we spent a lot of time and did a lot of work to get our balance sheet in the shape that it’s in. And we’re really not interested in hurting our leverage metrics through M&A or through anything else for that matter. Look, we’ve always looked around at opportunities, and we would continue to do so. But they would need to meet pretty substantial return criteria, similar to what other uses of capital would be. And so that kind of narrows that opportunity unless something really valuable comes along. You mentioned the recent announcement on asset purchase and sale between midstream operators. We did close a very small acquisition of a pipeline in South Texas. That was a very nice fit into our Texas intrastate system. And we certainly - and we did that at attractive terms on an attractive return for that capital invested, and so we’ll keep our eyes open for things like that.
Jeremy Tonet: Got you. And just as far as the prices that you see out there, I mean is that something that you pursue, just given how it was so higher than where a lot of guys trade right now or on the sale side?
Steven Kean: Well, you mentioned the private equity bid that's out there. And that's a phenomenon that certainly we’ve observed as well, which means there's competition for those things. And really, Jeremy, I think it comes back to we’re just going to be very judicious with our shareholders money here. And we’re going to do things that we can do that we are very, very confident are going to produce value for us.
Operator: The next question comes from Spiro Dounis from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Spiro Dounis: Hey. Good afternoon, everyone. Maybe just start with the project backlog. Steve, I appreciate your comments around capital discipline. I think that should be pretty welcomed by the market. But I just want to look to the backlog, it’s about 1.5 years of growth here going forward. And so just curious how we should think about how and when you start to replenish that backlog, and when you'll be in a position to sanction more projects outside of Permian Pass?
Steven Kean: Yes. Sure. And actually it's something I should have said in response to Shneur's comment is as I said in talking about the backlog, there was also to KM's share, about 55 million or so of KML backlog that came out as well. So that, in addition to the processing plant, was the other explanation for the change quarter-to-quarter. Look, we don’t approach capital investments with the idea of replenishing a backlog. And so the information or the guidance that we can give you is if you look at over a very long period of time, 10 years plus, and you look at what we've been able to find on our network, it's been between $2 billion and $3 billion. And we'll show you this, it's in Kim's presentation, the detail on this. It's been between 2 and 3, and the mean has been 2.5. Next year, we've got 2.4 in, in the budget that we announced in December. We'll keep looking for those opportunities and find them as they - what we've seen, what we've experienced is that the opportunity to do those investments at attractive returns are the opportunities that really are along our network as it stands right now. And we've got a very vast network, and I think we'll continue to find opportunities there, but they'll be up and down. They could be in the low 2s, or they could be like they were in this past year, around 3. But we don't aim to replenish the backlog. We follow kind of what we see coming down the pike, including things like Permian Pass. And that's what gives us some confidence that our kind of 2 to 3 historical is probably still in the ballpark for us over the next little while.
Spiro Dounis: Got it. That's fair. I appreciate that. Second question, just around ESG. You guys have been leaders here in midstream, and it looks like you're getting credit for that. And so I guess, one point to me what some large investors have come out and said, in the last 2 weeks, aiming to really sharpen their focus on ESG and screening investments in that manner. So just curious how much ESG really drives your decision-making on an asset-by-asset basis? Would you ever consider selling something or buying something in order to fill in the ESG standard? And specifically, I’m thinking about is something like your coal terminals, right? If you felt like that could be harmful to your ESG brand, would that be something you would consider selling?
Steven Kean: Yes. So part of the ESG is G, which is governance, which is taking care of your shareholders and doing the right things with their money. And so we have not looked at it from the perspective of investment. We’re very, very weighted to natural gas, and that's a good business for us, and it's a big part of the solution going forward as Rich mentioned. But I do want to acknowledge what you said, we have tried to be leaders in this. And we've done, I think, a very good job across our business units, our operations. This isn't just some corporate thing. This is something that is permeated through our operations. And we have earned the number two ranking in our sector for how we manage ESG risk. Now that job is not done. We have to keep going. But we do things, for example, like look at scenarios of continued methane emissions reductions and we've really overachieved the target there, if you will. There's not really such a thing as overachieving it. But I mean we had a target in the one future group, which is a 1% limit across the entire chain from production through distribution. And the transmission and storage sector's allocation of that 1% is 0.31%, and we're at 0.02%. And so we've really done a very good job there. And that's good operational blocking and tackling. And by the way, that's in our shareholders' best interest, too, because we get paid to move methane, not to lose it. So that’s been a multi-decade process. And that's an example of how we incorporate it into the way we do business and the way we think of things. But we're not going to go out and do a dilutive renewable acquisition, nor are we going to do an economic divestiture from our investors' standpoint. We're keeping an eye on the G as well as the E and S.
Operator: The next question comes from Tristan Richardson with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Tristan Richardson: Good morning – good afternoon, guys. Just a project question on Permian Highway, just a clarification. Can you talk about the expected timing of permitting on the federal side that you mentioned would allow the eastern spread to kick off?
Steven Kean: Make it a point of not speaking for federal regulators. So all I can say is based on how fully the record is developed, and based on certain statutory timelines that are built in to the authorizing legislation, we expect it to be soon. And that's why I used the word soon and not a more specific one.
Tristan Richardson: Okay. And then as a follow-up, just has the commercial discussion around Permian Pass changed now that the market in the world has seen how short-lived that narrow spread was?
Steven Kean: Certainly everybody's noticed that, I think. I would say that we first saw, as we reported when we came out in the third quarter, we saw - I would tie it to - after the producers came out with their second quarter guidance, which was after we did our second quarter, and they tightened up on their capital plans, et cetera, that there was definitely a cooling of what had been some fairly active commercial discussions that we thought might have even led us to an FID decision last year. And that clearly has been delayed. I don't think it's cooled any further than - since then. And I think people do recognize that gas - additional gas takeaway is going to be needed. And something that I thought was interesting that one of the fundamentals guys wrote about is in a Permian, 97% of the value in the well is in the oil and the liquids that are produced. And oil prices are still pretty good. And the Permian has been completely debottlenecked to the point where Midland is trading above WTI. So that suggest, if you can economically produce oil, you're going to need to find a way to put the gas away. And we already have a constrained or a high basis differential between Waha and ship. And so I think as people start to evaluate their capital plans and think about what's economic to do and not, that they’re going to ultimately need some additional takeaway capacity. We can't guarantee that we're going to get it, but we think we're well placed for it.
Operator: The next question comes from Keith Stanley your line is open - from Wolfe Research.
Keith Stanley: Hi, thanks. Just wanted to follow-up on the M&A topic. The last call, you guys had cited some inbound interest at attractive multiples on some assets. Just curious if you're still getting interest in specific assets and level of optimism you can execute on accretive sales this year?
Steven Kean: Yes. So this kind of came up in Jeremy's question where he pointed to the high PE bid. And what I would say is that there is a differential between how private equity investors, the multiple of which private equity investors place on the cash flows through certain assets that we generate and what it appears the public markets place. And you can see that in evidence of what the multiple was on Cochin You can see you it on what the multiple was on Utopia. That's out there for sure. But like these other things, I think what you're hearing as a theme for us is we are going to be careful and conservative. We're going to want to make sure that those numbers really work for us. And so, Keith, we're not giving any guidance and really can't practically give you any guidance on something being monetized this year or at any particular time period.
Keith Stanley: Okay, thanks. That’s it from me.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys congrats on a good quarter. Real quick question. Just curious, over the last 30 to 60 days, how your conversations with producer customers have been, given how weak natural gas prices especially over the last couple of weeks have been? And how you think about how that flows through both your gathering business, but even some of the long-haul pipes, that have significant producer counterparties instead of regulated utility counterparties? Thinking like Ruby, obviously, given the impairment, but even some of the smaller ones like Fayetteville Express or MEP?
Steven Kean: Okay. So a lot in there, but I think there are two things. One is the conversation is fundamentally different with an oil producer who is also producing natural gas, like the people in the Permian for example, right? And so that's where a lot of that incremental growth in gas production that we expect, we've seen this. Others have seen it a shift in where the growth is going to come from away from kind of some of the dry gas plays and more toward the associated gas plays, like what you see in the Permian and the Bakken. On the other hand, I mean there's no doubt that with gas prices where they are. The dry gas producers are under some strain, and they're being very careful and thoughtful about how they are managing their business, and those folks are our customers, and we're in good contact with them. And it's not -- those are not discussions about growth. Well, some of them are, but they're more discussions about making sure that we continue to have adequate credit support and that we're being constructive where we can be, et cetera. But the dry gas plays are more challenged and the associated gas that's coming out of the Bakken. I mean I think the next solution in the Bakken really needs to be incremental residue gas takeaway capacity out of there, and we already talked about the Permian. So no more there. Now on the other assets that you mentioned, specifically, we talked a little bit about Ruby. That's a challenged asset, challenged for the reasons we -- well, it's coming from the Rockies. Rockies is overpiped in terms of an export capacity basis. That's been the case for a while now, and there are alternative sources from Canada, for example, to serve the market in the northwest. So that's just - that's a challenged asset and FEP is challenged as well. But MEP, it's been a little bit of ups and downs, but we're seeing nice positive spreads that we're able to transact at. That's a little bit more of a - there's a multi-zonal system. It gives us access to a lot more supply and delivery interconnects and takeaways. So that asset has improved - improved some from the prospects that we had. No doubt, contracts that roll off there and that rolled off last year rolled out into a much more challenged spread environment, but there's still positive economic value on that asset. And so those are - that's kind of the rundown on those three.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Just one quick follow-up, any update on the JV you had talked about with Tallgrass, kind of in the Rockies and that neck of the woods with multiple assets involved. It's been a little quiet on that front.
Steven Kean: Yes. We really haven't been able to make anything work there in terms of - we did an open season to secure some contracting - to recontract some expiring capacity on HH, which will go through Pony Express on its way to Cushing. We weren't able to do any other conversion, upstream or other expansion related projects. But we do still have pipe in the ground in the west that we are looking at alternatives on and continue to look at alternatives there.
Operator: The next question comes from Ujjwal Pradhan with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Ujjwal Pradhan: Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. First one, I wanted to touch briefly on your LNG exports market outlook. I think some global forecasts out there seem to paint a picture of the U.S. led LNG supply growth overwhelming global demand growth over the next couple of years. How concerned are you about risks to your overall nat gas supply to LNG export facilities in the U.S.?
Steven Kean: We’re very happy with the LNG customers that we have, and I think the facilities that are coming out of the ground are coming online. And the way our contract structures work is we're getting paid for the capacity whether it's used or not. But they are using it. And so we're not - we're not exposed to and the way we structured everything, even on Elba, our contractual structure on Elba, is our contractual structure is such that we are not exposed to the vagaries of global commodity prices in natural gas. So I think we - obviously, we're interested in seeing additional LNG infrastructure get built and we'd like to be the ones to serve it. We're - depending on the day, 40% to 50% of the throughput that goes through to LNG exports. And that's been a nice growth story for us, and we'd like to see that continue to grow, but we're not exposed to, again, not exposed to the global LNG price because of the way our contracts are structured.
Ujjwal Pradhan: Got it. And maybe a quick follow-up on the M&A discussion earlier. If you were to able to do sizable asset sales this year, what would be the priority for the use of those proceeds?
Steven Kean: Again, we make those - we've gotten to a milestone, obviously, on the balance sheet as we pointed out. And the way we've looked at uses of cash is further debt reduction, share repurchases, dividends or projects. And we make those determinations based on what we expect the returns to be from them. And that mostly comes down to after you've secured your balance sheet, you've secured your dividend, and we're meeting as we - what we projected in 2017. Then you look at the trade-off between a share repurchase and a project, and you make adjustments for the different nature of those two assets or those two investments. And you do the best return opportunity - risk-adjusted return opportunity that you face. So the same order of operations we've talked about before.
Operator: And there are no other questions at this time.
Richard Kinder: Okay. Thank you very much for sharing part of your day with us. Have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference call. We appreciate your participation, and you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-16 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded, if you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. Now, I would like to turn the meeting over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. Thank you. You may begin.
Rich Kinder: Thank you, Britney. And before we begin, as usual, I'd like to remind you that today's earnings releases by KMI and KML and this call includes forward-looking and financial outlook statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, and applicable Canadian provincial and territorial securities laws, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosures on forward-looking and financial outlook statements and use of non-GAAP financial measure set forth at the end of KMI's and KML's earnings releases, and to review our latest filings with the SEC and Canadian provincial and territorial securities commissions, for a list of important material assumptions, expectations, and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking and financial outlook statements. In my opening statements on these calls before turning it over to Kim, Steve, Dax and the rest of the team, I always try to share with you our vision for the future and our financial strategy. On the financial front, I believe we continue to execute on our plans and our decision to sell our 70% interest in Kinder Morgan Canada and our 100% interest in the U.S. portion of the Cochin Pipeline is indicative of that execution. As you know, we are receiving a 13x multiple of EBITDA on our Cochin asset, which is well above the multiple which KMI is trading as a whole on the New York Stock Exchange. Now, we're able to use the proceeds from these sales, and Steve will talk more about this later, in a manner consistent with what we have previously indicated to maintain a strong balance sheet, expand our core assets, pay a healthy and growing dividend, and opportunistically buyback our stock, all these uses we believe benefit our shareholders. I should add that we received expression of interest in other assets at similar or higher multiples of EBITDA. And let me say, there is absolutely no certainty as to whether these expressions of interest will result in transactions. That said, we will evaluate such interest as a matter of good governance and capital discipline. All this just indicates a substantial difference between the valuation of individual assets and that of the company as a whole when expressed as a multiple of EBITDA. Turning to our vision for the future, on last quarter's call, I described our positive outlook on the future of natural gas, which is very important to us as we move about 40% of all the natural gas in America through our pipelines. And incidentally, that positive outlook was reinforced in the September report of the U.S. Energy Information Administration, which projects that natural gas consumption will increase by 40% between now and 2050, even in a case where renewable energy rises dramatically. Today though, I'd like to talk about the environmental impact of this growing natural gas utilization. First, the positive side of the story. The EPA has reported that from 2007 to 2017, total CO2 emissions in the U.S. have dropped about 14%. Even more impressive CO2 emissions from the electric power sector have dropped approximately 26% during the same period of time not without – notwithstanding an increase in the absolute amount of electricity generated. As most of you know, this is largely the result of new natural gas-fired power plants, replacing older and dirtier coal plants, since natural gas emits approximately half as much CO2 compared to coal when burned to power. This is a huge accomplishment and demonstrates that the answer to minimizing our impact on the environment isn't simply banning fossil fuels but utilizing them responsibly. The tremendous growth in natural gas production in America has also led to its shipment as LNG to developing countries around the world to be used in large part to replace coal-fired electricity generation with cleaner natural gas. These positive developments are pretty consistently accepted across the political landscape, but the naysayers on natural gas emphasize that its production and transportation emit too much methane into the atmosphere. There's some disagreement over the extent of these emissions, but it's clear that they are low and continue to drop, due primarily to industry-led initiatives. Let me share with you some numbers. U.S. methane emissions from natural gas systems declined more than 14% between 1990 and 2017, despite a 53% increase in natural gas production over the same period. U.S. methane emissions, as a whole, across all industry also decreased by 16% over that period. You might be interested to know, that methane emissions from enteric fermentation, you may want to Google that, but suffice it to say that it has to do with the digestive tract of farm animals and manure management, another key phrase, combined actually rose by 18% during that same time period. If you took those two categories out of the equation, total U.S. methane emissions were actually down 27% during that time frame. Now all that said, our industry still needs to continue to address this issue and we are. KMI is a founding member of ONE Future, a voluntary industry initiative committed to achieving a methane leakage rate of 1% or less along the entire natural gas supply chain by 2025. In fact, our members rate is now well below that 1% target. More specific to us, the group's target for emissions in the transportation and storage segment is 0.31%. KMI has already substantially outperformed that goal with emissions from that segment of 0.04% in 2017 improving to 0.02% in 2018. In summary, our view is that the methane emissions issue is solvable, will continue to improve and at the environmental positives of natural gas far outweigh the negatives. And now, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steve Kean: Okay. Thanks, Rich. I'm going to start with KMI, then turn it over to our President, Kim Dang, to give an update on our segment performance. Our CFO, David Michels will take you through the numbers; and Dax Sanders will update you on KML, and then we'll take your questions. So summary on KMI is this, we are adhering to the principles that we've laid out previously for you. We have a strong balance sheet having met our approximately 4.5 times debt-to-EBITDA target and with ratings upgrades now from all three ratings agencies. We are maintaining our capital discipline through our return criteria, a good track record of execution, and by self-funding our investments. We are returning value to shareholders as evidenced by the 25% year-over-year dividend increase, and we continue to find attractive growth and/or divestiture opportunities. Again, strong balance sheet, capital discipline, returning value to shareholders, and finding additional opportunities, those are the principles we operate by. During the quarter, we announced that KML had reached an agreement with Pembina Pipeline Corporation where Pembina would acquire all of the common equity of KML including KMI's 70% interest, and that KMI would sell the U.S. portion of the Cochin pipeline to Pembina for $1.546 billion. The closing of the transactions are cross conditioned and closing remains on track for a late Q4 this year or first quarter 2020. Consistent with the principles I just stated, KMI expects to use its proceeds to reduce debt to maintain our net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio of approximately 4.5 times and use remaining proceeds to invest in attractive projects and/or to opportunistically repurchase KMI shares. And we said -- as we said when we announced the transaction, initially the proceeds will be used to reduce net debt before being put to these investments for repurchases. Other milestones for the quarter. We placed the first unit of our Elba Island Liquefaction Facility in service on September 30. We were delayed here obviously and that has been a drag on our financial performance as you'll hear from Kim and David, but unit one is in service along with a balance of plant, meaning that we are now earning 70% of the project revenues. And when you count also the facilities that we own at the 100% level to KMI's share specifically, it's about 80% of the total project revenues, both the joint venture as well as the facilities that we own 100%. The remaining nine units are on the island and we are expected to place three more in service this year -- three more in service this year with the remaining six coming online next year in the first half of the year. We also placed Gulf Coast Express or GCX in service in September. This project was a few days early. It's full. We need another one. The market needs another one. And that brings me to our 2 BCF a day Permian Highway Pipeline Project. That project is progressing well. We have about 85% of the right-of-way acquired and currently expect that we're going to timely acquire the easements we need. We've also made good progress on the permitting front. However, we are still obtaining some of the regulatory authorizations that we need and that has progressed a little more slowly than what we put in our plan, what our plan -- project plan contemplated. That means in order to do efficient construction, we'll kick-off the construction a little bit later and that means that instead of a fourth quarter 2020 in service, we currently anticipate early 2021. Both of our Permian Gas Pipeline projects are fully subscribed under long-term contracts that generate attractive returns and both projects bring us additional opportunities in our downstream pipelines, as on a combined basis they bring 4 BCF a day incrementally to a system that moves about 5 BCF a day today. Those projects bring opportunities for downstream expansion. In fact two LNG facilities, Texas Gulf Coast power, industrial and petchem demand and in fact, our backlog includes about $325 million to expand and improve connectivity along our Texas Intrastate pipeline network in order to enable us to place the incremental volumes that will be hitting our system and are now hitting our system. We are currently -- we are still working with customers on a third 2 BCF a day pipeline called Permian Pass. This is a work in progress. It's not in the backlog at this point. And since we reported on this on the second quarter call, the commercial activity has slowed, but it continues. It slowed as a result of some producer retrenchment in their Permian activities. We believe the pipeline is needed, but it may not be needed quite as soon as we were expecting three months ago. With a total of three new 2 BCF a day projects coming online over the 2019 to 2021 period, both of ours as well as the third-party pipeline. The Permian Pass Pipeline may not be needed in 2022. In the meantime, we're continuing to work with customers and potential partners and believe the long-term dynamics of needed gas takeaway capacity out of the Permian Basin and our extensive pipeline network in Texas put us in a good position. These Permian projects demonstrate us taking advantage of a very positive situation for our business. There's large supply growth in Texas and large demand growth in Texas. We can bridge the two and connect to our Premier Texas Intrastate pipeline network on the Gulf Coast and stay entirely within the State of Texas, where we have more commercial flexibility. As we pointed out at the conference, 70% of natural gas demand growth between now and 2030 is projected to be in Louisiana and Texas, and our systems are well-positioned to benefit from that. As we said last quarter, we believe we have FERC's 501-G process largely behind us with the settlements we did on TGP and EPNG and several other of our systems. The outcomes were hard to predict, when we were putting our budget together for 2019, so we did not project them in the 2019 budget. However, as we said when we announced -- or when we came out in January, if we got these things done, it would be a positive to the long-term value of our networks as it would help us resolve rate risk. We feel even more strongly about it, or I feel even more strongly about that statement sitting here today. The last two Kinder Morgan pipelines with pending 501-G filings are on tomorrow's FERC meeting agenda, both of those systems are currently under rate moratoria, which the commission has been honoring. Again notwithstanding the headwind to 2019, we are delighted to have the 501-G risk largely behind us. Finally, on our backlog, the backlog fell quarter-to-quarter and now stands at $4.1 billion. That's primarily because we placed Elba Unit one and GCX two of our largest products in the backlog in service at the end of the quarter. We remain -- we will remain disciplined here. We seek returns that are well above our cost of capital in order to deploy capital. We believe based on our historical experience and on the size of our network and the market dynamics at play, particularly in natural gas that we'll continue to provide the opportunity to invest in $2 billion to $3 billion a year in attractive return expansion projects. But importantly, if we don't find that much in new opportunities, we are not going to force it. We have other opportunities to deliver value to our shareholders and we expect to maintain our discipline. We will maintain our discipline. With that, I'll turn it over to Kim.
Kim Dang: Okay. Thanks Steve. I sound like a broken record, but natural gas had another outstanding quarter, it was up 8% this quarter. Natural gas demand this year expected to increase by approximately 4 BCF a day over 2018. And so it's been the case all year, this growth is driving volume increases on our pipes. Transport volumes in our transmission pipes is how we refer to our large diameter pipes increased by approximately 4.15 BCF a day or 13%. This marks the seventh quarter in a row on which volume exceeded the comparable prior period by 10% or more. So, if you look on our system to see where these volumes showed up, EPNG volumes were up just under 1.2 Bcf a day, primarily due to increased Permian volumes and California storage refill. TGP volumes were up 700 a day due to expansion projects. Kinder Morgan Louisiana volumes were up approximately 680 million cubic feet a day due to LNG exports. So, overall, for Kinder Morgan, deliveries for LNG exports were approximately 2.5 Bcf a day. That's an increase of almost 2 Bcf over the third quarter of 2018. CIG volumes were up 585 million cubic feet a day due to increased DJ production and coal to gas switching. GCX started flowing volumes in August and went into service at the end of September, so averaged about 325 million cubic feet a day over the quarter. GCX is currently full flowing 2 Bcf a day. And then rig volumes were up approximately 250 million cubic feet a day due to increased DJ and Powder River Basin production. On the gathering assets, volumes were up 12% or 350 million cubic feet a day, primarily driven by higher volumes in the Haynesville and in the Eagle Ford. Overall, natural gas wellhead volumes out of the key basins we serve, continues to increase. Permian Natural Gas Wellhead volumes increased 22% in the third quarter versus the third quarter of 2018. Haynesville increased 22%, Bakken increased 20% and the Eagle Ford increased 30%. Our product segment was also up nicely in the quarter. Here we saw increased on our -- nice increases in our refined products business, primarily on SFPP due to higher average tariff and lower expenses. Refined product volumes were up just under 1% across our pipes versus the EIA numbers which were down approximately 1.3%. Our crude and condensate business was essentially flat. Contributions from our Bakken asset were offset by reduced contributions from KMCC. As has been the case all year, increased volumes on KMCC were more than offset by lower rate. Overall, crude and condensate volumes were up about 4% in the quarter. Terminals business was down about 1% in the quarter. The liquids business accounts for about 80% of that segment. And it had nice increases coming from expansion projects. The largest was from our baseline terminal expansion project in Edmonton. However, these increases were more than offset by the increased lease expense at our Edmonton South terminal, which became a third-party obligation post the Trans Mountain sale and a variety of smaller items. We added about 400,000 barrels of tankage versus the third quarter of 2018. Our baseline project in Canada was the largest addition. Total leasable capacity is now over 89 million barrels. I'd also point out that we have taken Staten Island out of service and removed those barrels from all periods in our volume highlights. Gasoline and distillate volumes, which don't have a material impact on our business given our contract structure, but do give some insight into the underlying fundamentals of our business. We're up nicely in Houston and the New York Harbor. Our bulk business was up modestly and bulk volumes were down approximately 6% due to lower coal and pet coke volumes. Finally, our CO2 segment was down in the quarter, primarily due to lower commodity prices, but also due to lower crude and NGL volumes and higher power prices. Our net realized crude oil price was down $8.50 per barrel approximately. NGL prices were down approximately $15 per barrel. Net crude oil production was down approximately 7%, primarily due to lower production across all of our fields. However, at Yates, timing on the sales of the crude produced during the period is skewing the numbers. And at SACROC we did had some field wide maintenance, which impacted performance. We adjusted for these items. Production was down approximately 4.5%. We expect free cash flow from the segment that's DCF plus expansion CapEx to be approximately $350 million for 2019, which is approximately $30 million better than our budget. This improvement versus budget is due to lower capital expenditures primarily because we elected not to proceed with Phase 3 at Tall Cotton as it did not meet our return requirements. With that, I'll turn it over to Dave Michels
David Michels: All right. Thanks, Kim. Today we're declaring a dividend of $0.25 per share, the same as last quarter and in line with our budget to declare $1 per share for the full year of 2019, which is a 25% increase over the $0.80 per share that we declare for 2018. KMI's adjusted earnings per share and DCF per share both grew from last year's third quarter. We generated DCF per share of $0.50, which is two times or approximately $570 million in excess of the declared dividend. In addition to the quarterly performance, our press release provides an update to our 2019 outlook. We are now expecting to end the year with adjusted EBITDA of about 3% below our budget and DCF slightly below our budget. Two discrete items that contributed to the variance were; one, the delay we experienced in placing our Elba Island facility in service; and the 501-G settlements. The Elba delay while disappointing is largely behind us now. Now that we're recognizing majority of the revenues for that project just as Steve mentioned. And the 501-G resolution, while it wasn't in our budget was a positive outcome for Kinder Morgan. So, moving on to our quarterly results. As you can see, we are using our updated format for earnings, so we hope you find this to be an improved presentation of our financials. I'll start with our GAAP performance then I'll move on to our non-GAAP performance. Revenues were down 9% from the third quarter of 2018, but the decline in cost of sales more than offset that lower revenue amount, meaning gross margin actually improved from the prior period. Some of that gross margin benefit came from non-cash losses that we experienced in the third quarter of 2018, which we treat as certain items and exclude from our non-GAAP metrics. Excluding certain items, gross margin was in line period-over-period. Net income available to common stockholders was down $187 million or 27% due largely to a gain on the sale of our Trans Mountain Pipeline, which we took during the third quarter of 2018 and is also treated as a certain item. In our materials, we call net income available to common shareholders adjusted for certain items, adjusted earnings. Our adjusted earnings were up $39 million or 8% compared to the third quarter of 2018 and adjusted earnings per share was $0.22 for the quarter, up $0.01 or 5% from the prior period. And that includes the additional shares that resulted from the conversion of our preferred equity securities to common shares in October of last year. Moving on to our DCF performance. Natural gas was up $85 million or 8% for the quarter. We saw greater performance versus last year across multiple assets. Excess interest rates benefited from the GCX commissioning and in-service, EPNG was up, driven by Permian supply growth, which more than offset the unfavorable impact that it experience from the 501-G rate case impacts. TGP had increased contributions from multiple expansion projects placed in-service. Cochin had increased contributions from higher volume and rate. Kinder Morgan, Louisiana pipeline was up due to the Sabine Pass expansion. For our products terminals and CO2 segments, Kim touched on the main drivers behind our financial performance there. Kinder Morgan Canada was down $32 million, as a result of the sale of Trans Mountain Pipeline last year. G&A expense was higher by $14 million, due to higher non-cash pension expenses, as well as lower overhead capitalized to our projects. And those are partially offset in G&A by lower G&A resulting from our Trans Mountain sale. So that explains the main changes and adjusted EBITDA, which was $23 million, or 1% below Q3 2018. Moving below EBITDA, interest expense was $21 million lower, driven by our lower debt balance. Sustaining capital was $21 million lower versus Q3 2018, mainly due to the timing of pipeline integrity work. We budgeted to spend more in sustaining capital for the year, this year full year versus last year. And we're still forecasted to do that, though we are trending to come in favorable to our budget for the full year. Preferred stock dividends were down $39 million as a result of the conversion of our mandatory convertible securities last year. Other items, our unfavorable $22 million driven by a larger cash contribution to our pension plan this year versus last, so total DCF of $1.140 billion, is up $47 million or 4%. To summarize the main drivers, greater contributions from our natural gas and product segments, lower preferred stock dividends, lower interest expense in sustaining capital, partially offset by lower contributions from our CO2 segment, driven by lower commodity prices, the sale of Trans Mountain Pipeline and a higher cash pension contribution. DCF per share of $0.50 was up $0.01 or 2% from last year. The same drivers as DCF, but that includes the impact from the incremental shares issued as a result of our preferred stock version. For the full year versus our budget, EBITDA as I mentioned is expected to be 3% below and the back the drivers of that variance include lower oil and NGL prices as well as lower volumes impacting our CO2 segment, the Elba delay in the 501-G settlements, partially offset by greater contributions from EPNG, resulting from strong Permian supply growth. Full year DCF is expected to be slightly below budget, due to the same items impacting EBITDA as well as the benefit of favorable interest expense and an add back of non-cash pension expenses. Moving on to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter at 4.7 times debt-to-EBITDA, slightly higher than the 4.5 times at the beginning of the year 2019 and we forecast to end the year with leverage a 4.6 times, which is the same year-end level we announced last quarter. Adjusted net debt ended the quarter at $35.2 billion, up about $380 million from last quarter, and an increase of $1.073 billion from year-end 2018. To reconcile the change in the quarter, we generated DCF of $1.14 billion. We spent about $700 million on growth capital and contributions to our joint ventures. We paid out $570 million of dividends and we had a working capital use of approximately $250 million, mainly interest expense payments in the quarter, so that gets you to close to the $380 million increase in debt for the quarter. For the full year, we generated DCF of $3.639 billion. We spent $2.2 billion on growth capital and joint venture contributions. We paid out dividends of $1.59 billion. We paid taxes on the Trans Mountain sale of $340 million and we had a working capital use of about $550 million largely interest payments also being the largest use. And that gets you to the main pieces of the $1.073 billion increase in adjusted net debt for the year. I'll now turn it back to Steve.
Steve Kean: Okay. And we're going to update you on KML, progress on the transaction, as well as the financial results stats.
Rich Kinder: Thanks, Steve. Before a few brief comments on the numbers, I'll update you on where we stand on the pending sale of KML to Pembina. Consistent with previous comments, we still expect the deal will close either late in the current quarter or in the first quarter of next year. At this point, we have received early termination of the U.S. Hart-Scott-Rodino review period, which is a condition to close. The remaining conditions to close include KML shareholder and related court approvals and other regulatory approvals including approval by the Canadian Competition Bureau, which we expect will be the longest lead item. With respect to shareholder approval, the common and preferred shareholder meetings are scheduled for December 10th. As a reminder, while there will be a vote of the preferred shareholders on a proposal to exchange KML preferred, for Pembina preferred as part of the transaction, closing of the transaction itself is not dependent upon that vote or any approval of the preferred shareholders. With respect to approval by the Canadian Competition Bureau, we are proactively engaged with Pembina and the Competition Bureau to respond to requests for information in order to facilitate the bureau's review. Now moving toward the results. Today, the KML Board declared a dividend for the third quarter of 0.1625 per restricted voting share or $0.65 annualized, which is consistent with previous guidance. Earnings per restricted voting share from continuing operations for the third quarter are $0.08 and that is derived from approximately $16.6 million of income from continuing operations, which is the same as net income. Income from continuing operations is down approximately $5.6 million versus the same quarter in 2018. Looking at the largest drivers of that variance, revenue increased across most of KML's assets and was led by the contribution from the Base Line Tank and Terminal assets, being fully online and an increase in Cochin -- from Cochin due to the indexing of rates and the timing of incremental volumes in 2019. However, the increase in revenue was more than offset by higher G&A, mostly associated with the cost of selling KML and lower interest income due to the non-recurrence of income on the Trans Mountain sale proceeds received in 2018. There were several other smaller moving pieces including slightly higher O&M and DD&A and lower income tax expense. Total DCF from continuing operations for the quarter is $47.8 million, which is up approximately $8.8 million from the comparable period in 2018. Beyond the items, I've already mentioned, cash taxes were favorable by $9.8 million. That $9.8 million is driven by a refund received in the third quarter of 14.7, representing the overpayment of cash taxes for 2018 netted against $5 million of installments made for 2019. Looking forward, as we said in the release, we expect our results for the year to be consistent with our budget of approximately $213 million in EBITDA and approximately $109 million in DCF. Finally, as we said in our release, due to the transaction and the lead up to it following the announcement of our normal course issuer bid buyback, we will not utilize any of that program at this point. And with that, I'll turn it back to Steve.
Steve Kean: Okay. We're ready to answer questions on both entities. And as we've been doing here recently, we're going to ask that you limit your questions per person to one question with a follow-up. But if you’ve got additional unanswered questions, get back in the queue and we will get back to you. All right, Brittany, if you'd open it up.
Operator: We will now begin our question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Colton Bean from Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Company. Your line is now open.
Steve Kean: Good afternoon.
Colton Bean: Good afternoon. So, just given the backlog that you all have in place today, is there a scenario where operating cash flow is sufficient to fund both the dividend and the capital program in 2020? I guess, as a follow on, when would you expect to make decisions regarding proceeds from Cochin and PBL shares?
Steve Kean: Okay. So, we haven't started our 2020 budget process yet. We were taking that up here right quick, but we -- so we won't know the final answer to that question. I mean this year with the dividend at the level that it was, we had what we call a self-funding gap of what's projected to be about $100 million, which means we've almost entirely funded our capital program and our JV contributions of around $2.7 billion, $2.8 billion and the dividend out of the cash that we generate. Obviously, with dividend going up next year, that could be a little tighter. But until we know exactly what we’ve got in the capital plan for next year, we don't have a specific answer. I think it's safe to say we will be largely self-funding our CapEx along with paying the increased dividend next year. On the timing, so we'll have the Cochin -- well, when the Cochin proceeds come in, we should -- one of us should probably mention, as we said when we announced the transaction, the Cochin proceeds by themselves would take our projected net debt-to-EBITDA to 4.4 times versus the 4.6 times that we talked about earlier. We'd expect that -- again as I've said, we would hold that on the balance sheet if you will and wait for the right opportunity. And when it comes to the right opportunity, we'll be looking at capital projects that we have very attractive turns -- returns at well above our cost of capital or at share repurchases. The share repurchases we will do opportunistically and not programmatically. And so, we're not talking about specific prices at which we would transact or anything like that, but we'll have the proceeds available. When it comes to the Pembina shares in particular, of course, we would expect to convert those to cash at some point. We represent -- the proceeds represent less than 5% of Pembina's trading outstanding stock. So, we think that we can convert those shares into cash in a very non-disruptive way, and we don't have to be in a hurry to do so. And then we'll deploy the capital in share repurchases as I said opportunistically.
Colton Bean: Got it, that's helpful. And then just a quick follow-on. And so, understanding that there were impacts from field maintenance in the quarter for the EOR business, should we expect any impact at base decline rates from the reductions in the capital program?
Steve Kean: I think that at current -- we believe that at current prices, if you think about the smaller fields, Goldsmith, Katz, and Tall Cotton, we would probably -- we're going to be managing those for free cash flow not expecting to invest considerable capital in them. That can change if oil prices change. But for right now that would be our plan on those, and we will focus our attention on SACROC and Yates. And that's where most of the oil is anyway, having most of the production in any case. And so, I would expect to see declines in the smaller fields and then we'll see what projects are available to us at the return thresholds that we've set in the two larger fields.
Operator: And our next question comes from Shneur Gershuni from UBS. Your line is now open.
Shneur Gershuni: Hi, good afternoon, everyone.
Steve Kean: Good afternoon.
Shneur Gershuni: Steve, you had previously guided to 2.3 -- $2 billion to $3 billion worth of CapEx as kind of -- the run rate number that you've sort of been talking about. And I realize you're not through your capital program at this point or the valuation of your capital program for 2020 at this point. But I was wondering if you can talk about what drivers would bring you to the lower end versus the upper end as you contemplate the backlog? You mentioned discipline earlier. Does the slowing of commercial discussions around the third Permian pipeline potentially bring CapEx to the lower end? I'm just wondering if you can give us sort of a little bit of color of what -- how both things will move around between the upper and the lower bound of your CapEx than you've previously given?
Steve Kean: Yeah and the short answer to your question on the Permian Pass is that yeah that would bring it toward the lower end until it ultimately gets sanctioned. So, if you think about where these projects are likely to come from, clearly we've got some in terminals and refined products, but the lion's share of the project opportunities as we look down the road are the things that aren't in the backlog right now are in the natural gas sector. And they relate to additional Permian takeaway capacity as well as feeding LNG facilities in the second wave of LNG. And as I said, mostly concentrated on -- in Texas and Louisiana and so it's the timing of those project sanctions or sanctioning FIDs that will drive our capital -- our backlog and our capital budgets in the years ahead.
Shneur Gershuni: Great. And then a quick clarification, you just mentioned that on a pro forma basis, this is already Colton’s question before -- on a pro forma basis for the KML-Cochin sale that you would technically end the year at 4.4 times versus 4.6 times, did that not include the sale of the Pembina shares? Is that just on the cash that's coming in and the 4.4 times would in theory be lower if you sold those shares as well too?
Steve Kean: Yeah. That's just on the Cochin cash proceeds, and it does assume an end of the year close, which is not a certainty. As we've said, we maybe able to close as soon as the end of this quarter or early 2020, but if you make that assumption of a close in this year and the use of -- and the receipt of the $1.546 billion of U.S. Cochin proceeds alone that's where you get that number.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good afternoon. Just wanted to pick up on the CO2 side, that was a bit low, our estimates there. I was just wondering how much CapEx does it take to keep the production flat there or the 4.5% decline rate should we expect that to continue? Any thoughts you can provide there?
Steve Kean: Yeah. So, we don't invest in our CO2 business based on what investment level would be required to keep production flat or to grow production in aggregate. The way we invest the capital is, if the capital that we're investing and the oil that we expect to free up and sell as a result of it, if that produces a return, that clears our return criteria, then we invest. And so, we've had times when SACROC's been up year-over-year. We've had times certainly when it's been down. But we continue to find things to do at SACROC. It's just that we don't invest specifically to maintain production. As I said earlier, I mean, I think you can expect that without capital investment in the smaller fields, you would tend to see a decline there. And as I said, we're going to maintain capital discipline there and we will continue to look for the opportunities to make sense at SACROC and Yates.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. And then, going over to the M&A opportunities you're seeing, it seems like there was indications of interest in some of your assets at the north of 13 times. So I was just wondering, if you could provide any more color there. Is this kind of in the FERC-regulated assets like citrus? Is this on GMP? Or kind of what's more of the thought process there? If you can monetized that something better than what you trade at, is there anything holding you back from doing that?
Rich Kinder: Well, Jeremy, we're not government on specific expression of interest that we've had. I made that point simply to again drive home as I think the Cochin transaction does also, that there's interest in individual assets at multiple of EBITDA well above where KMI as a whole is trading.
Operator: And our next question comes from Spiro Dounis from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Spiro Dounis: Hey, good afternoon. Maybe just following up on the M&A question. I won't ask you to may be point out specific assets. But just maybe help us think about, where the interest is coming from. Obviously, we've seen interest from private equity in the space, but now also, some strategic deals are getting done. So just curious, as you think about the -- who the potential buyers could be? Can you describe them? And is there any room or interest for you to may be sale a portion of an asset, while retaining some of the operational control of it?
Rich Kinder: We would certainly entertain selling a portion of an asset and maintaining operational control. That's a good fit with what I believe Steve and the team are doing to continue to position KMI as really good operators in every respect from safety to efficiency. And so, that's certainly something we entertain. We're not going to comment further on where the interest is from. But I think all of you know that there is a lot of money out there looking for a home in the midstream area of the energy section.
Spiro Dounis: Yes, understood. And then just on Permian Pass, I appreciate the color around the customer side. Just curious, if you're seeing JV partner start to show up or express any levels of interest early on. And just a quick tag along on Permian Highway and sorry if I missed it, but is there any incremental cost associated with the delay? And is that going to be spread across the partners equally?
Steve Kean: Yes. Taking the last one first. Yes, moderately, I would say. And, yes, it's borne by the project and all of its investors. On Permian Pass, there's definitely interest from people, shippers as well as partners or prospective partners. What I was trying to get across there is that, particularly there's no secret, as you saw, how people came out and laid out there capital plans in the producing sector, following -- as part of second quarter earnings. The growth is still there. It's maybe not growing on the same slope. And so, that naturally implies, I think, still a need, both, still need for the pipeline project, but perhaps a later in-service date and a later FID.
Operator: And our next question comes from Keith Stanley from Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Keith Stanley: Hi. Good afternoon. Curious, just updated views on acquisitions as part of the growth strategy, just you’re going to have a lot more financial flexibility next year, equity currencies maybe a little better on relative terms. Just updated thoughts there?
Steve Kean: It's really no update, in the sense that we are always looking to see what makes sense. What makes sense particularly in our sector and -- but those things are very hard to project, very hard to predict and call your shots on, but we continue to leave the offense on the field.
Keith Stanley: Okay. And so I just have one follow-up on the asset sale side as well. How would you assess asset sales from here? It's a little different this time around with leverage already at your target, maybe not a clear use of sales proceeds besides buybacks. So just how would you assess asset sales given where you are financially now?
Steve Kean: I mean, I think you look at, we would look at it the same way we'd look at any other sales proceeds. The first use of those proceeds would be to make sure that we have maintained leverage target that we've achieved. And so that's first. And then from there, it's again probably initially sits on the balance sheet and then opportunistically share repurchases or to fund our capital program. It's the same kind of order of operations that we’ve talked about on KML proceeds and other proceeds.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tristan Richardson from SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Tristan Richardson: Good afternoon. Appreciate all your comments on the stringent project approval criteria and returning cash to shareholders. When you look at 2020 marking the end of your multi-year outlook period, do you guys plan on outlining a multi-year plan similar -- in a similar way or do you think about this kind of on an annual basis now?
Steve Kean: I think, well, first of all, like if you're asking specifically about the dividend, that's a Board decision and we will be evaluating that. As we've said before, I think the right long-term assumption is to assume a dividend that grows in line, more in line with the growth in the underlying business, but I wouldn't expect a multi-year program.
Rich Kinder: Now I think we've been very clear when we gave the three-year plan and we've achieved all those objectives as we promised. And after we pay out the $1.25 next year, during the year the Board will look at what the opportunities are for the future. But I think Steve is absolutely right. We're looking at this year-to-year and not set out a multi-year plan.
Steve Kean: But the principles will be multi-year, which is a strong balance sheet, investment in attractive returning projects and returning value to shareholders through share repurchases or dividends. Those principles will – and having a well covered dividend, those principles will occur.
Rich Kinder: Exactly right.
Tristan Richardson: Very helpful. Thank you. And then just one quick follow-up on PHP, talked about being most of the way there on regulatory and right-of-way permitting, et cetera. The sort of the largest pinch points over the areas of the regulatory process that brought the delays, do you see those as sort of in the rearview mirror now in this last stretch such that they gave you that comfort to talk about the early 2021 date?
Steve Kean: Yeah. So, good point. We've made a lot of progress lately in getting permits as well as getting our right-of-way done and where we’ve had to proceed to eminent domain, it’s something we avoid using. But as well as the second quarter court decision that we got that cleared the way for the project to proceed in large part. We still have some more work to do. We don't see anything in that work that we have to do on the permitting front that is in anyway insurmountable. In fact, we think we've already done that work. It needs to be processed now and ruled upon. But we made our plans assuming that, that process would conclude and this was our projection, not an agency's production. But we assumed things would conclude earlier, and it's taking a little longer. But I think being thoroughly reviewed thoroughly done.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Ujjwal Pradhan from Bank of America Securities. Your line is now open.
Ujjwal Pradhan: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. First one on me, just in terms of thinking about your credit rating and the leverage target, given that you have a clear line of sight here into the actual proceeds and growing free cash flow, do you see any potential to lower your leverage target and maybe aim for a high BBB rating and maybe have a higher age accretion? And how your conversations have been with rating agencies in this regard? And then I have a follow-up.
Steve Kean: Okay. Well, I'll start and then ask David or Anthony to fill – or Kim to fill in. But I think we feel good being a BBB class and getting the upgrade from BBB minus. We do evaluate whether it makes sense to improve on that target and that evaluation has so far shown that we really get very, very little cost of capital benefit and in fact, the extra deleveraging that we would do, would forestall opportunities to create shareholder value to an extent that we don't think is warranted. But David?
David Michels: Well, I'll just add that in terms of our – I wouldn't add anything more to that part of your answer to what Steve just said -- provided. But I would say, in terms of recent rating agency conversations that we've had. We just got upgraded by all three just within the last year. They went to a thorough analysis on upgrading us. It's very difficult to get upgraded. So they take a very cautious approach. So I think we're in real good standing with them – with our current leverage target and our current leverage.
Ujjwal Pradhan: Got you. And Rich in your introductory comments, you talked about the environmental positives of your business especially on the natural gas side. But one area, I think was missing was your CO2 business and their related EOR although a smaller scale versus your other business. Given that you are trapping carbon dioxide underground in the process, do you think your operation qualify for ESG eligibility and any governmental incentives? And we have seen one of your competitors in the business talk about it at length, so just wanted to get some of your thoughts there?
Rich Kinder: So, you're right. We capture CO2 and we put it in the ground and it stays there. And we get valuable oil out as a consequence of that. That has been primarily geologically sourced CO2 really exclusively geologically sourced CO2. There are opportunities to potentially capture man-made CO2 and there are some tax credits to help support that activity. So far in any sizable way, we have not found it to be economic and have not found the sources of available CO2 from say, large ethanol plants, for example, to be of sufficient -- to be numerous and often of a high enough quantity for us to take full advantage -- to take advantage of that opportunity. But if you think about the long term and you think that at some point, CO2 sequestration capacity is going to be valuable, because of the carbon tax or something else, certainly, it's something that we know how to do.
Operator: And our next question comes from Christine Cho from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Christine Cho: Good evening, everyone. So I wanted to start on, I guess, follow-up on the capital allocation. When we think about what you could potentially do in stock buybacks, should we assume that leverage stays at your targeted 4.5 times? So, like for next year, that it looks like may be your CapEx shakes out light and your net debt falls below that, that we should think that you would likely buyback stock? And what are the puts and takes to why you would maybe want to take leverage lower or higher than that? Do you think higher with potential M&A opportunities?
Steve Kean : We don't anticipate increasing leverage in order to repurchase shares when that's -- when it’s above our target, okay? So, we expect to maintain our target as we use our share repurchase program. And as I said before, we -- the share repurchases would come opportunistically. And as I've said on that KML proceeds, we’d likely initially let those be on the balance sheet and then we'll look for the right opportunities to use it. But we're not telegraphing specific metrics or pricing that we're looking for.
Christine Cho: Okay. And would you potentially take your leverage higher if you saw a good M&A opportunity and the rating agencies were okay with it? 
Steve Kean : If the rating agencies were okay with it, yes, that's an if, but I think it's the way -- and this is purely theoretical, okay?
Christine Cho: Right
Steve Kean : But the way that would work is, if you saw yourself having a very clear path back to these metrics and a rapid one and one that you could confidently execute on. And I think it would only be in those circumstances.
Rich Kinder: But let me just say that, obviously, it took us a good amount of time and a lot of work to get where we are now. And we would certainly -- that's a fundamental part of our philosophy is to maintain a strong balance sheet. And we can speculate all you want about what might happen in M&A, but let me just say that the Board is very committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet and that will certainly be a really big factor in any decision we make. And to amplify what Steve said, again, as we've said so many times over the last three years, there are four things we can do with the money and all of them benefit our shareholders. I think, we've shown by increasing the dividend, we're returning real value to the shareholders. If you take $1.25 dividend on the stock price, it's turning the bar 20, its equivalent return if you look one year out. We have the ability to, as Steve said, substantially fund our own capital projects. We have the ability to maintain a strong balance sheet and we have the ability, at some point, opportunistically, to buy back shares. So, I can assure you that the Board is going to make decisions that are in the best interest of shareholders here. We have a large amount of insider ownership on the Board. So, we're certainly going to look out for what's best for our shareholders.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Thank you very much. Have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. All participants may disconnect at this time.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-17 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the end of today's presentation we will conduct the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded, if you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. Sir, you may begin.
Rich Kinder: Thank you, Brendon. Before we begin, as usual, I'd like to remind you that today's earnings releases by KMI and KML and this call includes forward-looking and financial outlook statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, and applicable Canadian provincial and territorial securities laws, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosures on forward-looking and financial outlook statements and use of non-GAAP financial measure set forth at the end of KMI's and KML's earnings releases, and to review our latest filings with the SEC and Canadian provincial and territorial securities commissions, for a list of important material assumptions, expectations, and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking and financial outlook statements. Before turning the call over to Steve and the management team, I usually begin these quarterly earnings calls with a few words about our financial strategy at Kinder Morgan. I hope by now we've made it very clear that we are managing our assets and the substantial cash flow they generate in a financially responsible way that maximizes returns to our shareholders.  That said, it's important to understand and appreciate what underpins that cash flow, and whether that business will continue to generate strong and growing returns with the opportunity to expand our asset base. As you know, majority of our segment earnings before DD&A comes from our natural gas segment, and through our 70,000 plus miles of natural gas pipelines, we handle about 40% of all the gas consumed in this country. In addition, the bulk of our current and projected capital expansion dollars are also devoted to the natural gas segment. We are very bullish on the future of natural gas from both a supply and demand perspective. Natural gas is critical to our American economy to satisfy the growing energy needs around the world, and very importantly, to reducing our greenhouse gas emissions in a cost-effective manner. Our optimism is borne out by actual results over the last few years and by the consensus estimate of those firms and governmental agencies which follow the energy field most closely. Sometimes we lose sight of the actual facts involved, so looking first through the rearview mirror U.S. demand in 2018 was up 12% from 2017 and 44% above the demand of a decade earlier. 2019 is shaping up to be another strong year. Looking forward, as we previously said U.S. demand is projected to grow by over 30% between now and 2030 that demand growth is being driven by L&G, power and industrial demand and by exports to Mexico. Turning to the supply side, the U.S. is projected by 2025 to be producing one quarter of all the natural gas in the world, and accounting for over 50% of the growth in supply -- in global supply by that year. Now look I’m aware of Mark Twain saying that making predictions is very difficult, particularly when they concern the future. But I believe that under almost any scenario natural gas is a winner for years to come. Connecting these vast supplies -- these vast U.S. supplies to growing demand markets will drive new infrastructure and higher utilization of existing assets. KMI is very well positioned to take advantage of these opportunities, especially in Texas and Louisiana where our extensive network of pipelines is very well situated to serve the rapidly growing LNG export and petrochemical facilities. That's a big reason why we feel good about the long-term future of this company. With that, I'll turn it over to Steve. 
Steve Kean: All right thanks, Rich. We will be updating you on both KMI and KML this after afternoon I am going to start with KMI and turn it over to our president Kim Dang, to give you the update on our segment performance, our CFO David Michels will take you through the numbers, Dax Sanders will update you on KML number, and then we’ll take your questions. The summary on KMI is this we’ve been adhering and continue to adhere to the principles that we've laid out for you. We have a strong balance sheet having met our approximately 4.5 times debt to EBITDA target and with rating upgrades now from all three ratings agencies. We're maintaining our capital discipline through our return criteria, a good track record of execution and by self-funding our investments. We're returning value to shareholders with the 25% year-over-year dividend increase and we continue to find attractive growth opportunities. We have a strong balance sheet, capital discipline returning value to our shareholders and finding additional growth opportunities those are the principles we operate by. Our performances this year so far has been solid and we project it to be solid. We’ve had headwinds on commodity prices in our CO2 segment and we’ve had a delay in the in service of our Elba LNG facility. Also as we said at the beginning of the year, we did not budget for rate case settlements resulting from the 501-G process, but we are pleased with the settlements we were able to obtain. Now we had tailwinds in terms of lower interest rates, and good performance in our west, north and midstream gas groups helping to offset these negatives. Putting it all together, as we said last quarter, we expect to be slightly under plan on an EBITDA basis, but on plan from a DCS standpoint. So here are some updates on a few key projects starting with our Permian Natural Gas Pipeline projects. Our customers are anxious to have us get their gas out of the Permian so they can get their oil and NGLs out as well. We got two projects to get the gas out Gulf Coast Express and Permian Highway and we are in discussions on a possible third pipeline, which were calling Permian Pass.  GCX and Permian Highway are each about 2 BCF a day of capacity, both are secured by long-term contracts and both are in the execution stage. GCX is expected to be in service slightly ahead of schedule. The original schedule was October 1 of this year, we now expect to be at the full 2 BCF a day the in service level in the last week to 10 days of September. The pipe is in the ground, there is still commissioning work going on on the compressor and meter stations, but our expectation is for a slightly early in service date. Permian Highway is receiving pipe and acquiring right of way, we hired our pipeline and construction firms and we are on schedule for a completion in October 2020. We had a significant court decision last month, which essentially affirms the existing eminent domain process that has been used in use for four decades in the state of Texas. Felt confident in our legal position, but is nevertheless a good thing to have prevailed in the case. So both of our current projects are on schedule, both projects are at attractive returns, and both projects bring us additional opportunities in our downstream pipelines. Combined, they bring 4 BCF a day of incremental gas to a system that moves about 5 BCF a day today. Those projects bring opportunities for downstream expansion and optimization as we find homes for all that incremental gas through our connectivity with LNG facilities, Texas Gulf Coast power, industrial and petchem demand. We are working with customers on a third 2 BCF a day pipeline the Permian Pass pipeline. This is a work in progress. It's not in the backlog at this point, certainly, but it is moving along. These Permian projects show us taking advantage of a very positive situation. There's large supply growth in Texas, and large demand growth in Texas, we can bridge the two and connect to our premier Texas Intrastate Pipeline Network and stay entirely within the state of Texas, where we have more commercial flexibility. As we pointed out at the conference this year 70% of natural demand -- natural gas demand growth between now and 2030 is expected to be in Louisiana and Texas, and our systems are well positioned to benefit from that. On another key project Elba, our Elba liquefaction facility, we are closing in on in service. We are now mechanically complete on 4 of the 10 MMLS units. The cold box on the first unit is now uniformly cold at cryogenic temperatures and we are ramping up the volume. We are producing LNG unevenness in the temperatures between the bottom and the top of the cold box had been plaguing our startup over the last several weeks. We are now past that and ramping up to full service. We expect to be in service on unit one soon and that unit represents 70% of project revenue. I'd like to be more definitive about the exact in-service date. But it is a function of whether we have to suspend the production of LNG for additional troubleshooting. The delay we've experienced is certainly unwelcome, but the risk allocation between us and our contractor and our customer provides significant protection and mitigates the impact to our internal rate of return. The impact of the delay is expected to be approximately 100 basis points unlevered after tax on a still attractive return. We'll make a separate announcement when we have the first unit in service. Also of note we added $400 million worth of projects to the backlog this quarter, partially offsetting $800 million worth of projects that are placed into service or removed from the backlog. Most of what we removed from the backlog was in CO2 segment, we remain - our team in CO2 remains very disciplined here and we reduced capital spend when we find the economics do not justify the expenditure. The backlog now stands at $5.7 billion. And most of the new capital investment is in natural gas, which now makes up nearly 80% of our total backlog. And with that, I'll turn it over to Kim. 
Kim Dang : Hey, thanks Steve. Natural gas had another outstanding quarter, it was up 7% and the underlying market fundamentals remain very strong. Between 2018 and 2019 natural gas demand is expected to increase by over 5 BCF a day. Almost 60% of KMI segment earnings before DD&A come from our natural gas business and of the natural gas consumed in the U.S. we move about 40% on our pipeline. So the fundamentals underlying our largest business are very strong. Transport volumes on our transmission pipes increased approximately 3.1 BCF a day second quarter versus the second quarter of 2018 are about 10%. This is the sixth quarter in a row in which volumes exceeded the comparable period by 10% or more. If you look at where these volume showed up in our transmission pipe PNG volumes were up 760 million cubic feet a day due to increased Permian volumes and increased California demand. KMLA volumes were up 670 million cubic feet a day due to LNG exports. And overall for Kinder Morgan's deliveries to LNG export plants increased approximately 1.4 BCF a day. CIG volumes were approximately 500 million a day due to increased DJ Basin production and colder weather. Ruby volumes were up 370 million cubic feet a day due to colder West Coast weather and outages in the Pacific Northwest. And rig volumes were up 370 a day due to increased DJ production. On gathering assets, volumes were up approximately 16% or 450 million cubic feet a day and that was primarily due to higher volumes on our Haynesville and our Eagle Ford gathering system.  Overall natural gas wellhead volumes out of the key basins that we serve continue to increase. Permian Natural Gas wellhead volumes increased approximately 30% versus the second quarter of 2018, Haynesville increased approximately 27%, Bakken increased approximately 27%, and Eagle Ford increased approximately 5%.  Overall, the higher utilization on our systems a lot of which came without the need to spend significant capital resulted in nice bottom line growth for the segment in the quarter and longer term will drive expansion opportunities as the market continues to grow in our [indiscernible] capacity.  Our product segment was down in the quarter slightly. Here increased contributions from our Southeast Refined Products Terminal, our Central Florida Pipeline, our Double Eagle Pipeline, and our Condensate splitter were more than offset by the lower contribution from KMCC and SFPP. Volumes on KMCC were actually up 12%, but that was more than offset by lower rates. SFPP was impacted by higher operating expenses.  Overall crude and condensate volumes were up 2%, refined product volumes were flat in the quarter and EIA refined products volume the estimate is that they were down approximately 0.9% is a little bit better than the national average. Terminals business was down in the quarter. The liquids business which accounts for about 80% of the segment had nice increases from expansion projects, the largest of which was our baseline thermal expansion projects in Edmonton. We also saw higher throughput and ancillary charges in our Houston ship channel facility. However, these increases were more than offset by the lease expense in our Edmonton South Terminal which became a third party obligation posts our Trans Mountain sale and impact from historically high water levels on the Mississippi River that resulted in reduced volumes and contributed to off-hire time on our Jones Act tankers. We added approximately 1.2 million barrels of tankage in the quarter versus the second quarter of 2018. Now it's primarily results with a baseline project and that brings our total leasable capacity to around 89 million barrels. The bulk business was also down in the quarter due to lower volume. Bulk volumes were down approximately 11% due to lower coal, pet coke and steel. Our CO2 segment was down in the quarter and that was primarily due to lower crude and NGL prices. Our net realized crude oil price was down about $8 a barrel for the quarter and that's largely driven by our mid/cush basis hedges. NGL prices were down approximately $9 per barrel. On the crude oil production side, volumes were down approximately 2%, primarily due to lower production at Katz and Goldsmith. While cotton production increased 8% versus the second quarter of 2018. But offset substantially below our plan. The reservoir is processing slower than we expected and until we can determine how to address this issue starting to reduce 2019 capital expenditures associated with this asset. Largely as a result of this decision, free cash flow from our CO2 business has increased by approximately $80 million for 2019 as almost all the production associated with these investments benefited future years. In CO2 as with all our assets we diligently monitor our investments to make sure that they're going to achieve our projected return. To the extent that we think there's a material risks with its return either take steps to mitigate our downside, or we do not move forward with those investments as we did here. At SACROC which accounts for almost two-thirds of our current production, production was up 1% in the quarter, and we expect to be above budgeted volumes for the year. So nice current performance in SACROC. When you look at the longer term, the story has also improved. In our mid-year reserve review, SACROC proved reserves increased by about 5.5 million barrels, which represents approximately 33% increase improved reserves. This was driven primarily by increased recovery factors as a result of increased performance. On our CO2 sales and transport business, it was up slightly in the quarter. And that was driven by an 11% increase in CO2 volumes, which more than offset a 4% decrease in the price. With that, I'll turn it over to Dave Michels.
David Michels: Thanks, Kim. Today we are declaring a dividend of $0.25 per share, same as last quarter and in line with the budget, $1 per share for the fourth [Technical Difficulty] 25% increase over dividends 2018. KMI’s adjusted earnings in DCF grew from last year’s second quarter [Technical Difficulty] generated DCF per share $0.50 two times or approximately $560 million in excess of the declared dividends.  Revenues were down 6% this quarter, compared to the second quarter in 2018. But a decline in cost of sales more than offset our lower revenues that our gross margin was up relative to the prior period. Some of that came from the benefit of non-cash losses on derivative contracts during the second quarter of 2018. We treat as certain items and exclude from our non-GAAP metric. Including certain items gross margin was in line period over period. Net income available to common stockholders was $518 million, were 388% better than the second quarter of 2018, largely to impairments taken during the second quarter of 2018, which we treat as certain items. Before certain items, net income available to common stockholders was up $34 million or approximately 7%. That includes the benefit of zero preferred dividend payments down from $39 million as a result of the conversion of our preferred equity securities in October of last year.  Adjusted earnings per share was $0.22 for the quarter, up $0.01 or 5% from the prior period. Moving on to distributable cash flow performance, our natural gas business, which you've already heard was up nicely $73 million, or 7%. We saw greater performance versus last year across multiple assets. EPNG was up, driven by Permian supply growth, more than offsetting the impacts that that asset received related to our 501-G settlement. We had increased contribution from multiple expansion projects placed in-service, KinderHawk and South Texas GMP assets were up driven by increased volume. Kinder Morgan Louisiana pipeline was up due to our Sabine Pass [indiscernible]. And Kim provided the main drivers for our products terminal and CO2 segments. Moving on to our Kinder Morgan Canada segment that was down 100% as a result of our sale of the Trans Mountain pipeline. G&A expense was lower by $8 million due to greater overhead capitalized growth projects, as well as lower G&A from the Tran Mountain sale. Partially offsetting those was higher pension expenses relative to last year. Those pension expenses that hit G&A or non-cash, can we add them back to our DCF and replace those with our actual cash contribution to our pension fund. Interest expense was $22 million lower and that was driven by lower debt balance and greater interest capitalized to projects as well. Those are partially offset by a higher LIBOR rate versus last year would impact our interest rate swaps.  Preferred stock dividends are down $39 million as a result of the conversion of our preferred securities. Cash taxes were higher by $18 million and that’s related to payments at citrus, greater taxable income there versus last year and higher taxes at KML, which Dax will walk through. Those impacts were expected and our cash tax forecast is actually slightly favorable to our budget for the full year. Sustaining capital was $26 million higher versus the second quarter of 2018, mainly due to pipeline integrity work in our natural gas segments. Again, we have budgeted for greater expenditure [Technical Difficulty] in fact our full year forecast is slightly favorable budget [Technical Difficulty]. Total DCF of $1.128 billion was up $1 million or 1%, to summarize the main drivers greater contributions from our natural gas segments, lower interest expense, preferred stock dividend, mostly offset by our sale of Trans Mountain, lower commodity prices impacting our CO2 segments, higher sustaining CapEx and higher cash tax payments. DCF per share $0.50 per share was in line last quarter, same drivers as DCF, but it includes the impact from the incremental shares that were issued as a result of our preferred security conversion. Moving on to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter at 4.6 times debt to EBITDA, which is consistent with our budget and slightly higher than where we were at year end at 4.5 times. At the end of the year leverage is forecasted to be 4.6 times, which is just slightly unfavorable to our budget of 4.5 and is consistent with our long-term leverage target of approximately 4.5 times. As we said last quarter forecast for that full year EBITDA to be slightly lowered than budget or a little less than 2% below budget. Drivers there include the first 501-G impacts, the Elba delay, lower commodity prices impacting CO2, higher pension expenses, partially offset by the very strong Permian supply growth. All of those impact DCF as well, but DCF includes the benefit of favorable interest expenses expected for the year and it also adds backs the non-cash pension expense. As a result, we expect our full year DCF to be in line with budget. Items to note on the balance sheet with regard to some of the larger changes from year-end cash has $3.1 billion use, driven by a $1.3 billion pay down of bonds which happen in the first quarter, $800 million distribution to the public AML shareholders and $340 million of Canadian cash taxes related to the sale of Trans Mountain. Other current liabilities [Technical Difficulty] this is where we booked payable for the public shareholders distribution for the quarter also includes movements in accrued interest and taxes. Long-term debt was down mainly due to us paying off $1.3 billion of bond. Adjusted net debt ended the quarter at $34.8 billion or about flat with last quarter and an increase of $689 million from year-end. Reconcile the quarter change [Technical Difficulty] the $1.128 billion of DCF, had growth capital and contributions to JVs $770 million, paid dividends of $570 million, we have a working capital source of $200 million mainly interest expense accrual that gets us to about flat net debt for the quarter. To reconcile from year-end, we had about $2.5 billion of DCF, paid $1.52 billion out in growth CapEx and contributions to [Technical Difficulty] paid dividends of $1.20 billion, paid $340 million of taxes [the Mountain sale][ph] and working capital use of approximately $300 million, which were mainly interest payments, bonus payroll and tax very close to [Technical Difficulty] year-to-date. Finally we’re posting or we have posted to our website supplemental earnings information that include an alternative format for our financial presentation, it also includes some commodity hedging information [Technical Difficulty] for your modeling. Beginning in the third quarter, we plan to use that new format in our earnings release, it represent an enhanced presentation of our financial. For now it just been provided an addition to our standard format so you can [indiscernible] of our implementation [Technical Difficulty].  With that, I will turn it back to Steve.
Steve Kean: All right thank you. So turning now to KML, in KML we had strong performance during the quarter, we continue to advance our expansion projects at our Vancouver Works facility. We have a good business here, good midstream assets and a good team and we will continue to manage it and look for opportunities to grow it for the benefit of all of our shareholders. Dax will give you an update on our financial and commercial performance for the quarter.
Dax Sanders: Thanks, Steve. Before I get into the results, I want to update you on a couple of general business items. First as we announced the KML Board purpose stock repurchase plan that will allow us to repurchase up to 2 million restricted voting shares over the next 12 months, we will use selectively and opportunistically. This is the maximum number of shares allowed under the Canadian normal course issuer bid rules taking into account 10% [Technical Difficulty]. On our announced diesel export project we received material permits and had commenced construction activity. Consistent with previous statements this is an approximately $43 million project that contemplates two distillate tanks with combined storage capacity of 200,000 barrels underpinned by a 20 year take-or-pay contract that we expect to put in service during the first half of 2021. On the shed six reactivation projects that we have discussed, which as a reminder is an $8 million expansion project at Vancouver Works, we continue to expect to have that in-service in [Technical Difficulty].  Now moving forward to the results. Today the KML Board declared a dividend for the second quarter of $0.1625 per restricted voting share and $0.65 annual [Technical Difficulty]. Earnings per restricted voting share from continuing operations for the second quarter of 2019 are $0.12 and that’s derived from approximately $22 million income from continuing operations, which is same as net income. Income from continuing operation was down approximately $2 million versus the same quarter in 2018. Looking at the largest drivers of that variance, revenue increased across most of KML’s assets and was led by the contribution from the baseline tank and terminal assets coming online, but the increase in revenues was more than offset by the non-recurrence of a gain on the sale of small Edmonton area pipeline asset in 2018 [Technical Difficulty] than the other income expense line and treated as a certain item on the DCF. DCF from continuing operations for the quarter is $28.3 million, down approximately $7.8 million comparable period in 2018 that reflects coverage of $2.8 million and reflects the DCF payout ratio of approximately [Technical Difficulty].  Cash taxes of unfavorable $9 million, as we discussed previously we were not required to make cash tax payments in 2018 for 2018 operations, but rather we’re able to differ them until the first quarter of [Technical Difficulty]. However we're now required to make installments for this year which is driving that year-to-year [Technical Difficulty]. As a relevant [upside] [ph] our ultimate cash tax obligation for 2018 was lower than we expected and as such we expect to refile later in this year form [Technical Difficulty].  Looking at the other significant component of the DCF variants segment EBITDA before certain items is up $7.6 million [Technical Difficulty]. Terminal segment up $6.5 million and the pipeline segment up $1 million. Terminal segment was higher due primarily to baseline coming online, which accounted for about 5.4 [Technical Difficulty]. The pipeline segment was higher primarily due to higher revenue on [indiscernible] as a result of the index adjusted rate and timing on volumes. Finally sustaining capital was negative $3.9 million due to several plant tank inspections that we did in the second quarter that was [Technical Difficulty]. Looking forward as we said in the release, we expect to meet our budget of approximately $213 million of EBITDA and approximately $109 million of [Technical Difficulty].  With that just a couple of quick comments on the balance sheet around liquidity situation. We ended the quarter with approximately $33 million cash and significant available liquidity as we only have $35 million drawn out of the $500 million revolving. Our debt the last 12 months adjusted EBITDA ratio of approximately 1.3 times. However as we said in the past given potential rating agency adjustments on operating leases and other items this ratio is not necessarily indicative of our debt raising capacity at our current ratings. With that, I will turn it back to Steve. 
Steve Kean: Okay Brandon, if you come back on we will take questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] Our first question is from Jeremy Tonet with J.P. Morgan. Your line is open. 
Steve Kean: Good afternoon.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good afternoon. Good news there with GCX it sounds like coming online early. Just want to touch on a little bit more and see is that pipe able to flow gas even before the compressors are online, could there be line fill where just the force from the plant kind of pushes a certain level of gas through and could you guys get paid on that or how should I think about that line fill that startup process? 
Steve Kean: So this is an over 500 mile pipeline we’re starting the process of packing it, now the pipe is in the ground as I said. The compressor stations are the part that really causes the ramp up to occur. And look commissioning compressor stations can be dicey, we are pretty comfortable with these units and think will be able to get them going and get them ramping up. And -- but it's a process it takes time. And as we look out over the period it’s going to take us to pack the line, ramp up all the compression and get to the 2 BCF. We think will be done that a week to 10 days early that’s kind of what we're looking at. In the meantime, we will be buying gas, we will be delivering what gas we can deliver. There is some value in that. But we're in a hurry to get this on for our customers and we are moving with all deliberate speed to get it up to full service.
Jeremy Tonet: Got you. That’s helpful, thanks. And realize that Permian Pass being early stages here probably don't want to talk too much about it, but just see what I can gather here and want to see if you could comment on end markets that this would target if this leverage your footprint and you lifted I think the CapEx spend $200 million there is this kind of in there part of that spend what type of product developmental expenses would you be incurring at this point?
Steve Kean: I'll start with the last first. We’re not incurring a lot of developmental expenses; we’re doing a lot of research on the routing and making sure that we’ve got a good route and we think we do have a very good route. I think the easiest way to think about this is, GCX kind of it hits Agua Dulce, which serves Corpus and serves the Mexican market and some industrial demand down in that part of the state. PHP kind of comes into the middle of our system and we’ll serve I’m not talking about shippers here I'm talking about markets, okay, the gas will end up in Freeport and at the LNG facility there as well as industrial demand that's in that area. And the third pipe well, the fourth pipe if you count Whistler, the fourth pipe will go around to East Texas and serve LNG demand around Sabine.
Operator: Our next question is from Shneur Gershuni with UBS. Your line is open. 
Shneur Gershuni : Good afternoon, everyone. Maybe just to follow up on the last question on Permian Pass a little bit here. Do you expect to have partners on this project, similar to how you have it with GCX and sort of benefit from the operating leverage once it hits the Eastern part of your system? And I was wondering as part of it can you also talk about the analysis that you're doing I mean, you did note the three other pipes about whether there's enough gas demand or need for a fourth pipe?
Steve Kean: Okay. So like the previous projects, I think it's reasonable to expect a similar pattern, which is that very large shippers will want to participate in the ownership of the pipeline. And we welcome that to a certain extent while we would like to own more of these projects, it's good to have your shippers in there with you, I think. So I would expect the same -- we would expect that same pattern is going to hold on Permian Pass. And yes, the proof of the demand is in the shipper sign up and expect again kind of another producer push sort of pipeline here, people are looking for opportunities to get that growing associated gas supply out of the Permian so that they can produce their oil and their NGLs too. And the proof will be in the -- from our standpoint, the proof will be in the sign ups. Now the projections are a need for a 2 BCF a day pipeline really essentially every year, all the way through this fourth pipeline. And then there's some expectation that there will be another one needed beyond that. That's all very, very early, but the supply growth out of the Permian and the expected demand growth, primarily a function of LNG demand is still very robust. And it should translate itself into for a long term commitment. 
Shneur Gershuni : Okay great. And as a follow up, just wanted to sort of chat about the CapEx in your backlog for a second here. You're taking down CO2 CapEx, I think Kim said in her prepared remarks that created an $80 million positive on free cash flow. Can we assume that that $80 million is the reduction in CapEx? And then I was wondering if you can comment on the project that you're evaluating with Tallgrass. The language in your press release was kind of a little interesting as this will evaluate [indiscernible] perceived indications. Trying to understand are you saying that it's likely moving forward? Or you're kind of -- sort of noodling it a little further?
Steve Kean: Okay, let's start with CO2. Yes, primarily the source of the additional free cash flow is associated with the dialing back of the capital expenditures. So that $80 million is primarily a result of that. On the Tallgrass project, so there are two things to think about here. One is that we have an existing pipeline system, the HH pipeline, and then that flows into it serves some other markets too, but it primarily flows into Tallgrass’s Pony Express pipeline system. We announced in open season, we and Tallgrass announced in open season, including the potential for an expansion there. But really certainly from our perspective, the right way to think about that on HH is we've signed up some customers on a firm basis. And in order to firm those commitments up and be able to provide firm service to those customers, we need to make it available to everybody. So we're doing an open season to make the capacity available to all customers but we're going through that process in order to firm up the commitments we've already made.  The second piece is the potential to use our existing natural gas, underutilized natural gas assets in our western region and use them for crude takeaway out of the Bakken and DJ. And that's still something that we are exploring the opportunity for. But we don't really have any kind of definitive update for you on.
Operator: Our next question is from Jean Ann Salisbury with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hey, I just wanted to follow up on the Tallgrass project. It seems like with Liberty and [Dapo] [ph] both going forward, it might be tough to get other people to sign up for another Bakken expansion to Cushing. A while ago, I think maybe at your Analysts Day last year, you'd mentioned looking into the possibility of converting HH to NGL service. Can you provide any color on why you ultimately decided not to go that way And is there any chance for it still? 
Steve Kean: Yes, so we didn't ultimately get the commitments that we would require there. And a competing project was announced in FID. And so it kind of soaked up that opportunity that demand.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay, got it. And just as a quick follow-up. When Gulf Coast Express starts up, are you concerned about any near-term cannibalization of your existing gas pipelines out of the Permian or it’s pretty much everything that you have already on take-or-pay?
Steve Kean: Well, we have a lot that’s under take or pay, I think what we would expect is we've generated a lot of incremental opportunity out of our West gas pipelines this year associated with very short-term transaction parks and loans and things like that. And there will be some relief, which will reduce those opportunities for us for some period after GCX comes online.  But I think it's a reduction, not an elimination and I think we're expecting for what it's worth, we're expecting that GCX is going to -- when you look at how much gas is being flared in the Permian, 700 a day or something, and the gas that's available to be brought online. We expect GCX to fill up very quickly. And we'll find a constraint out of the Permian burning. But it does have reduction of the opportunity that we're experiencing today on short-term transactions out of the West.
Operator: Our next question is from Spiro Dounis with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Spiro Dounis: Hey, good afternoon, everyone. Just a follow up on GCX, looks like you're now investing about $250 million downstream there to facilitate a lot of the influx of gas that’s coming. I guess just give us a little bit color in terms of what's the timing on that? And I asked because I -- we can see your concerns that once the gas serve initially hits Agua Dulce in September has nowhere to go, so just how you’re thinking about problem solving for that?
Steve Kean: So it's about $250 million, we're going to get about 1.4 BCF out of additional take away there, which is a very capital efficient capacity expansion. And I think -- so that's -- we talk about that as our crossover two projects, we've already done one crossover projects. I think, we're evaluating other additional -- the need for other additional debottlenecking projects on our Texas Intrastate, as we continue to see the waves of gas coming in from the Permian. And so that's the current investment and that's what we get for it. And it takes that gas and enables us to distribute it throughout the industrial areas downstream of [KD] [ph] really toward the coast. And there are probably more of those to come. In terms of the timing, time on the completion of crossover two, next year.
Spiro Dounis: Great, appreciate that. Just thinking about CapEx from a higher level. When you consider growth over the next two years. Is it right at this point in the market to get more aggressive here and try and capture more market share? Or does the commodity tape and slowdown in producer activity tell you to be maybe slightly more defensive here in the near-term? How you guys thinking about that generally speaking?
Steve Kean: I think we're thinking about it the way we always do, which is that, we look for our shippers to come forward when they need the capacity sign up for firm commitments to justify the capital on reasonable assumptions, including terminal value assumptions, et cetera. And I think we're just going to keep doing things that way conservatively. 
Rich Kinder: Again, we're living within our means so to speak. And so we anticipate our CapEx expenditures will stay in the range we've previously gone over with you namely in the $2 range.
Operator: Our next question is from Colton Bean with TPH. Your line is open.
Colton Bean: Good afternoon. Just to switch over to crude side of this. I just wanted to touch on the KMCC and Gray Oak JVs. Given the varying diameters there between the Halene [ph] lateral and then chunk lines Houston, do you have a plan for specifically where that interconnect would be?
Steve Kean: Yes, that’s going to be really at the station [Technical Difficulty]. 
Colton Bean: Into the 30, okay. And so in terms of thinking about ultimate capacity there, I mean, is it right to think about if are tying a 30-inch [Technical Difficulty] pipe into the 30-inch KMCC that’s ultimately you could match capacities.
Steve Kean: Possibly could, but right now the expansion project where we [Technical Difficulty] barrels a day. 
Colton Bean: Okay. And with the main consideration just the incremental horsepower?
Steve Kean: Yes, that’s right. 
Colton Bean: Perfect. I guess just as a segue on that would there be any consideration here in terms of Double Eagle and maybe looping Double Eagle to give you ultimately if you went through with that 30-inch connection maybe you could get more barrels up from corpus as well and have a little bit of bidirectional header there.
Steve Kean: Double Eagle was a joint venture so we’d have to kind of explore it with our joint venture partner. 
Colton Bean: Understood. I guess just a quick one, on the Haynesville I do think you guys have called out pretty strong volume growth there with the reduction in counterparty rig count there just to execute two, has that outlook shifted at all for the back half of 2019 or statuesque?
Steve Kean: We are still seeing very strong volumes there, we have had the benefit of being able to ramp up without substantial additional capital investment, we're probably going to have to invest some capital to debottleneck that system further to accommodate what we see as continued growth in that area. But still very, very attractive return projects, but our volumes remains strong. 
Operator: Our next question is from Tristan Richardson with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Tristan Richardson: Hey, good afternoon. Just thinking would love to hear your views on strategic opportunities and priorities for capital looking forward, I think with GCX and PHP rolling off over the next 18 months, and combined with the dividend growth next year at your planned rate both of those combined to suggest that there is a real opportunity for free cash flow in the out years and again just thinking about priorities and what that could be used for?
Steve Kean: Yes, we will continue to -- obviously the first priority is maintain the balance sheet at the investment grade level. We’ve gotten there, we’ll make sure that we stay there. And we've laid out our dividend plan and we will adhere to that. And then in terms of the free cash flow that’s available from there, we will put it towards the highest return use for our shareholders we think when we look ahead in our shadow backlog and other things that are on the horizon as Rich said, we think the $2 billion to $3 billion range is probably that’s been the range for quite a while. We think that's a reasonable range of opportunities for us as we build off of our network, but to the extent that those opportunities are not there. We always have the option to buy back shares.
Tristan Richardson: Helpful, thank you guys very much. 
Operator: Our next question is from Keith Stanley with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open. 
Keith Stanley: Hi, good afternoon, I just wanted to talk you got your FERC approval recently on the Gulf LNG export project just any update on commercial discussions there and potential timeline and viability of the project?
Steve Kean: Not really and I would say it so it’s quite a ways off. You're right, we did -- we had applied for and we did receive our FERC approval on that asset that’s a nice step, but there is nothing eminent there.
Keith Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Christine Cho with Barclays. Your line is open.
Christine Cho: Good evening. I wanted to actually maybe start on Permian Highway, with just all of the challenges with right-of-way permitting. Can we get an update on how that’s tracking relative to budget?
Rich Kinder: We're still on schedule. So the piece of this pipeline is going through the hill country, which we knew was going to be a challenge. And so we allowed for extra time in the acquisition of right-of-way and we had a good victory and expected victory. But we had a good victory in the attempt to challenge the project and our use of imminent domain and our discussions with landowners in the area are continuing and I think continuing at a decent pace. So we expect that with the extra time that we allowed to get through this process that we will on schedule.
Christine Cho: What about on the cost side?
Rich Kinder: On the cost side, we still look very good, we expect to be on budget as well.
Christine Cho: Okay. And then with the Philadelphia refinery closing down, would just be curious as to your thoughts on how we should think about the impact for your products pipeline in your New York Harbor business, if any. 
Rich Kinder: Go ahead John.
John Schlosser: We think it will be positive in the long run, because we expect to see more imports coming in, in New York Harbor it will have a momentary short term impact. We do have 210,000 to be exact barrels with them in New York right now. But we expect to be able to release that they do supply are important three [Technical Difficulty], but we expect the additional volumes off the quality there.  So maybe have an impact for the next month or so. Negative and in the long run, we think it'll be positive for us coming into New York.
Christine Cho: And then just last one for me, quick one, for the KMCC project what's the cost of that project? I'm guessing it's not that much because it's just pumps, but the term of the contracts? And should we think that the benefit will offset the re-contracting headwinds that you talked about in recent quarters? 
David Michels: Yes, so the initial cost of the project right now we're going to spend about $10 million this year. And so with that, we'll be able to get $100 million -- I'm sorry, 100,000 barrels a day in [Technical Difficulty] and get some initial agreements that really kick us off at 75,000.
Steve Kean: And for the term of up to three years on the term. And it'll be a partial offset but not a complete offset. The real objective here is we wanted to find a way to get Permian barrels into KMCC and that's what this interconnect accomplishes.
Operator: Our next question is from Dennis Coleman with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open. 
Dennis Coleman : Hi, everyone. Thank you. I want to go back to the Permian Pass project if I can. You talked a little bit about this being mostly it sounds like a producer push project. But given where you talked about the target or the target area, you deliver a lot of gas already there for LNG. Wonder if there is sort of LNG pull demand. And if it relies on any particular projects above and beyond what's happened or been announced. 
Steve Kean: I mean, clearly it's serving the LNG projects are going forward on the side of Texas, East Gulf Coast of Texas. Golden pass where we won potential customer, Port Arthur LNG and other that is not FID just pretty promising. But there's also connectivity back into our intrastate network proportion of this volume so we would expect that volume to go and serve industrial customers on the side of our system. Then we will be crossing several interstate pipelines farther east. And so that will also be an alternative market.
Dennis Coleman: Okay. And then maybe just if you can give a couple quick comments on how you think about returns versus the two projects that you've already have under development. Just it's becoming harder and harder to build these pipelines. I think we can we can all agree on that. We just talked about some of the issues with Permian Highway. Is there as a time where you as a pipeline developer are able to capture higher return from producers or demand it because of the greater sort of project risk that you face.
Steve Kean: The returns are in line with what we've been experiencing on the previous projects, and they're good returns, we've got competition so we don't talk about them in specifics, but they're good double digit levered after tax returns with long-term contracts securing or underpinning those cash flows. In terms of -- and those are pretty good returns, I mean and we're glad to be able to get them and we try to manage our project risk to the other part of your question by making sure that we adequately account for what we are seeing in the environment in which we are building these projects. And so that factors into how we schedule the permitting process and the right-of-way acquisitions process, it goes into how we select the route, goes into all of those things. So we think we manage the risk by costing it right, scheduling it right and the returns that we're getting compensate us for the risk. 
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys. Just a question on the gas pipeline business. Where do you stand or what remains left in terms of the 501-G process for you and does that $100 million number you put out at the Analysts Day still hold? And then how are you thinking about traditional weak and tracking risk for the projects that have negotiated rates, kind of back half of this year and going into 2020?
Steve Kean: Okay. So what we talked about on the 501-G which is an exposure that we believe we have behind us are largely behind this. We have two remaining pipes with the smaller amounts at issue that we're waiting on final decisions on. But with the ones that we've done, it was $50 million for this year, growing to $100 million next year for the full year effect of both of those settlements. And so as we said, we didn't budget they're very hard to predict, we didn't budget for them, but we were happy to get them because we believe they resolved a longer term risk and a headwind to the company. So it's $50 million this year and $100 million next year. In terms of your contract roll off question, I think where that risk is really concentrated is in our FEP, Fayetteville Express Pipeline and the Ruby Pipeline, and the time frame there is 2021, 2022.
Michael Lapides: Got it? And then a question -- I noticed the contract with Con Edison had a little bit of capacity via compression in the Northeast. Obviously, it's borderline impossible to get new pipelines built into the Northeast. How much incremental opportunity do you see to do similar type of projects to help add incremental capacity into the region?
Steve Kean: Okay, I think this is the second one. So we've got one our line 261 project in Massachusetts that's the first one and then this one. And what we're trying to do is find those opportunities where we can’t get pipelines permitted. And we think these are very formidable pipelines. Where we can get them permitted to build debottlenecking expansions to help our customers, for example, Lift moratoria that they have in place on signing up new customers.  These are very valuable projects, are very much in the public interest. And we think that the way we've been very careful and thoughtful about how we're putting them together, because of the permitting risk in the Northeast. So we'll continue to look for those we've already had two.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thanks, Steve. Much appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is from Becca Followill with U.S. Capital Advisors. Your line is open. 
Becca Followill: Thank you. Good afternoon. How much of the $800 million delta in the backlog is due to taking out the CO2 projects?
Steve Kean:  Yes, $500 million.
Becca Followill: And then second on the FERC NOI and ROE. You guys put up some comments here, which were very thoughtful. Any thoughts on timing of the process with the FERC?
Steve Kean: Nothing sort of proprietary. They've gone through a similar kind of macro evaluation like this on the certificates policy. And I think we're still waiting to see if there's anything final that's going to come out of that. And on this, it's a little hard to project exactly. I think from the comments that we and others filed, I think hope it's apparent to the commission. There are a lot of differences in circumstances, there's not really a one size fits all. I think that they would probably, I'm guessing that that's what they would come away from looking at the record that's in front of us. And I would hope also, that they would find there's a pretty clear distinction between the electric side and the natural gas side in terms of the competitive environment that we operate in, in the natural gas sector. So we made those points other people made those points, too. I think it's hard to craft from the circumstances that have been laid out, a one size fits all policy. So we wouldn’t expect one.
Becca Followill: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Kwan with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. 
Robert Kwan : Good afternoon. Just looking at the KML share buyback. First mechanically, is there going to be a prorata buyback of the KMI share? 
Steve Kean: No this is the buyback program that applies to the public flow.
Robert Kwan : Okay. And then you cited it as an attractive opportunity. I'm just wondering, what types of things and metrics are you looking at? Is it kind of DCF accretion on an absolute basis or do you also look at the MCIB [ph] versus potential new projects, acquisitions or other growth initiatives? 
Steve Kean: Yeah, I mean, we will certainly be evaluating what other opportunities there are to -- for that capital. We do look at DCF accretion as being kind of the primary thing that we focus our attention on. But we don't have anything formulaic here, Robert, we're going to be very opportunistic about the use of the program. But we thought that it was good to put in place certainly the board agreed and it was thing to have in place for our KML shareholders. And we will did it the right. But we use the right time, economically for our shareholders. 
Robert Kwan : Got it. And I guess just that kind of selectively an opportunistic language. I assume that the Board also examines something larger, like a substantial issuer bid but decided technically the MCIB is kind of the right thing at this point.
Steve Kean: I think that's a fair conclusion.
Robert Kwan : Okay, that's great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Rob Catellier with CIBC Capital Markets, your line is open. 
Robert Catellier: Thank you. Just answered my question, I was curious about the evaluation of a substantial issuer bid. Thank you. 
Steve Kean: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from Spiro Dounis with Capital Suisse Your line is open. 
Spiro Dounis: Hey, guys. Thanks for squeezing me back in just had one follow up. So the answer this might be a bit obvious, but just given the rapid pace of buying this year, still kind of compelled to ask Rich, can you just comment a little bit on the uptick that you’re buying so far this year, the stock? Maybe what changed since last year, and how you're thinking about valuation at this point, just given the nice run up year to date?
Rich Kinder: I don't really have much to say on that. Obviously, I'm a huge believer in the upside opportunities for this company, and the kind of dividend policy we have makes it even more attractive. So I am interested shareholder and will continue to be.
Spiro Dounis : Fair enough. Pretty good color.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Your line is open. 
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, thanks for squeezing in as well, Just want to come back to Elba, I think you had touched on it briefly there. But I was wondering if you could dive in a little bit more, as far as what was causing the issues with the cryogenic temperatures there? What do you learn to get that solved? Is there going to be any issues with subsequent trains and I guess what gives you confidence that everything is good at this point?
Steve Kean: Yes, so as I mentioned, the issue that we had was making sure that we had a uniformly cold box where we make the LNG, and we had some mechanical issues associated with having LNG at actually too low of a temperature and solidifying it. And so we needed to get the top of the box cool uniformly with the bottom and what that required was a slower startup. So I would say essentially, we were trying to start it too fast. And so as we gradually stepped into it, and we're making very, very good progress. Now, with the uniformly cold box, it's about turning it up, and we’re turning it up as we speak. And then we have an eight day performance test and then in service. I think as we've gone through this, we've observed where we had issues like with the valve or a seal, and those sorts of things. And so we're working ahead on the other units to make sure that those are all addressed. And so, we've got kind of one final operational issue that we're dealing with, and it seems to be our approach to so it’s working fine. And so if that's the case will be up very soon. If we have to slow down for a bit to fix a problem, it could cause a little bit further delay. But the way we’ve narrowed down the problems now we're confident in its startups, that that startup will be soon, and that it will be operable once up and running. And that the lessons from the startup on the first unit which is the critical unit as we’ve said, commercially for the contract, that the lessons that we've learned from the startup with the first unit are being applied to the remaining unit. As I said, for including the first one for mechanically complete, all of the units are on the Elba Island and we're going through the assembly, and then the commission process as well over the course of this year, with maybe a slight -- maybe one of them drifting into that.
Jeremy Tonet: That's very helpful. Thanks. And with the EOR [ph] just wanted to come to that real quick is there more that that could be reduced that pricing and economic just as far as the CapEx spend there? Or is there a certain level of kind of base spend where you don't want to fall below because that could lead to kind of a decline curves picking up or anything like that where you not able to maintain production at the levels you want?
Steve Kean: As always, we look at every one of these projects on a return basis. So we invest this, we can identify the incremental oil that's associated with investing this and at reasonable range of prices that will produce an economic return at our hurdle rate that’s higher than our other remaining businesses. That's how we do it. And so there's not a base level of capital that we feel we have to spend for some operational or other reasons. We do it each project on a project-by-project basis and on a return basis. And I think the team there, the CO2 team has done a really fine job of knowing when capital is not going to be effectively deployed, and finding other places to deploy it that provide attractive returns or if we can't find that, then we don't spend it. And that's the way we're going to proceed. We have a lot of discipline, I believe around here on the capital that we deploy and the confidence that we have to have in the returns being adequate to our investors. And I think the CO2 group demonstrates that.
Operator: At this time I'm showing no further questions.
Rich Kinder: All right. Well, thank you all very much. Have a good evening. 
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. All lines may disconnect at this time.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-17 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are on a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. [Operator Instructions]. This call is being recorded, if you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. Thank you, you may begin.
Rich Kinder: Thank you, Jennifer. Before we begin, as usual, I'd like to remind you that today's earnings releases by KMI and KML and this call includes forward-looking and financial outlook statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, and applicable Canadian provincial and territorial securities laws, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosures on forward-looking and financial outlook statements and use of non-GAAP financial measure set forth at the end of KMI's and KML's earnings releases, and to review our latest filings with the SEC and Canadian provincial and territorial securities commissions, for a list of important material assumptions, expectations, and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking and financial outlook statements. As usual before turning the call over to Steve, Kim, and the rest of the team, I'd like to provide a quick update and some insight on our financial philosophy of Kinder Morgan. The important news today is that our Board has increased the dividend by 25% from $0.20 per quarter or $0.80 annualized to $0.25 per quarter or a $1 annualized. Now this is consistent with our attention which we announced in mid-2017 to increase the dividend to $0.80 in 2018 to $1 in 2019 and to $1.25 in 2020. Central to our ability to do this is the strong and growing cash flow, our assets are generating and you will see that again in the first quarter's results. We had used that cash to get our balance sheet in shape having paid off over $8 billion of debt and receive credit upgrade from both S&P and Moody's and we intend to maintain our improved credit metrics. Beyond that we are now focusing on using our cash to fund our expansion CapEx without need to access the equity market to pay our increasing dividends and to repurchase stock when appropriate. In short, we believe, we are being careful and conservative stewards of our cash flow and using it in ways that benefit all our shareholders. You should expect no less of us should be reassured by the fact that the management and board of KMI are significant shareholders. Steve?
Steve Kean: Yes, thanks Rich. We'll be updating you on both KMI and KML assessment. I'm going to start with a high-level update and an outlook on KMI and then turn over to our President Kim Dang to give any update on our segment performance, David Michels, KMI's CFO will take through the numbers, Dax Sanders will update you on KML, and then we'll take your questions on both companies. The summary on KMI is this, we're adhering to the principles that we've previously laid out for you. We have a strong balance sheet having met our approximately 4.5X target of debt-to-EBITDA and with ratings upgrades from both Moody's and S&P; we're maintaining our capital discipline through our return criteria, a good track record of execution and by self funding our investments. We are returning value to shareholders with the 25% dividend increase announced today and we continue to find attractive growth opportunities with a net add of $400 million to our backlog during the quarter. Again strong balance sheet, capital discipline, returning value to our shareholders, and finding additional growth opportunities. Those are the principles we operate by. Here are a few updates on some of the key projects. First, our Permian Natural Gas Pipeline project. Our customers are anxious to have us get their gas out of the Permian, so they can also get their oil and NGLs out. We have two projects to get the gas out. Gulf Coast Express and Permian Highway each are about 2 Bcf a day of capacity. Both are secured by long-term contracts and both are in execution stage. GCX is scheduled to be in service in October of this year with Permian Highway following a year later. Both projects are on schedule. Both projects are at attractive returns which we expect to realize and both projects bring us additional opportunities in our downstream pipeline. Combine they bring 4 Bcf a day of incremental gas to a system that moves about 5 Bcf a day today. Those projects will bring opportunities for downstream expansion and optimization as we find homes for that incremental gas through our connectivity with LNG facilities, Mexico exports, utility demand, and Texas Gulf Coast industrial and Pet Chem demand. Our execution and our economics of these projects both look good and we're actively managing our risks and opportunities on both. These projects show us taking advantage of a very positive situation that is this, there is a large supply growth in Texas and a large demand growth in Texas and we can bridge the two and connect to our premier Texas Intrastate Pipeline Network and stay entirely within the State of Texas which facilitates permitting and commercial flexibility. As we pointed out at the conference in January of this year, 70% of the demand growth between now and 2030 is projected to be in Louisiana and Texas largely due to LNG and our systems are well positioned to benefit from that. Also it's worth noting that now 70% of our backlog is natural gas and 56% of that is in our Midstream growth where market based rates in terms of service prevail. On another key project, Elba our LNG facility that we're building in Savannah, Georgia, we are closing in on the in-service date for the first unit. We now expect in-service of that unit to be around May 1, a couple of weeks from now. Getting the first unit on secures about 70% of the project revenue. That way we've experienced is certainly unwelcome but the risk allocation between us, our contractor, and our customer provides significant protection and mitigates the effect to our IRR. So we're introducing natural gas into the facility as well as refrigerants and that process has been doing well. Also of note, we added a net $400 million to the backlog this quarter with new investments in natural gas and terminals primarily more than offsetting projects placed in service. The backlog now stands at $6.1 billion. A few observations about our expansion capital investments over time. As several people have asked how we're doing on the capital, we deploy in those projects. So at the January conference Kim took you through our historical project performance. If you look at Page 49 of what we provided there you'll see a comparison between project EBITDA multiples and actual performance for the projects completed during the 2015 to 2018 period. You'll see that our actual performance was better than our original estimate 5.8X versus 6.1X in the original estimate. You also see that the story is even better in natural gas which makes up the bulk of our backlog as I said when we came out 5.2X versus the original estimate of 5.8X. On Page 50, you also see some other factors that partially offset the contribution from our project investments. But overall project performance is very good. The point here is we're very careful with your capital; we don't swing at every pitch. We definitely have our hits and misses but we have shown that in aggregate we do well. We get there by having elevated return criteria well above our cost of capital. We focused on projects that we understand and primarily focus on expansions off of our existing footprint. All of this helps us invest the returns that are well above our cost of capital and helps overcome the inevitable curveballs that come up during project execution. This has served us well particularly during an increasingly challenging regulatory environment. Next an update on 501-G. As we said in our press release Monday of last week we have reached settlements on two more systems EPNG and TGP which now resolves a vast majority of our 501-G exposure. This is an overhang that we now believe we have nearly entirely behind us. The settlements are pending at the commission right now. Here is our observations: the commission generally approves a negotiated settlement that are pending before the commission but we expect that they will be approved; and two, they respect existing settlements including rate moratoria that are in place. The 501-G overhang has been a consistent part of the dialogue around our stock and we are pleased with our resolution of it. I believe we've said this before but when we announced the budget we did not have anything in for settling 501-G matters but we telegraphed that if we did get such settlements it would likely be a good thing for the value of the company. And we're happy with the outcome. Finally, before turning it over to Kim, word about the KML process. As we say in the release the process is ongoing. We don't have anything more than that to say at this point. And as you'll hear when we get to KML we've been attentive not only to the process but also to managing and developing the existing business. It's comprised of a very good set of midstream assets. It gets a good deal of effort and focus from our management team. But what I want to say from a KMI investor standpoint is that you need to keep in mind that while our process gets a lot of attention KML makes up about 2% of KMI EBITDA on a consolidated basis so just to put it in perspective for KMI. And with that, I'll turn over to Kim.
Kim Dang: Thanks, Steve. So looking at the segments Natural Gas had another outstanding quarter it was up 12%. If you look at the market fundamentals they remain very strong for 2019 Lower 48 natural gas demand is expected to increase by 5.5 Bcf to approximately 95 Bcf a day and the Lower 48 production is expected to increase by 7.5 Bcf a day. Growth in the Natural Gas markets in the first quarter is driving very nice results on large diameter pipes. Transport volumes on our transmission pipe increased approximately 4.55 Bcf a day or 14%. This is the fifth quarter in a row in which volumes have exceeded the comparable prior period by 10% or more. If you look on the demand side deliveries to LNG facilities off of our pipes, I'll put almost 1.5 Bcf a day in the quarter, that's an increase of approximately 900 million cubic feet a day versus the first quarter of 2018. Power demand on our system for the quarter was down slightly primarily due to warmer weather. Exports to Mexico were up 183 million cubic feet to 3.2 Bcf a day which is a 6% increase versus the first quarter of 2018. On the supply side, production out of the key basins we continue that we serve continues to increase. You look at the Permian Natural Gas wellhead volumes increased approximately 30% and the Bakken Natural Gas wellhead volumes increased about 31% percent and the Haynesville they increased 29% and in Eagle Ford they increased 8%. If you look at where these volumes showed up on our transmission pipes, EPNG volumes were up 1.1 Bcf a day primarily due to Permian volumes. Rig volumes were up 900 million cubic feet a day and CIG volumes were up approximately 550 a day both due to growth in the DJ Basin. KML -- KMLA volumes were up 570 million cubic feet a day primarily due to LNG exports. On our gas gathering assets, volumes were up 21% or 570 million cubic feet a day driven by the production increases that I mentioned in the Haynesville and the Eagle Ford and the Bakken. Overall, the higher utilization on our systems a lot of which came without the need to spend significant capital resulted in nice bottom-line growth in the quarter and longer-term as our systems go up will drive nice expansion opportunity. If you look at the longer-term by 2024 the Natural Gas market is projected to grow to almost 110 Bcf a day driven by increases in power generation, LNG, and Mexico Exports and continued industrial development with most of that supply growth expected to come out of the Permian, the Haynesville, and the Marcellus. On the product segment it was down slightly in the quarter. We had increased contributions from our Southeast refined products assets, Calnev, and our Bakken crude assets that were more than offset by lower contributions from KMCC. Volumes on KMCC were actually up 16% in the quarter but that was more than offset by lower rates. Overall crude and condensate volumes were up 8%, refined product volumes in the quarter were flat. From the terminals business it was up modestly in the quarter. The liquids business which accounts for about 80% of the segment was driven by strength in the Houston ship channel and on our baseline terminal expansion project in Edmonton. These increases were slightly offset by the increased lease expense at our Edmonton South terminal and that became a third-party obligation post the Trans Mountain sale. We added 1.4 million barrels of tankage versus the first quarter of 2018 due to the baseline project coming online bringing our total leasable capacity to almost 92 million barrels as the bulk business in our Terminal segment was roughly flat. Our CO2 segment was down in the quarter and that was primarily due to lower crude and NGL prices but also to slightly lower production -- oil production volumes. Our net realized crude oil price was down about $11 per barrel and NGL prices were down about $4 per barrel. That crude oil production was down approximately 1,200 barrels a day or 3% due to lower production at Katz and Goldsmith. Katz and Goldsmith are two of our smaller fields and accounts for roughly 10% of our overall production. In these fields since we are not implementing new development projects, we would expect to continue decline over time. On the other hand at SACROC which is our largest field and accounts for well over 60% of our production we continue to find attractive projects. The CO2 sales and transport business went up slightly in the quarter due to about 5% higher CO2 volumes, CO2 prices were essentially flat. That's it for the segment overview and I'll turn it over to David.
David Michels: Thanks, Kim. So today we're declaring a dividend of $0.25 per share, up from $0.20 per share last quarter and in line with our budget to declare $1 per share for the full year 2019. As Rich mentioned, this would be a 25% increase over $0.80 per share compared to 2018. KMI had a good quarter. We grew significantly from last year's first quarter and we overcame a number of items to end the quarter in line with our budget. We generated DCF per share of $0.60 which is 2.4 times our declared dividend or over $800 million in excess of that dividend. Additionally as the press release points out for the full-year 2019, we forecast our DCF to be on budget and that is even after incorporating the approximately $50 million impacts from our announced FERC 501-G settlement so very nice overall performance from our underlying business. Turning to the earnings page. Revenues were in line with the first quarter 2018 but operating income was higher due to lower quarter-over-quarter costs. Net income available to common stockholders for the quarter was $556 million which is a 15% increase from the first quarter of last year. That includes the benefit of zero preferred dividend payments down from $39 million we paid last year in the quarter as a result of the conversion of our preferred equity securities in October of last year. Adjusted earnings per share was up it was 25% up $0.03 or 14% from the prior period, very nice growth there. Moving on to distributable cash flow. We believe distributable cash flow is a good reflection of our cash earnings and it was up it was $0.60 per share for the quarter up $0.04 or 7% from Q1 of 2018. Natural Gas segment was the largest driver of that growth up $127 million or 12%. As has been the consistent theme for that segment recently we benefited on multiple fronts. TGP benefited from multiple expansion projects placed in service in 2018. EPNG was up driven by Permian supply growth more than offsetting the unfavorable impact from the FERC 501-G settlement in the quarter. Texas and Louisiana gathering and processing assets were up driven by increased volumes from the Haynesville and Eagle Ford Basin. Kinder Morgan Louisiana pipeline was up due to the Sabine Pass expansion. Our product segment was down $4 million, our terminals segment was up $2 million, our CO2 segment was down $48 million or 20%, as Kim covered the drivers behind those segments performance for the quarter. Kinder Morgan Canada was down $46 million from Q1 2018 as a result of the sale of our Trans Mountain assets. Our G&A expense was lower by $6 million due to greater amounts of costs capitalized to growth projects as well as lower G&A resulting from the transition zone sale. Those items were partially offset by higher pension expenses in the quarter and those pension expenses are non-cash and are backed out of our DCF metric and replaced with actual cash contribution. Excluding the higher pension costs, G&A would have been $16 million lower than Q1 2018. Interest expense was $14 million lower driven by lower debt balance and lower average rate on our bonds as well as greater interest capitalized to our growth projects. That was partially offset by higher LIBOR rates which impacted the interest rate swaps which settled in the quarter. Preferred stock dividends were down $39 million as I mentioned before. So total DCF of $1.371 billion, was up $124 million or 10% from the prior period. And to summarize the main changes greater segment EBDA of $38 million when you include the NCI change which relates to the segment generated from greater natural gas contributions offset by lower contributions from CO2 in Canada. $14 million lower interest expense, $16 million lower G&A expenses excluding the non-cash pension expense, and $39 million lower preferred stock dividend which gets you to $107 million of the $124 million increase in the quarter. DCF per share of $0.60 was again up $0.04 to 7% with the same drivers as total DCF but inclusive of the incremental shares issued as a result of the preferred stock conversion. Moving onto the balance sheet, once again we have two net debt-to-EBITDA figures listed at the bottom of the table. At year-end 2018 KMI's balance in our adjusted net debt figure included all of the KML's Trans Zone sales proceeds and the adjusted net debt figure excludes the portion of those proceeds that was paid to the KML public shareholders in early January. Beyond year-end 2018 there was no difference between the net debt and adjusted net debt figures. At the end of the quarter at 4.6% times debt-to-EBITDA which is consistent with our budget is slightly higher than year-end 4.5 times. Our end of year 2019 leverage is currently forecasted to be 4.6 times which is slightly unfavorable to our plan of 4.5 but is consistent with our long-term leverage target of approximately 4.5 times but slightly higher than budget year-end leverages due to slightly lower than planned EBITDA. The reason EBITDA is forecast to be slightly below budget but while DCF is expected to be on budget it's because of the add-back non-cash pension expenses, the low EBITDA, and EBITDA does not take up the benefit of our favorable interest expense. Some items to note on the balance sheet changes from year-end. Our cash reduction of $3.1 billion due to -- $1.3 billion used to pay down KMI bonds maturing in the quarter, $800 million distribution to public KML shareholders, $340 million of Canadian taxes due to the Trans Mountain sale, and almost $300 million of lower revolver and CP borrowings. In other assets $700 million of the $712 million increase is due to booking a right to use assets resulting from a new lease accounting standard. The offsetting liabilities in short-term and long-term liabilities include $647 million which are in long-term liabilities which explains most of the increase of the $618 million in other liabilities. In our short-term and long-term debt changes, in short-term that was mainly due to the payoff of the $1.3 billion of bonds and $700 million of other bonds which rolled into the short-term category and out of the long-term category. Our adjusted net debt ended the quarter at $34.8 billion which is an increase of $668 million from year-end and to reconcile that we generated $1.371 billion in DCF. We spent approximately $750 million in growth capital and contributions to our joint ventures. We paid approximately $450 million of dividends; we paid $340 million of taxes on our Trans Mountain sale, and we had a working capital use of cash of approximately $500 million. The largest items in that are greater interest payments in the quarter, bonus payments, payroll and property tax payments. With that I'll turn it back to Steve.
Steve Kean: Okay. Now we're going to turn to KML and that KML again we realized burning question here is the process we previously announced and which is we said today remains ongoing and we should have an update for you in the coming weeks. All we have to say at this point about the process is in the press release but clearly we'll have more to say once we have something to announce. In the meantime as you'll hear from Dax and as we've said all along we've got a good business here that we continue to operate and invest in as a standalone business. And we're in the good position of not being forced to do anything. So we'll work through the process and we'll have we believe a conclusion in the coming weeks much to know more about it at that time. With that, I will turn over to Dax.
Dax Sanders: Thanks, Steve. Before I get into the results, I do want to update you on a couple of general business items. On the announced diesel export project, we received our required air permit amendment and key building permit to satisfy the key condition process that customer's contract. As such we can now commence construction activities planned to do so in May. Consistent with previous statements this is an approximately $43 million project that contemplates two new desolate tanks with combined storage capacity of 200,000 barrels underpinned by a 20-year take or pay contract that we expect to put in service during the first half of 2021. Of the shed six reactivation project that we discussed we expect to get our key building permit shortly which will allow us to start construction in May also and have the project in-service in December 2019. As a reminder the total CapEx on that project is approximately $8 million. Now moving towards the results and of note as I talk through the results I'm generally only going to reference results from continuing operations as discontinued ops only relates to prior periods and is less relevant. Today the KML board declared a dividend for the first quarter of 0.1625 per restricted voting share or $0.65 annualized which is consistent with previous guidance. Earnings per restricted voting share for continuing operations for the first quarter of 2019 are $0.12 and that is derived from approximately $21 million of income from continuing operations which is up approximately $7 million versus the same quarter in 2018. Revenue increased across most all of KMLs assets and was led by the contribution from the baseline tank and terminal assets coming online but was partially offset by the expiration of a third-party contract on ESRP which we've previously discussed. The increase in revenue was partially offset by higher G&A and depreciation. Total DCF from continuing operations for the quarter was $22.4 million which is down about a $1 million from the comparable period in 2018. That reflects coverage of approximately $1 million and reflects the DCF payout ratio of approximately 85%. The coverage and payout ratio this quarter were skewed by the large cash tax amount of almost $21 million which is $14 million higher than the almost $7 million in comparable period last year. As we previously discussed, we were not required to make cash tax payments in 2018 or 2018 operations but rather were able to defer them to this year. As such, we made a cash tax payment in the first quarter of $17.3 million for 2018 which is consistent with what we budgeted and a payment of $3.5 million for 2019 which together make up the almost $21 million. As we sit here today while we have not finalized the 2018 Canadian return, we believe the tax ultimately owed will be less than the $17.3 million that we budgeted and paid and that we'll be able to apply the excess to 2019. Looking at the other components of the DCF variance, segment EBITDA before certain items up $13 million compared to Q1 2018 with the Terminals segment up $9 million and the pipeline segment up $4 million. The Terminals segment was higher due primarily to baseline coming online which accounted for about $7.3 million. The North 40 added about $2.2 million largely from rate increases in new TSAs and Vancouver Works added about $1.7 million due to incremental volumes. Those positives were offset by $2.4 million negative variance on ESRP primarily due to the expiration of the contract that I mentioned a second ago. Pipeline segment was higher primarily due to lower O&M on coaching of approximately $2.7 million due to the non-occurrence of inline inspection, dig, and other integrity management items performed in Q1 2018 and higher revenues of approximately $1.3 million largely from FX and a short-term deal not in place in Q1 2018. D&A is negative about 1.5 million compared to Q1 2018 largely due to some transition services costs related to the Trans Mountain sale and some higher labor. Interest is favorable by approximately $1.6 million due primarily to interest income on the $308 million of cash we held until making the cash tax payment of the same amount on the Trans Mountain gain on February 28. I've already discussed cash taxes, preferred dividends are flat, and sustaining capital was slightly unfavorable compared to Q1 2018 due to timing. With that, I'll move onto the balance sheet comparing year-end 2018 to 3/31 of this year. Cash decreased approximately $4.292 billion to approximately $47 million which is due to $22 million of Bcf plus net borrowings of $50 million offset by $3.977 billion in special distributions, $19 million in common dividend, $37 million paid on the final working capital adjustment on Trans Mountain paid to the government, $13 million of cash paid for expansion capital, $308 transmission of cash taxes paid on the Trans Mountain gain and a working capital other usable about $10 million. Other current assets increased approximately $14 million primarily due to the prepaid asset associated with the federal income taxes that I mentioned earlier and a small increase in accounts receivable. Net PP&E decreased by 17.3 as a result of depreciation in excess of net assets placed in service. Leased assets increased from 0 to approximately $514 million as we adopted the new accounting rule ASC 842 which requires us to report present value of operating leases. Deferred charges and other assets increased approximately $1.3 million primarily as a result of a contribution to the coach and reclamation process. On the right hand side of the balance sheet, the credit facility balance increased by $50 million from zero as we borrowed a bit from general working capital needs. Distributions payable and distributions payable to related parties went to zero as we made the January 3rd special distributions of the Trans Mountain from sale proceeds. Currently these liabilities increased $17 million which is the current portion of the lease liability. That is the other side of the entry related to the ASC 842 lease accounting that I mentioned. Other current liabilities decreased by approximately $363 million primarily due to the payment of the taxes payable on the gain that I mentioned $308 million in the final Trans Mountain working capital payment of $37 million that I mentioned to the government. Lease liabilities increased by almost $497 million which is the long-term portion of lease liability that is the other side of the entry related to the ASC 842 lease accounting I mentioned. Other long-term liabilities increased by about $1 million primarily due to a small increase in the liabilities associated with the coach and reclamation process. From a liquidity perspective, we ended the quarter with $47 million in cash and significant available liquidity as we had only $50 million drawn out of the $500 million revolver. Our debt to LTM adjusted EBITDA ratio was just under 1.4. However given potential rating agency adjustments on operating leases and other items, this ratio is not necessarily indicative of our debt raising capability and our credit rating. And with that, I'll turn it back to Steve.
Steve Kean: All right, thanks, Dax. And before the Q&A as we've been doing for the last few quarters as a courtesy to all callers we're asking that you restrict yourself to one question and then one follow-up question and if you have more questions not answered please get back in the queue and we will come back around to you and answer your question. Okay. And with that, Jennifer you can open it up.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Shneur Gershuni from UBS. Your line is open.
Shneur Gershuni: Hi, good afternoon everyone. Are you able to answer any questions about the KML process like the order does that mean anything?
Steve Kean: The order?
Shneur Gershuni: The order in the press release has the three options is it likelihood of success or preference?
Steve Kean: I hear you, Shneur. So, no, beyond the press release as would be customary when you're running a process like this we're just going to run the process and really not comment beyond what we've said publicly in the release.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay, fair enough. Just a couple of questions here. You're spending $3.1 billion in CapEx this year. You've added $600 million to the backlog. You recently walked from the DLCC Board opportunity. Where do you see incremental opportunity to spend CapEx in the next 18 months based on -- in addition to where you're at right now and do you have kind of a sense on the zip code of what 2020 would look like would it be higher or lower than where you expect 2019 to shake out?
Steve Kean: On the last we're again continuing to guide to between $2 billion and $3 billion and we won't get to that finally until we do our budget for 2019. But I think to your first question as we mentioned in talking about what's going on in the Texas market and what's going on in Midstream generally as Kim took you through the numbers there. We continue to see good opportunities in natural gas which makes up 70% of the backlog. We're seeing some opportunities here and there in refined products; continue to see small incremental opportunities there. As the year goes on, there is less coming in 2019 and we feel comfortable with kind of what we guided to in terms of discretionary CapEx at the beginning of the year as being where we will end up with it. But that's where the opportunities are coming from, that's what we expect for 2019, and we're working on 2020 and beyond as we speak to take the $2 billion to $3 billion as a reasonable guide.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay. And a follow-up question. Given there seems to be a trend towards product exports. Is your operating leverage in your terminals and refined product system to be able to benefit around more export at a decent ship channel or what we're seeing right now kind of where you're at?
Steve Kean: Yes, there is. So we have 11 ship docks and 12 barge docks and we have been growing kind of at an 8% annual year-over-year rate --
John Schlosser: 8.5%.
Steve Kean: 8.5%.
John Schlosser: Year-over-year over the last five years.
Steve Kean: 8.5% year-over-year over the last five years, as John points out. And you won't quite see that in the first quarter because we had some fog, we had some issues in the ship channel associated with the ICC incident which restricted that but it's not for a lack of demand to move U.S. refined products to overseas markets.
John Schlosser: And I don't think there's anybody better positioned than we are with the amount of docks there.
Steve Kean: Right. We have some spare capacity which is part of your original question.
Shneur Gershuni: All right. Perfect, thank you very much. Appreciate the color guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Colton Bean from Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Company. Your line is open.
Colton Bean: Good afternoon. Just wanted to follow-up on the comments on leverage. You've seen some positive action from the ratings agencies but it does seem like balance sheet has shifted higher in the priority list for the public markets. Could you just provide an update as to how you're looking at the 4.5 times target and whether the strategy around capital allocation has shifted at all?
Steve Kean: Sure. We think the 4.5 is the right place to be for our particular assets given the size, the stability of cash flow, the diversity of the businesses that we have, the quality of customers, the dividend coverage you put all those things together we actually map higher than BBB flat. And we think that all of those factors with respect to our business is what has made the rating agencies comfortable with the upgrades that they've given us. So we think the 4.5 times given all of those considerations is a fine place to be.
Colton Bean: Got it. And then on KMCC, I think you all noted over the last few quarters that you have seen some rate reductions. Can you just update us as to where we stand in terms of the recontracting process there?
Steve Kean: Yes, sure. The recontracting process is ongoing and we do expect to see some additional capacity commitments forthcoming but granted at lower rates. The other thing -- the other key development for us on KMCC is that we've kind of set this out as a goal and talked about it over time as we want to get that type to access Permian Barrel. So right now of course it primarily see -- it primarily is a takeaway for growing Eagle Ford production but there's a lot of capacity away from the Eagle Ford. So even as it grows, it takes a while to fill that capacity back up and hence the rate -- the rate reductions we're experiencing on the base business. But we participated in a Roanoke Expansion that open season was just extended to April 30. However we've got some pretty good commitments there and I think we're going to be successful in getting Permian barrels attracted to KMCC. And so that'll be a part of our picture going forward as we mitigate and add back some growth from the outside, okay.
Colton Bean: Got it. And just a quick follow-up on that, so you mentioned the Permian barrels, is there an ability to use that pipe as a logistical backstop for Corpus exports as well if you had a weather issue in Corpus could you use that to get barrels up to Houston market?
Steve Kean: Yes. And so that's if you put your finger right on it. So I think what we're seeing is that and for good reason is that I think customers are looking particularly at the early periods here and they're looking for an alternative. And there's really no better alternative than the Houston market with the refining base that we have with the access to the Pet Chem markets and global markets over docks all of the infrastructure that we and others have in the ship channel makes Houston an attractive market for these barrels. So it's -- I'd say more than a backstop it's a nice market outlet alternative, a nice market option that we'd expect to be particularly strong in the early days but we'll be around for a long time.
Operator: The next question comes from Tristan Richardson from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Tristan Richardson: Hey good afternoon guys. Just briefly on the slightly lower EBITDA commentary, should we think of that deviation from budget is purely the incorporation of a final 501-G settlement you guys talked about last week or there's some other puts and takes to think about?
Steve Kean: Go ahead, Kim.
Kim Dang: There are some other puts and takes and obviously you've got the delay on elbow which has an impact versus the budget. The pension expense that David talked about which add back that non-cash pension expense and tracked out the cash contributions for DCF and that's why you see the difference between the EBITDA and DCF and then also impact of a slightly lower commodity prices primarily the NGL price impact on DCF.
Steve Kean: So the interesting thing, I think the interesting conclusion is that notwithstanding those moving parts and not all of them affect DCF and EBITDA the same way. But we're basically flat on DCF and slightly down on EBITDA and we've absorbed and put behind us the significant regulatory risk that we did not budget for settlements on. And so really that tells you that that the base business is strong and overcoming a lot in the way of headwind.
Tristan Richardson: Great, very helpful. And then just a follow-up could you talk about your potential JV project serving the Bakken and Rockies and just sort of the timing of the commercial process there and that evolution?
Steve Kean: Sure. So that's our project with Tallgrass and we are in customer discussions right now. We think we have a good project because it is using in significant part existing pipeline assets. So our AA system which is not something to be contributed to the joint venture but our -- one of our Vic medicine [ph] laterals and the Cheyenne Plains system which provides significant takeaway capacity really for three sources of supply. One is the Bakken, second is some heavy barrels arriving from Canada at currency, and third is Powder River and DJ Basin barrels. There's also the PXP Systems that is part of the joint venture that Tallgrass is contributing. So bottom-line on all that is we're offering a lot of way to provide true takeaway capacity with a lot of existing pipe only about 200 miles of new build to get to Cushing with the converted gas pipes. So significant capacity probably more than we would expect to contractually fill up but we're in contractual discussions right now and I think we've got a good proposal for the market but not in the backlog and not nothing more definitive to announce at this point.
Tristan Richardson: Helpful. So could potentially have a decision this year?
Steve Kean: That's possible.
Operator: The next question comes from Gabriel Moreen. Your line is open.
Gabriel Moreen: Good afternoon everyone. First question for me is just what are the backlog around Bakken, GMP has just shifted it all upwards since the Analyst Day. Just curious whether that's -- that's you've added anything there?
Steve Kean: Yes. We've had had some capital additions there. We continue to see good performance from our customer shippers' there and particularly a compelling need for additional gas processing and takeaway capacity. And so we have added a couple of projects and call it 10 to million ballpark to what we already had in when we did the January conference.
Gabriel Moreen: Okay, thanks Steven, and I was going to ask on Tall Cotton now that Phase 2 is completed, can you maybe give us your latest thoughts on proceeding with Phase 3 given the performance out of the reservoir?
Steve Kean: So Tall Cotton as we said in the release, we've seen year-over-year growth in the production there. But it's behind our plan. And so frankly we are deferring further investment decisions in there until we get a better sense for downhaul conformance and in other words that we'd like to do to get confidence that we're going to get what we get confidence in what we're going to ultimately be able to recover from the reservoir. In previous quarters we had talked about operational issues regarding compression and gas handling and things like that. We think we have those behind us at this point but it's still a question of what do we need to do in terms of conformance. And we're going to get ourselves satisfied on that before we make a further significant capital commitment to it.
Gabriel Moreen: And does oil price matter at all for that Steve or is it just agnostic of oil price?
Steve Kean: No, oil price always matters, fam. It always matters.
Operator: The next question comes from Spiro Dounis from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Spiro Dounis: Hey good afternoon everyone. Just wondering if you could provide some guidance or maybe some color just around Waha gas prices and maybe some of the volatility negative basis we've seen their lately. Just wondering if you could expect that basis to stay negative and maybe even get worse over time until GCX comes online and is there anything you can do to actually to speed GCX up at this point?
Steve Kean: As I said at the beginning, we're doing everything we can for our customers there both with our existing infrastructure as well as prosecuting our projects just as quickly as we can. And we feel very good about our schedule on GCX and I think we're making extremely good progress there. I think to answer your question about basis, you have to take a lot of other things into account like what producer self help is available, more docks, and things like that and so we don't have any special insight into forward basis and how much of that can be mitigated by producer activity. But there's no question that there is heavy demand to get out of the Permian and we're doing our best to fill that demand for our customers.
Rich Kinder: Yes and I mean this is nothing that isn't already at the rides. There were two main drivers have caused little severe negative basis that we experienced over the last few weeks. Outages and then well really outages on an intrastate system and interstate system and so as those come back on things should relieve a bit. Then the other thing we're hearing [indiscernible] some of the dry gas portions of the Permian we're seeing some nominal shutdowns and so you get more relieved, out of the basin and so all that should improve somewhat but it's actively a pretty good market, really good. GCX online and then I think beyond that I think it's initiated a little bit very quickly and we could be in somewhere [indiscernible] next year.
Spiro Dounis: Fair enough. I appreciate that color. And then want to respect your process on Canada, so I won't ask specifically around that review but I guess we have new data points coming out of Alberta in terms of the government turning over there and that would seem to sort of favor energy in Canada. Just curious how much of that sort of factoring into your decision making process in general and maybe how you view the landscape there?
Steve Kean: Look I think we're generally we feel good about having the terminal position that we have in Alberta with the activity that it has with the customer base we have with what we've been able to see on contract renewals and the performance that we've had on our expansion projects up there. We're not really opining on governments and all of that we just work with our customers to get the do business as best we can. Of course other people have written about what they believe the implications are for the energy business and we just kind of refer to those.
Operator: The next question is from Keith Stanley from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Keith Stanley: Hi, good afternoon. On KML just the one thing in the statement is that I think before you guys have decided a transaction with KMI as one of the alternatives and that's not in the release this afternoon. Any color on why KMI, KML transactions not one of the options.
Steve Kean: I'm going to stick to my script Keith and just say what we say in the press release is kind of all we have to say about it at this point.
Keith Stanley: Okay. On the Permian gas side you guys have obviously led and been the only one successful in building a gas takeaway pipelines in the Permian. Is there any potential for a tender to build a third Permian pipeline even potentially just given the downstream sort of benefits on connectivity that you guys have?
Steve Kean: Yes. And there are some discussions ongoing. There's nothing to announce and of course it's not the backlog because we're not under contract or anything but the demand to get out of the Permian continues to grow and the desire to be able to unlock the value that's in oil and the NGLs as well as the natural gas continues to put pressure on the need for additional takeaway capacity. And so short answer is, yes. And if you look at the projections they would show you that a GCX a year almost is what's required in order to satisfy the need for takeaway capacity and to unlock the value of the other commodities out of the Permian, I don't know that it's going to be anything like that pace or that is going to be at that pace. But there's certainly interest already in the Phase 3.
Operator: The next question comes from Dennis Coleman from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Dennis Coleman: Hi, good afternoon everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. If I can start maybe a little bit more on GCX, you talked about doing everything you can for your customers; I guess center of that is trying to get it online as soon as possible, some anecdotes that they're from different sources that it is well ahead of schedule. I guess maybe the simple question is how much ahead of schedule might you be able to come on, is it -- could it be are we talking weeks, is it months?
Steve Kean: This is a long pipeline with a lot of compressor stations to commission meter stations, to commission booster compression to commission and final testing and backfill all the things you have to do to get a pipeline a long linear asset where every inch is a critical path. All that work we have to do, so we're going to leave it at. We're doing well. We're doing well on schedule. We're happy with where we are in the construction process and we're going to do everything we can to be there for our customers just as fast as we can. But because of -- because it's a long linear project with a lot of mechanical parts to it that we've got to get completed we're not comfortable in projecting some kind of an early in-service date anything other than the October 1st at this point.
Dennis Coleman: Sure. And that's totally fair. I guess maybe a different question is, the revenue turns on when you get FERC approval to put in service, I guess no FERC approval there?
Steve Kean: It’s not a FERC pipeline. The contracts go into service, service and we're able to provide the two DCF capacity that's associated with this pipeline.
Dennis Coleman: Okay. My follow-up sort of more of a blue sky question, I guess but with the increase in gas production that you're talking about storage does come to mind particularly as we push up the volume of LNG that we're exporting. There hasn't been much growth in storage in recent years there is the old reason of somewhere in an arbitrage doesn't exist. Is that something that you'll look at over time or how do you think about storage as an opportunity maybe, maybe not in the next couple of years but beyond that as that volume grows?
Steve Kean: Absolutely, Tom?
Tom Martin: I mean clearly as the market grows polymetrically in the way, it's talked about today there's going to be a need for more storage over time. We and obviously certainly need commensurate value to expand storage capability beyond what we have today. And so we'll be watching that. I mean I guess the one comment I'll make that although the seasonal values have not really increased but probably contracted a bit. If you look at it historically, we've seen certainly, seen an increase in extrinsic value volatility value but if you look at the components of supply and demand that makes a lot of sense. So to the extent the sum of intrinsic and extrinsic rose and to support future expansion. Obviously customers hope that come in and stepped up behind all that. We'll look at expanding our storage footprint. We're in a great position with the existing capability we have across all of our markets today to provide storage service and that's an upside potential for us as the market rose.
Dennis Coleman: Great. Would you expect it to be more salt or more sort of single turn buildup?
Steve Kean: Yes, I think clearly with the volatility being more of the component and obviously by stopping renewables I think multi-cycle high delivery types of storage makes the most of it, which Tom's team has a lot of Texas and has -- is facing additional LNG demand coming on which is very chunky as well as additional supply coming on which in this case is chunky with Gulf Coast Express coming on. So having our Texas Intrastate System a significant amount of self-dome storage capability is an advantage as we see this play out.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. Actually I have two unrelated ones, one regards to connectivity for crude pipeline capacity between Corpus and the Houston Ship Channel and the Houston market, just curious are there lots of people concerned about enough pipeline capacity between the two markets relative to the size of exports and in them pipes. But there are opportunities to expand KMCC or are you looking at that market and seeing what could be congestion down the road as more inbound crude pipelines come online?
Steve Kean: Okay. So I think that it's not like there's a lot of pipe going from Corpus to Houston or other way around. However there is pipe that can't get to Corpus or can get to Houston. And if you look at Gray Oak for example, Gray Oak is being built all the way over to well being built to Freeport too but also to Corpus ultimately and it interconnects with it will interconnect with KMCC which then creates execution option. So that creates the kind of connectivity that you're talking about. And as we said in response to your earlier question we expect that option to Houston to get some pretty good utilization as things come on and then yes, we do have expansion capability on KMCC as well.
Michael Lapides: Got it, okay. Kind of my apologies, coming hard to introduce said about 70,000, 75,000 barrels. We can talk offline on that. Then any change in status or thoughts about kind of the embedded call option that is both LNG in terms of just next step, next steps from here if any?
Steve Kean: We are going to continue to work with all of our stockholders defined write next step, we did today get approval of our EIS from the condition on the version that we filed earlier. But really there is nothing more to update or report at this point.
Operator: The next question comes from Mirek Zak from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Mirek Zak: Hi, good afternoon. Last week you nearly saw Presidential Executive Orders but this potentially create or renew any opportunities for you to move gas further into the northeast. Maybe something similar to the northwest direct or maybe not as large or has not enough change perhaps on the market demand side for anything to move forward.
Steve Kean: It’s good but not that good. I think there's a lot -- there are a lot of others it is good, okay there does need to be some rationality in the way the delegated authority is handled by the states under the environmental regulations, their permitting authority. So that's a good thing just generally but there are a lot of things to work through in the Northeast on getting new pipeline infrastructure in place and we continue to work on those projects. Any D is a very big project and that's not a very likely resurrection, what we think is that we will find smaller one-off kind of -- one-off kind of projects to do work very closely with our utility customers and we have we have one of those that's ongoing right now and we're working on another.
Mirek Zak: Okay, great. And then switching to the Permian here on all your gas pipelines outlets out of the Permian, do you have any level of open or market capacity or any of those lines available to you that allows you to take some advantage of the low Waha pricing there and if so can you quantify the level at all?
Steve Kean: Yes, I mean everything that well first of all we do have takeaway capacity that's existing capacity out of the Permian. And so we do have the opportunity to take advantage of that provide outlets for our customers but every nook and cranny is in use.
Mirek Zak: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Kim Dang: By our customers.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And the next question comes from Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi good afternoon. Just wanted to touch based on the environment building pipeline Texas and your thoughts on how still the 991 and if there is any chance to pass this share and just in general is it getting a little bit more difficult or you take a little bit more time to build a pipes in Texas, any thoughts you could provide there?
Steve Kean: So yes, there is Texas legislature is in session right now and so there are number of builds are being considered regarding eminent domain and modifying the existing evident domain process. We had really and let me put it this way; this is not a traditional landowner versus pipeline issue any longer. I mean this is about the value of the Permian that benefits the entire State of Texas and the profound public interest that's at stake there when it comes to royalties, taxes, royalties going to the state to fund schools et cetera. And so I think it's fair to say that people in the Texas legislature understand how important it is to unlock the value of this resource in the public interest and that's what you have eminent domain for. And so our view is that and what will emerge from that process ultimately will be a rationale properly balanced -- properly balanced approach to eminent domain. In the meantime we are actively working with our landowners in order to get concessional arrangements in place and we're using the existing process with eminent domain where that makes sense as well. But we don’t currently see any kind of excess potential threat to our project by any stretch.
Jeremy Tonet: That’s helpful, thanks for that. Suppose you might not give a lot of color here but just trying to put your comments together as far as the impact to EBITDA guidance here, and is $50 million to $150 million of impact, is that kind of booking what we’re looking at here or is this a right zip code or I'm off on that field?
Steve Kean: We’re just going to stick with this slightly down and what that implies, it's not a material impact.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. One last one if I could. IMO 2020 just wondering if that's any impact that you guys are seeing with regards to your storage position, any benefits that you guys see in the different storage areas of Houston?
Steve Kean: Yes, John Schlosser from our Terminals Group.
John Schlosser: It's a very small amount of flat visits less than 3% and it’s under a long-term agreement, most of it here at our BOSTCO facility but there are opportunities for a segmentation project at BOSTCO to handle both high sulfur and low sulfur and as one of the largest handlers at this point in the United States, there is opportunities for blending there as well.
Jeremy Tonet: And it sounds like the New York market or anything else like that?
John Schlosser: It has not helped New York market, our opportunities are mostly in the Gulf Coast but there are smaller opportunities up and down the East Coast.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue at this time.
Steve Kean: Good. Thank you very much.
Operator: That does conclude today’s call. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-16 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed in listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today’s call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. Sir, you may begin.
Rich Kinder: Thank you, Kim. Before we begin, as usual, I’d like to remind you that today’s earnings releases by KMI and KML and this call include forward-looking and financial outlook statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Exchange Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and applicable Canadian provincial and territorial securities laws, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosures on forward-looking and financial outlook statements and use of non-GAAP financial measurement set forth at the end of KMI’s and KML’s earnings releases, and to review our latest filings with the SEC and Canadian provincial and territorial securities commissions, for a list of important material assumptions, expectations and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking and financial outlook statements. Before turning the call over to Steve and the team, let me make a few quick remarks. As you can see from our excellent 2018 results and our 2019 budget overview already released, the assets at KMI are generating strong and growing cash flow. This is obviously a very good thing but the question is how we deploy that cash in most effective way to benefit our shareholders. On that question, we get lots of suggestions from analyst and investors. As we have said so frequently, we can use the cash for four different purposes; to pay it out as dividends; to buy-back shares; to pay down debt; and to reinvest in capital projects. Over the past three years, we have used our cash for all of those purposes in varying degrees. We have paid off over $8 billion of debt and reduced our debt-to-EBITDA ratio into our targeted 4.5 level, and had our credit rating upgraded by both S&P by Moody's. We've raised the dividend for $0.50 in 2017 to $0.80 in 2018, and reiterated our intention to increase it to $1 in 2019 and to $1.25 in 2020. We have bought back over $500 million worth of shares and we have funded our growth capital without leading to access external sources. Now in my view that's pretty positive story. You can prevail about how the money gets allocated, but I believe investors should appreciate the overall flexibility that this strong cash flow provides. And we will continue to use our cash flow in a disciplined way that most benefits our shareholders. As we have said so many times the management and board of KMI are significant shareholders, and our interests are pari passu with the rest of the shareholder base. Steve?
Steve Kean: Yes, thanks Rich. As usual, we will be updating you on both KMI and KML as I start with the high level overview, and then turn it over to our President, Kim Dang, to give you an update on our segment performance. David Michels, KMI CFO will take you through the numbers. Then Dax Sanders will update you on KML and we'll take your questions on both companies. The fourth quarter capped a transformative year for KMI as we grew our business, strengthened our balance sheet, increased our dividend and continued to find attractive new opportunities to expand our network. We experienced outstanding performance in our natural gas segment, our largest segment where we saw significant year-over-year growth. We brought expansion projects online and added new project opportunities to the backlog, highlighted by our Permian Express Pipeline Project, which we outlined to you earlier in the year and which brings an additional 2 bcf a day from the Permian basin to our extensive intrastate pipeline network on the US Gulf Coast. That project, like our Gulf Coast Express Project, is secured by long-term contracts. We experienced a record increase in natural gas supply and demand across the country, and 2019 is projected to be another solid year of growth for U.S. natural gas. That growth drives the value of our existing network and creates opportunities for us to invest capital at attractive returns to expand that network. We have solid contributions from other parts of our business as well and Kim and Dave will take you through our results. We made tremendous progress during 2018 in strengthening our balance sheet. We self-funded our expansion capital expenditures as we have since the latter part of 2015. We also sold our Trans Mountain Pipeline and the Trans Mountain Expansion Project to CAD4.5 billion Canadian. That transaction allowed us to return substantial value to our KML and KMI shareholders, while enabling the strengthening of our balance sheet and the de-risking of both entities. A large measure as a result of that transaction, we were able to end the year with our debt to EBITDA multiple at 4.5 times candidly exceeding our goal of 5.1 times, which is what was assumed in the 2018 plans. So we had a very good 2018 and as we showed in our 2019 guidance release, we're expecting good year-over-year growth in 2019 as well. Now we will cover -- we will be focused on our 2018 results in today's call. The timing of this call as always comes right before we do our Investor Day. We will have that next week and we'll go into the details on 2019 at that time. With that, I'll turn it over to Kim.
Kim Dang: Thanks Steve. Natural gas had another outstanding quarter, it was up 8%. Market fundamentals there remain very strong. For the full year, natural gas demand increased from approximately 81 bcf a day to approximately 90 bcf a day, a 9 bcf a day or 11% increase. This is driving nice results on our large diameter pipes. For the fourth quarter, transport volumes increased approximately 4.5 bcf a day on our transmission system, a 15% growth. Deliveries to LNG facilities were over a bcf in the quarter and that's approximately 400 million cubic feet a day increase versus the fourth quarter of 2017. Power demand on our system for the quarter was up 300 million cubic feet a day and exports to Mexico on Kinder Morgan pipeline were up a little over 70 billion cubic feet per day. Overall as Steve said this higher utilization of our system a lot of which came without the need to spend capital resulted in nice bottom-line growth in the quarter and longer-term will drive expansion opportunities. On the supply side, we're also seeing nice volume growth. On our gas and crude gathering systems, volumes were up 21% and 13% respectively, driven by higher production in the Haynesville, the Bakken and the Eagle Ford. In the Haynesville, our volumes more than doubled in the quarter and now are over just slightly over a bcf per day. A few updates on the large projects. On PHP, we have identified opportunities to increase the capacity by about 100 million cubic feet a day and are currently working to sell that capacity. On GCX, we've secured the 100% of the runway, construction is underway and we remain on target for an October 2019 and further. On our Elba Liquefaction Project, we currently anticipate that we will be in service at the end of the first quarter. Of course this has continued to be delayed, but fortunately we do not expect the delays to have a material impact on our costs, given the way our construction and commercial contract is structured. In our product segment, we benefited from increased contributions from Cochin, Utopia, and Double H, offset somewhat by lower contributions from KMCC due to lower contract rates on that pipe. Refined volumes were up 1%, which is consistent with the EIA. Crude and condensate volumes were up 10% and that’s due to increased volumes on our pipelines in the Eagle Ford. However, there in the Eagle Ford, as I said on KMCC, the impact of those incremental volumes was more than offset by the lower pricing and higher volumes in the Bakken, where volumes were up 38%. NGL volumes were down 11% due to unattractive product differentials. However, the lower volumes here have minimal financial impact given the nature of our contract. Our terminal business was down 5% in the quarter. The primary driver is a weak payment from Edmonton South to Trans Mountain, and prior to the sale of Trans Mountain was eliminated as an intercompany transaction. Excluding the lease payment, the terminal segment would have been down less than 2%. Our liquids business was accounted for approximately 80% of the segment was essentially flat with expansions in the Houston and Alberta offsetting weakness from the North East. Our bulk business was down due to certain asset divestitures and lower contributions from coal, primarily due to a customer contract expiration and that’s despite higher coal volumes. Our bulk tonnage was up 10% in the quarter with the largest driver being coal volume. Coal volumes were up almost 1 million ton. Our liquid utilization was essentially flat in the quarter. CO2 segment benefited from higher CO2 prices but that benefit was offset by lower average crude oil price and lower NGL volumes. Net crude oil production was flat versus the fourth quarter of 2017 with increased volumes at SACROC, largely offset by reduced volumes at our smaller fields. SACROC volumes were up 5% versus last year. They were 8% above our plan as we continue to find ways to access the significant remaining lower plays in that field. Tall Cotton volumes were up 26% versus last year but below budget, and NGL volumes were down 7% in the quarter due to a planned outage, but that has since been remedied. Our net realized crude oil price was down 6% in the quarter and that’s despite a higher WTI price. The WTI hedges we have in place as well as the increase in the mid-Cush differential offset the increase in the WTI price. For 2019 as we told you previously, we substantially hedge the mid-Cush differentials. And that’s the update on the segments. And with that, I'll turn it over to David Michels.
David Michels: Thanks Kim. Today, we’re declaring dividend of $0.20 per share, which round out our $0.80 per share dividend declared for full year 2018, that’s consistent with our 2018 budget and the plan that we announced to shareholders in July 2017. It also represents 60% increase over the $0.50 we declared for 2017. We also generated distributable cash flow of 2.65 times our declared dividend for the year and KMI had a very good quarter to cap off a very strong year. We grew meaningfully from last year's fourth quarter and ended the full year nicely above plan and nicely above 2017. In addition, as Steve mentioned, we significantly strengthened our balance sheet during the full year and that strengthening helps result in recent credit rating upgrade by both Moody's and S&P's at mid BBB each as Rich mentioned. On earnings, our revenues were up $149 million or 4% from the fourth quarter 2017 and operating costs were down $101 million or 18%. However, there were certain items both this quarter and in the fourth quarter of 2017 that create a little comparability noise. As a reminder, we define certain items as items that are recorded under GAAP that are non-cash or occur sporadically, which we believe are not representative of businesses' ongoing cash generating capability. So excluding certain items, operating income would have been -- would be up $35 million or $3% from the fourth quarter of 2017. Net income available to common stockholders for the quarter was $483 million or $0.21 per share, which is an increase of $1.528 billion or $0.68 per share versus the fourth of 2017, a 146% increase. This very large change was driven by a reduction in our deferred tax assets taking as certain items are in the fourth quarter of 2017 as we go through the Federal tax rates cut. That’s a good example of certain items that can make it difficult to compare our business' operating performance period over period. Looking at earnings adjusted for all certain items, this quarter we generated $565 million of adjusted earnings versus $469 million in first quarter of last year, that’s $96 million improvement or 20% better quarter over quarter. Adjusted earnings per share is $0.25, which is $0.04 or 19% higher than the fourth quarter of 2017. Moving on to distributable cash flow, EPS per share is $0.56 for the quarter, up $0.03 or 6% from the fourth quarter of 2017. The natural gas segment was the largest driver of that growth. The natural gas segment was up $3 million or 8%, and that segment benefited in multiple parts. As Kim mentioned, EPNG and NGPL were both driven primarily by Permian supply growth. Kinder Hawk and South Texas assets were up, driven by increased volumes from Haynesville and Eagle Ford. CIG was also up through the growing DJ Basin production. Those are partially offset by lower commodity prices impacting our Highland assets and lower contribution from [geology] due to an arbitration ruling calling for contract termination. Product segment was up $3 million, terminals were down $15 million and CO2 is down $12 million, and cover the main drivers behind the change into those segments. KMC was down -- Kinder Morgan Canada was down $50 million or 100%, and that’s due to the Trans Mountain sale, which closed in August. G&A or general administrative expenses were lower by $66 million, driven by a greater amount of overhead capitalized due to a greater amount of spending on both projects, the non-recurring expenses we incurred during the fourth quarter of 2017 and lower G&A from the sale of Trans Mountain. Interest expense was $6 million higher driven by higher short-term interest rates, which more than offsets benefit we received from having a lower debt balance, as well as interest income earned on the Trans Mountain sale proceeds. First stock dividends were down in the quarter due to the conversion of our mandatory convertible securities occurred in October. Cash taxes were lower by $1 million, driven by higher state tax refund. Sustaining capital was $9 million higher versus 2017. Our natural gas product segment was partially offset by lower sustaining capital for the sale of Trans Mountain. That was consistent with what we budgeted, we budgeted sustaining capital for 2018 would be higher than 2017 and are ending the year relatively close to plan except for the Trans Mountain sale. Total DCF of $1.273 billion is up $83 million or 7%, driven by greater contributions from natural gas, lower G&A expenses and lower preferred stock dividend, partially offset by the sale of Trans Mountain and higher sustaining CapEx. DCF per share was up $0.56 per share, up $0.03 or 6%, same main drivers as DCF but with partial effect on the incremental shares from the conversion of our preferred stock. For the full year of 2018 versus 2017, DCF was up $248 million or 6% and DCF per share was $2.12 per share or $0.12 and 6% above 2017 compared to full year 2018. For the full-year relative to budget, DCF of $4.730 billion was up $163 million or 4% from our budget for the year, and our DCF per share of $2.12 was up $0.07 from our budget of $2.05 and 3% higher. So very nice performance for the full-year versus plan as well, especially considering the sale of Trans Mountain and had budgeted all the liquefaction of NGL differential we receive. Now turning to the balance sheet, just like last quarter, you are going to see two net debt-to-EBITDA figures. The 4.4 times includes all of the Trans Mountain sale proceeds as we consolidated all of that cash from KML's balance sheet on to KMI. Including the cash, I would say to KML public shareholders on January 3rd, which is estimated at the end of the year of $890 million, our adjusted net debt-to-EBITDA was 4.5 times [indiscernible]. That 4.5 is a little bit better than last quarter of 4.6 with much improved year-end 2017 at 5.1, as well as the 5.1 we budgeted for the full year of 2018. Obviously, Trans Mountain sales was the largest driver of that improvement, and proceeds have now been distributed to both KMI and to the public KML holders. We used a portion of our share to pay down a little more than $400 million that we had on our revolver and we've included most of the remainder of to fund a $1.3 billion bond maturity that’s coming up here in February. Two largest changes on the balance sheet to note here are from year-end our cash and PP&E, and both of those are largely driven by the Trans Mountain sale. Net debt ended the quarter at $34.2 billion, an increase of $2.5 billion from year-end and a decrease of $400 million from last quarter, while reconcile of those in [Q3]. Quarter change, we had $1.27 billion in DCF, we spend $586 million in growth CapEx contributions to our joint ventures and dividend of $455 million we repurchased $23 million of shares, we had a growth capital source of $184 million, which is largely driven by tax refund we did in the quarter, approximately $400 million reduction for the quarter. For the full year, the $2.5 billion lower debt driven by $4.7 billion of our DCF, growth CapEx and JV contribution is $2.57 billion, $1.6 billion of dividends, $273 million of share repurchases. But the divestiture of proceeds mostly because of Trans Mountain at $3.4 billion less the KML public shareholders' portion of those proceeds of $890 million and then we had a working capital use of $300 million, which was largely driven by our late refund payments that we have reconciled to $2.5 billion lower [debt]. And with that, I'll turn it back to Steve.
Steve Kean: Okay, now we're going to turn to KML and Dax Sanders will give you the updates.
Dax Sanders: Thanks Steve. Before I get into the results, I do want to update you on a few general items. First as in the release mentioned, we made the promised return of capital distribution associated with Trans Mountain sale on January 3rd. More specifically, we distributed almost $1.2 billion to KML restricted voting shareholders for approximately $11.40 a share. We also completed a 3:1 reverse stock split that was approved at the shareholders' meeting last November. With respect to the sale of Trans Mountain, you will recall that the agreement calls for a customary final working capital adjustment. We are substantially through that process and the review of the calculation with the Government of Canada, and believe that the final adjustment will result in us making a final cash payment back to the Government of approximately $35 million in the first quarter and as such, we have booked this amount. This adjustment should not be viewed as a lowering of the purchase price or an otherwise change to the economics of the deal rather it simply reflects that at closing we deliver less cash to the government than was contemplated. Consequently, and as I'll walk you through in a minute, this will not have an impact on the previously communicated net cash and net debt position of KML. Moving to the business front, this is the first quarter where baseline was essentially in-service for the entire quarter and it contributed nicely to the portfolio. As of the end of the year, we have spent approximately $348 million of our share with just over $8 million remaining with the total project spend with our share of $357 million. The $357 million compares to the original estimate of $398 million and as I have mentioned previously, it is a result of cost savings on the project. Finally, a topic that I know is on everybody's mind is KML's ongoing strategic review. While we don't have anything to announce since the review is ongoing, we are hopeful that we will have the review completed in direction to announce by the next earnings call. While this review is taking some time, the time we are taking is necessary given the range of options and cross border complexity, the fact that a strategic combination or sale of the company are among the options and the evaluation of those options require third-party price and term discovery and that process takes time. Now moving towards the results and of note, as I talk to the results, I'm generally only going to reference results of continuing operations as we believe those are much more useful and relevant. Today, the KML Board declared a dividend for the fourth quarter of 0.1625 per a split adjusted restricted voting share of $0.65 annualized, which is consistent with previous guidance. Earnings per restricted voting share from continuing operations for the fourth quarter of '18 are $0.30 and that is derived from approximately $40 million of income from income continuing operations, which is up approximately $22 million versus the same quarter in 2017. The biggest contributors to the increase are strong revenue associated with baseline tank and terminal coming online and interest income associated with proceeds from the Trans Mountain sale. I do want to offer one comment on the almost $28 million loss of discontinued ops, that is due almost entirely to the $35 million payment on Trans Mountain that I mentioned. Adjusted earnings from continuing operations, which exclude certain items, were approximately $43 million compared to approximately $18 million from the same quarter in 2017. Total DCF from continuing operations for the quarter is $62.9 million, which is up $28.7 million from the comparable period in 2017. That provides coverage of approximately $13 million and reflects a DCF payout ratio of approximately 31%, which is obviously somewhat skewed from the interest income. Looking at components of the DCF variance, segment EBITDA before certain items is up $9.9 million compared to Q4 '17 with the pipeline segment up approximately $6.1 million and the terminal segment up approximately $3.8 million. The pipeline segment was higher primarily due to the recognition of efficiency revenue on Cochin and the non-recurrence of an inline inspection done in Q4 2017. The terminal segment was higher due primarily to Base Line coming on line as the asset was not in service in 2017 and higher contract renewals rates at the North 40, partially offset by the expiration of the contract on the Imperial JV and the onetime nature of the capital true up via the same asset in 2017. G&A is essentially flat. Interest is favorable by approximately $24.7 million due to the interest on the Trans Mountain proceeds and lower interest expense. The cash tax line item was essentially flat. Preferred dividends were up $2.6 million given Q4 2018 had both projects outstanding for the fourth quarter [indiscernible]. Sustained capital was unfavorable approximately $3.6 million compared to Q4 '17 due to timing and support on both Cochin and within the Terminal segment. Looking forward to 2019, as with last year, I'll walk you through the details of KMLs budget at the analyst conference next week. With that, I'll move onto the balance sheet comparing year-end 2017 to 12/31/18 and my comments will focus only on the line items related to the retained assets and not the assets or liabilities held for sale. Cash increased approximately $4.227 billion to $4.338 billion, and as I mentioned last quarter, there is a lot of moving pieces and the change associated with Trans Mountain stem from the CapEx spend on behalf of government, the government credit facility and other purchase price adjustments such that I’m not going to take you through all on this call. But if you want more details, feel free to give us a call. Generally, the increase is the proceeds received from Trans Mountain plus DCF generated less expansion capital, less distributions paid net of growth and less the payoff of the debt we had when we received the sale proceeds. More importantly, let me take you through the pro forma reconciliation of what that year-end cash balance looks like, taking into account immediate uses of the Trans Mountain proceeds following year-end. Starting with the $4.338 billion in cash, approximately $3.977 billion is paid out with special distribution on January 3rd that’s the sum of the 1.195 distribution payables to restricted voting shareholders and the 2.782 billion distributions payable to KMI, both shown on the balance sheet. That’s approximately $308 million of cash taxes from the gain on the sale will be paid in Q1. Finally, you deduct the $35 million final adjustment back to Canada that I have mentioned. Getting all those items leaves you with the net cash position obviously with no debt of approximately $18 million. This is consistent with the comments we have previously about KMI having little or no net debt after taking into account all the moving pieces associated with Trans Mountain sale on associated distributions. Other current assets increased approximately $2 million due to an increase in AR associated with Base Line coming online, transition services agreement billing from Trans Mountain and interest receivable from interest on the Trans Mountain proceeds. Net PP&E decreased by $7 million as a result of depreciation in excess of net assets placed in service. Deferred charges on other assets decreased to approximately $63 million as a result of write off of the unamortized debt issuance cost associated with Trans Mountain facility that we canceled. Moving on to the right hand side of the balance sheet, as I mentioned, distributions payable and distributions payable to related parties increased 0 to 1.2 and 2.8 billion respectively as reflected with special distribution. Other current liabilities increased $337 million, primarily due to taxes payable on the Trans Mountain sale. Other long-term liabilities decreased by $283 million, primarily as a result of the deferred tax liability release as a result of the gain on Trans Mountain sale. And with that, I will turn it back to Steve.
Steve Kean: Okay, thanks Dax. We want to take a moment to honor our late General Counsel, Curt Moffatt, who passed away on December 28 while skiing with his family. In addition to being a fine lawyer, Curt was a fine human being and deep personal connections with the people he worked with. We lost a trusted colleague, but many at Kinder Morgan also lost a friend and a mentor. Curt loved this work and his heart shown through with it. We'll miss him. Okay. With that, Tim, if you will come back on, we will take questions. Like we did last time, as a courtesy to everyone who has questions, we ask that you ask one question -- that you hold yourself to one question and one follow up. And if you have more questions, we will get to them. You just get back in the queue and we will take you up in due course. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to start off here on the CO2 segment and taking in account some of the volatility we've seen in commodity prices here. Just wondering how of the $5.7 billion in the backlog relates to the CO2 segment. And does the commodity price environment impact I guess the pace or how you think about that spend given this volatility?
Steve Kean: So in the CO2 segment, we got about $1.6 billion of backlog and we'll go through this in more detail on the conference. And yes, CO2 and also in our gathering and processing business, we will get CapEx on an ongoing basis. So we take into account commodity prices and obviously the breakeven economics with the return for the projects that we look at. So we typically will have ins and outs in both of those segments. And obviously, if commodity prices are lower they tend to be out. So the main topic there is Tall Cotton and we will continue to evaluate Tall Cotton, and whether we make substantial additional investments in there and the year goes on.
Jeremy Tonet: And just want to touch on SG&A, and it just seem down 40%, $67 million here year-over-year. It seems like a big step down, and it seems like some of that’s relate to growth CapEx and capitalization there. But just wondering if you could provide a little bit more color on that? And is this a new run rate or is the run rate something lower, or any more color you could provide would be helpful? Thanks.
Steve Kean: That’s right, a good bit of it does relate to capitalization. But David, do you want to go through that?
David Michels: About half of it is capitalization. We had greater burnable capital spend in the year of about $300 million relative to the prior year we put a reasonable capitalization rate on that and would get to around $30 million of greater capital SG&A cost. So a lot of that was driven by GCX, which is a pretty major project, Elba liquefaction spend. And so we had a couple of major projects as a percentage here as well as all of our ongoing projects as well. And then a big chunk of that also was one time G&A cost that we had in 2017 and it was really is a result of an internal policy change, which allows more paid time off to be carried over to the subsequent year and then of course we had lower G&A cost in 2018 as we go from Trans Mountain.
Jeremy Tonet: So 130 is more of a real run rate G&A going forward the way to think about it?
David Michels: Well, depending on the capital -- the level of the capital spend, [indiscernible]…
Kim Dang: And we'll show you our G&A budget for 2019 at the conference next week.
Jeremy Tonet: And just my first question just to confirm real quick, 1.6 CO2 is of that 5.7, that's the right way to think about that for the backlog?
Steve Kean: And almost all of the remainder is in natural gas.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Colton Bean with Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.
Colton Bean : So you mentioned the improved results there in the Permian network. Is that primarily a result of throughput, or are you still seeing some further increases in negotiated rates? And I guess just as a follow-on to that when you bring GCX in the service later this year. Is there any potential for rate improvement on maybe the Tejas network there in South Texas?
Steve Kean: Yes, so I guess first part of the question, yes, it is improvement in ultimately the rates that come-up for renewal. And I think on the second part just as more gas comes into the State of Texas dispersing that across our network, both for domestic consumption and export demand. I think there are some opportunities, which create so many contracts that have renewal options.
Colton Bean : Then I guess just on the proposed joint venture with Enbridge and Oiltanking for the coal terminal. Just any thoughts as to how that project integrates with the existing footprint and whether there might be some ancillary opportunities if you were to reach FID there?
Steve Kean: So additionally, there is not integration the initial size that we would expect. And again, this is not in our backlog, this is something that we are working on with our partners and we're in development on. And before we would put it in our backlog, we would need to see substantial commitments from shippers. In the early part of the project, we would -- the first bill, we wouldn’t expect to necessarily see it but we could add connectivity in larger bills to KMCC.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Danilo Juvane with BMO Capital Markets.
Danilo Juvane: My first question is on BHP with a little uptick in capacity the 100 million. I was under the impression that you already capped out in terms of MAOB. What were you able to do to get this incremental 100 million squeezed out, and can you do the same things at GCX?
Steve Kean: Well, when we ordered compression, we upsized the compression order. So it was a long lead time item and we though there is market for it if we can squeeze some more out. And so we ordered a larger compression with the large capacity compression equipment. And GCX will look for little pockets here and there, but I would say tapped out there.
Danilo Juvane: And my second question is sticking on the pipes, obviously, what's happening with PG&E in California will be yet to come up with respect to having I think -- and we understand the [$5 million] of contracts. How should we think about that? Has the potential for bankruptcy unfolds there? Are those contracts tied to assets that are base load and month to month, how are you guys thinking about that process...
Steve Kean: I think there's some -- there's always uncertainty in a bankruptcy proceeding, but I think there's some cause for optimism. Let me first -- around the Ruby contracts in particular, let me first start out by pointing out that it is Ruby specifically and exclusively that would be impacted by the potential of PG&E bankruptcy, so two contracts. One of those contracts serves the electric generations that PG&E uses to obviously generate power and service load. The other provides service to PG&E's gas distribution business. So we view both of those as core -- or contracts that are core to PG&E's business. So those two contracts together represent about $93 million a year of demand revenue. So it is a material matter to our interest in Ruby. Again, while the bankruptcy process is uncertain there's important facts. One is what I said that they serve PG&E's core business. These contracts are used by PG&E and we've been told to expect continued utilization of those contracts. These contracts help PG&E meeting its service obligation to core customers. The contracts were approved by the CPUC when they are entered into. The CPUC does require PG&E to maintain upstream firm transport capacity. And so those reliability aspects we think help improve the chances of affirmation. Again, process is uncertain. And I'd also say those reliability aspects were confirmed recently with the GTN outage and diminished capacity there, which caused an increase it takes on the Ruby contracts. So even though the current basis is lower and below the long-term contract rate, there are reliability benefits to be considered. And finally, it's our understanding at least that prior -- PG&E's prior bankruptcy proceeding, they did not reject firm transport contracts. So that's not proof of what they'll do this time, but we think there are reasons for optimism with these contracts.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Spiro Dounis with Credit Suisse.
Spiro Dounis: Just want to start off with 2019 CapEx guidance. Looks like cash flows should fund the majority of that and dividends, but looks like I think back into number about $400 million hole to make up somewhere else. Should the remaining CapEx -- should the assumption be that basically funded with debt at this point, or could we see some non-core asset sale there?
Steve Kean: Those are not really linked we would look at those individually. But at these numbers, there would be an expectation of some small debt financing. So we would be financing more than all of the equity requirement as a substantial portion of the debt requirement for those capital investments. And again we'll take you through that in next week's conference.
Kim Dang: And there's plenty of availability on our revolver.
Spiro Dounis: And then just wanted to touch base again on the Bakken, on your latest thoughts around expanding Double H, now that the projects have been announced, I think there's 300,000 barrel a day open season on the Express Liberty pipeline announced 350,000 barrels in season two, so call it, 650,000 needs to get down to during this somehow if both of these go through. Just curious what that means for Double H here?
Steve Kean: Yes, that’s something that we are actively looking at. Volumes continue to grow and we continue to work on solutions for our customers to get them through Cushing. And there is some expansion capability on Double H.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harry Mateer with Barclays.
Harry Mateer: First, just a follow up on Ruby. How should we think about the indemnification agreement that’s in place from KMI on 50% of Ruby's debt? And then just to clarify Steve, have you even talked since the recent bankruptcy headline, or is that you should continue to expect utilization of those gas supply contracts?
Steve Kean: First, the indemnification no longer exists. And second, we are in pretty continuous conversations with our customers.
Harry Mateer: And then David, you mentioned the KMI plans to pay down the February maturities. So I know the Analyst Day is next week. But can you just give us a sense for how you are planning to manage the timing and/or magnitude of new debt issuance for the balance of the year? Or should we just assume late in 2019 given the bond maturity that comes due in December?
David Michels: We will provide more on that during the Analyst Day, but no near term needs because of the cash we have on hand.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tristan Richardson with SunTrust.
Tristan Richardson: Just curious on the projects added to the natural gas backlog in 4Q. Could you give us some highlights there where that is either geographically or around the chain, whether it'd be midstream or transmission in general regions?
Dax Sanders: So it's probably half midstream, which part of that is on our intrastate system other on the GMP side, and the other half I would say is supporting the LNG projects yet to come.
Tristan Richardson: And then just a quick follow up and you talked about the following up on previous question on the Bakken, the volume growth you saw there. And seems like utilization today and whether or not there is further headroom for growth on the existing asset base or the potential for expansion would require capital?
Dax Sanders: So we are investing in our gathering assets in the Bakken, because they are constrained. And so we have investments to expand our takeaway capability there gas and crude. To get more out of Double H, we would have to expand it. We would have to invest capital in it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dennis Coleman with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Dennis Coleman: Couple of questions, one if I could go back first to the KML strategic review, maybe this is reading a little bit too much into what I'm hearing. But Dax seemed like you emphasized that the options you listed were just among the options that are available. And I wonder if you might talk about what you mean by that or what other options we should be thinking about?
Dax Sanders: I think the options that are table are all the ones that we've articulated before. KML has good set of assets that can continue as the going concern. It could be one of the strategic transactions that I talked about. It could come back to KMI. So, I think all of the options that there is not anything new that we have previously spoken about. And I think we’re going to be very through in thinking about every single one of those and which one makes the most sense.
Dennis Coleman: Okay, that’s what I -- there is nothing new there that hasn’t been. And then I guess just to dig a little bit deeper on the terminals decline, I understand the Edmonton Terminal. But the other thing that’s talked about in the releases is the New York Harbor issues. I wonder if you might just expand upon that a little bit. And is it a one-time thing, is it season, or is there some impact on the business that is more permanent?
Dax Sanders: It's the same issue that brought up last time, it's Staten Island. We’re roughly 60% utilized there. We've done a great job over the last two quarters of getting our head back above water but we’re looking at strategic alternatives for the site at this point. And we're hoping that we'll have clarity on that in Q2 and we'll be able to indicate it on the next earnings call.
Kim Dang: But the reason that Staten Island is uniquely impacted is because there [indiscernible] and access…
Steve Kean: 13.75% on every barrel that goes through there, which makes it -- renders it uncompetitive with New Jersey terminals, our will be two of them…
Operator: Our next question comes from Jean Ann Salisbury with Bernstein.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Is the government shut down having any impact on your actions with FERC, either the federal LNG process or on the pipeline permitting and approval side?
Steve Kean: No, FERC is funded and so the answer there is no. I mean, I think this is separate question about how a deadlocked commission will operate on certain things. But the answer is no. And more broadly, Jean Ann, the government shutdown is not having really much of any impact on it right now. In time with U.S. commission wild life not funded, it could have some impact on permitting but nothing that’s constraining its critical path, nothing that’s on a critical path currently. It's not having much of an impact on us at this point.
Jean Ann Salisbury: And then another question, it seems like there is some debate about whether Permian gas pipeline have good returns. You have a slide in your appendix of the last Investor Day, which shows a multiple in line with or better than your average, but I think some others that proposed the projects have said that mix of returns in duration didn’t meet their bar. Can you just clarity the Permian gas pipe projects that you're working on in line with your backlog average? And are you comfortable with the duration of the projects and just any other color?
David Michels: We’re getting these projects under contract at attractive returns with long-term contracts. And so they're good double-digits unlevered after tax returns and if not a 15% unlevered after tax return but there are good solid returns. And I agree with the observation just generally, I mean we looked at other opportunities out in the Permian crude and otherwise and we haven’t been able to find the return levels that we would require to participate in that. But we're satisfied with the returns and their in-line returns on our gas transportation expansion projects out of the Permian.
Steve Kean: This does have with what we said again in the call, which is we are using a disciplined approach as to how we allocate our capital. So we are not chasing deals that don’t make the bottom sense for Kinder Morgan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Catellier with CIBC Capital Markets.
Robert Catellier: I just wanted to ask what is the impact on operations from the production curtailments in Alberta?
Steve Kean: The contracts that we have are take or pay there and then they're monthly warehousing charge so we have not seen an impact.
Robert Catellier: But you're not -- I understand that take or pay wouldn’t see an impact there. But operationally, are you seeing anything any different…
Steve Kean: No, we actually in our Alberta crude terminal, we had record volumes in the fourth quarter. We have been averaging 77,000 a day. We had 146 in the fourth quarter and in December we were up to 168 and hitting all time one day high of 265. So volumes have been very strong. Now, we have seen it fall off a little bit in January as we would have expected but it had no impact on the bottom line.
Robert Catellier : And then if I could the net interest impact on the Trans Mountain sales proceeds that impact on the DCF for KML. What I'm trying to extract is the interest income specifically related to the proceeds versus other interest expense you might have?
Steve Kean: Yes, I think you can assume we had what we paid-back for the quarter, we didn’t have any debt drawn during the quarter for KML.
Kim Dang: No, it's how much of interest income or is it with DCF…
Steve Kean: So I think it's the 24.7, it's the full amount there. So I am saying that total amount, we didn’t have any amounts during that piece, so the full amount is the…
Robert Catellier : And that's for pretax or post tax amount, 24.7…
Steve Kean: That’s [pretax] amount…
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides : Can you quantify what the impact on volumes being move towards Mexico was that in your system either for the quarter or for the full-year?
Steve Kean: Impact on volumes moved to Mexico…
Michael Lapides : Yes, or volumes directed to Mexico through your system. I'm just trying to get a gauge of whether your system is seeing a material benefit yet and if not now when?
Kim Dang: So we moved 73 million cubic feet a day incremental to Mexico on our system during the fourth quarter versus the fourth quarter of '17.
Michael Lapides : So it's relatively small relative in the grand scheme of things?
Kim Dang: That's incremental…
Steve Kean: We're in excess of 3 bcf a day on average.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Chris Sighinolfi with Jefferies.
Chris Sighinolfi: I guess following on the question -- the last question. I just want to ask about export trends you are seeing on the refined product side. It looks with rush of articles recently about growing gas prices to Mexico with efforts where government cracks down on pipeline sub. So curious if at all how that's impacting you and how that seems might be responding.
Steve Kean: We had record volumes on the ship channel from an export standpoint. We were up almost 8.5% from a volumetric standpoint over our ship docks and 10.1 on total volume so very, very strong movement on the gasoline and diesel over our docks. In Houston alone, gasoline was up 8% and distillates were up 6%.
Chris Sighinolfi: Those figures, are those 4Q numbers you're reporting or are those full year?
Steve Kean: Full year numbers…
Chris Sighinolfi: And has that changed in August, we're very early in the New Year but it seems like a lot of this has escalated once the calendar turns. Just curious if the conditions there have altered in any way.
Steve Kean: No, the only thing we've seen a little more of is we're seeing more volume move via rail out of our former crude by rail facility, which is now been repurposed to handle gasoline and distillates and that's starting to ramp up, and that’s all Mexico.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Beck with Citigroup.
Eric Beck: Just a quick one from me, in the CO2 segment, the mid-cush differential that you have to hedge mostly for 2019. Are those levels fairly similar to what we saw in fourth quarter?
Kim Dang: It's roughly $8 a barrel.
Eric Beck: And just one quick follow-up, regarding the acquisition of the [indiscernible] Field. Are you looking to potentially do additional acquisitions of this type going forward, or might that depend on how you see Tall Cotton develop over time?
Steve Kean: That was a bit unique given its relationship to our SACROC field and our ability to use that field for multiple purposes. Meaning it produces oil and NGL, but also the CO2 that it uses could be perhaps better used elsewhere in our portfolio and perhaps offsetting capital investments that we might make in order to expand CO2 production. So I would call it somewhat unique, but it's an example of the things that we look out for and things that -- and that integrate well with our existing operations.
Operator: Our next question comes from Becca Followill with U.S. Capital Advisors.
Becca Followill: Two questions, one given that you're in settlement discussions on EPNG and pre-settlement on Tennessee. Any change to the guidance you've given for roughly $100 million impact over time and no impact in '19?
Steve Kean: No change -- yes, we're early in those discussions. We're encouraged to be engaged on those two systems but we don't have any update in our guidance or outlook there. I think the $100 million is still good from our perspective, it reflects the tax only component of that. And we'll just have to see where the discussions come out. But we prefer this environment, we've traditionally been able to work things out with our customers and we would rather be doing it here than in a FERC process, so we're happy to be engaged on both of those systems.
Becca Followill: And then back to Ruby, can you remind us of the structure there? I think Pembina has a preferred and so that carves off a big chunk of the EBITDA. So if by chance PG&E were to abrogate or to re-cut that contract. Would that disproportionally hit KMI?
Steve Kean: It would disproportionally hit KMI. And you're correct, Pembina's interest is the preferred and that’s why as I said, it is a material matter to our interest and Ruby. But as I also said, we think that there is reason to be optimistic about these contracts.
Operator: Our next question comes from Danilo Juvane with BMO Capital Markets.
Danilo Juvane: Couple of quick follow-up questions for me, firstly on KML. Are there any major second points that may cause a potential slippage beyond the next earnings call?
Steve Kean: There is always a potential for that. But I think we feel like we will be able to give you an update at the next earnings call.
David Michels: Yes, I think that’s right. That's our estimated time. It takes on and we feel like we will have an answer about that one.
Danilo Juvane: And as a follow up to Jean Ann's question on the Permian pipeline returns. The 6 times multiples that you have outlined before. Is that over the course of the 10 year contract duration?
Steve Kean: Yes, what that is showing, I think we stated the same way and all these are 6 times the second year in EBITDA multiple, and the contracts -- the underlying contracts are for 10 years. And when we make the decision of the project investment, we are careful to look at a variety of terminal value assumptions to make sure that we are satisfied with returns that we are getting on our capital in a variety of scenarios.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Just a quick little follow up, I want to touch base in Elba here. I was wondering if you could expand a little bit more and the drivers to the delay. And I think it was during first quarter you said before now end of first quarter, you guys feel comfortable with the timeline. Or what's happened there exactly?
Steve Kean: Yes, so the delay continues to be associated with contractor productivity. We are obviously getting into the final days here. We have people on the ground watching the progress that we are making. We are in commissioning activity simultaneous with the completion of the project. And so we think end of Q1 is a good and reasonable estimate for when it will be compete. There is obviously a band of uncertainty around that date, but we think we are closing in on it here.
Operator: At this time, I'm showing no further questions.
Steve Kean: Great. Well, thank you all very much for spending time with us, and we will see most of you next week at the Investor Day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-17 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Rich Kinder - Executive Chairman Steve Kean - CEO Kim Dang - President David Michels - CFO, KMI Dax Sanders - Chief Strategy Officer Tom Martin - President, Natural Gas Pipelines
Analysts: Jean Ann Salisbury - Bernstein Shneur Gershuni - UBS Jeremy Tonet - JPMorgan Colton Bean - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Company Spiro Dounis - Credit Suisse Tristan Richardson - SunTrust Keith Stanley - Wolfe Research Tom Abrams - Morgan Stanley Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Robert Catellier - CIBC Capital Markets Robert Kwan - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed in listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today’s call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. Sir, you may begin.
Rich Kinder: Thank you, Kim. Before we begin, as usual, I’d like to remind you that today’s earnings releases by KMI and KML and this call include forward-looking and financial outlook statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Exchange Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and applicable Canadian provincial and territorial securities laws, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosures on forward-looking and financial outlook statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of KMI’s and KML’s earnings releases, and to review our latest filings with the SEC and Canadian provincial and territorial securities commissions for a list of important material assumptions, expectations and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking and financial outlook statements. As I usually do before turning the call over to Steve Kean and the team, let me make a few comments regarding our long-term strategy and financial philosophy. I have talked repeatedly about our ability to generate large amounts of cash and to use that cash to benefit our shareholders in a number of ways, through reinvesting it in expansion projects to grow our future cash flow; paying dividends; delevering our balance sheet and buying back shares. We are utilizing our cash in all these ways, and this past quarter demonstrates that. In many respects, because a fine job done by Steve Kean and the whole KMI team, the third quarter was in my view, a pivotal one for the Company. Beyond good operational and financial performance, we have substantially improved our balance sheet extricated ourselves on favorable financial terms from the Trans Mountain expansion that was problematic in view unrelenting opposition from the government of British Columbia, and we have developed additional significant expansion projects which should allow us to continue to grow our cash flow in the future. Regarding our growth prospects, I believe we can develop good higher return infrastructure projects in the range of $2 billion to $3 billion per year. In short, we are demonstrating that we can generate strong and growing cash flow and employ that cash and benefit our shareholders. That is the essence of our long-term financial strategy at Kinder Morgan. And like many of you on this call, I’m puzzled and frustrated that our stock price does not reflect our progress and future outlook, but I do believe that in the long term, markets are rational and that the true value of our strong cash generating assets will be appropriately valued. And with that I will turn it over to Steve.
Steve Kean: Okay. Thank you. As usual, we will be covering both KMI and KML on this afternoon’s call. I’m going to start with a high level update and outlook on KMI, then turn it over to our President, Kim Dang, to give you the update on segment performance. David Michels, KMI CFO will take you through the numbers. Then, I will give you a high level update on KML and will take you through the numbers and a couple of other topics there. Then, we will answer your questions on both companies. We had a pivotal quarter on KMI and KML, highlighted by the closing early in our schedule of our transaction to sell the Trans Mountain pipeline with government of Canada, which removed considerable uncertainty, while providing significant value to KML and KMI shareholders. With respect to KMI, we are having a very strong year. We are well above plan for the first three quarters and now project that we will exceed our financial targets for full-year 2018. And I think that includes our EBITDA, DCF, and our leverage metric targets. We expect to achieve this outperformance, notwithstanding the absence of earnings contribution from Trans Mountain, the delay in the completion of Elba, and the termination of a contract in our Gulf LNG joint venture, none of which was assumed when we put the budget together. What that tells you is that our underlying business is very strong. We also made our final investment decision along with our partner EagleClaw on the Permian Highway natural gas pipeline project in the third quarter. We have now sold out all of the available capacity to Bcf a day under long-term contracts, as we projected when we FID project. We have also already secured our pipe supply, which is a big mitigation of risk in the current trade environment. We revised our debt to EBITDA target down from 5.0 to approximately 4.5 times with the KML announcement regarding use of proceeds and KMI’s announcement that we will apply KMI share approximately $2 billion U.S. to debt reduction. We are achieving our leverage target. We’re having a very good year, strong financial performance, tremendous progress in the balance sheet, we’re finding good opportunities to deploy capital on attractive project on our great network of assets. This has been a pivotal quarter for KMI. Looking ahead, here are priorities: Complete the distribution of the Trans Mountain proceeds and continue our discussions on turning to positive indications that we now have from all three rating agency into positive ratings actions; continue executing on our project backlog, particularly the completion of Elba and the advancement of our Gulf Coast Express and PHP; continue maximizing the benefit of our unparalleled gas network, seek to add attractive return projects to our backlog as we did this quarter with the condition of PHP; continue returning value to our shareholders with a growing and well-covered dividend. And with respect to questions on KML and possible transaction there. As we’ve said previously, following the sale of Trans Mountain, KML is evaluating all options to maximize value to its shareholders. The original purpose of KML was to hold a strong set of midstream assets and to use the cash flows from those assets and the balance sheet to provide a self funding mechanism for the Trans Mountain expansion. Clearly that purpose no longer exists. The good news for KML shareholders is that there are good options available, which include continuing to operate that strong set of remaining midstream assets as a standalone enterprise. Simply put, we like the assets and we don’t have to sell them. But, among the other potential outcomes is a strategic combination with another company including possibly KMI. We will be exploring and evaluating all of the available options with KML board in the coming months. Because strategic transactions are difficult to forecast, we will likely not have further updates on this until we have something more definitive to say. But as we’ve consistently demonstrated, our focus will be on maximizing KML shareholder value. The possibility, though not a certainty that KML may enter into a strategic transaction including an outright sale, means that KMI can have another use of proceeds decision. A few points on that. We have consistently said at KMI that we would evaluate the use of available cash to fund attractive projects, return value to KMI shareholders in the form of buybacks or increasing dividend. We’ve also updated our leverage target to around 4.5 times and we’re there now with the Trans Mountain transaction. With our leverage target achieved, we would expect to use the additional available cash to fund the equity portion of attractive growth projects that we may add to the backlog or for share repurchases. And I’ll say again that we continue to believe that our current share price is an attractive value for share repurchases. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Kim.
Kim Dang: Thanks, Steve. Overall, our segments had a good third quarter, up 5%. Natural gas had an outstanding quarter, it was up 9%. And so, I think it’s worth spending a moment on the overall market. Current estimates show that the overall U.S. natural gas market is going to approach 90 Bcf for 2018, which is over 10% growth versus 2017. This is driving nice results on our large diameter pipes where transfer volumes are up 4 Bcf a day, that’s 14%. If you look at power demand on our system, it was up in the quarter up 1 Bcf or 16%; in the overall power market, natural gas now comprises approximately 38% of total generation, up from 36% in the third quarter of 2017. Exports to Mexico were up 375 million cubic feet a day on our pipes or 13% versus the third quarter of 2017 with total exports to Mexico on our system of just under 3.3 Bcf a day. Overall, the higher utilization of our systems, a lot of which came without the need to spend significant capital, resulted in nice bottom-line growth in the quarter and longer term will drive expansion opportunities as our pipes reach capacity. On the supply side, we’re also seeing nice volume growth. Our gas and crude gathering volumes were up 15% -- were up 20%, sorry, and 15%, respectively, driven by higher production in the Bakken and the Haynesville and the Eagle Fort. In the Haynesville, our gathering volumes doubled in the quarter versus 2017. On the project side in natural gas, we had a few noteworthy developments. Steve gave you the update on PHP. On Gulf Coast Express, we’ve secured approximately 80% of the right away. Construction is starting this month and we remain on target for October 2019 in service. Our Elba Liquefaction Project, we now anticipate that it will be in service in the first quarter of 2019. Although the delay is impacting our DCF versus budget, the natural gas segment is still expected to exceed its budget for the year. And we do not expect the delay to have a material impact on our construction costs, given the way our construction and commercial contracts are structured. Our CO2 segment benefited from higher crude and NGL volumes and also higher NGL and CO2 prices. Net crude oil production was up 2% versus the second quarter of 2017. SACROC volumes were up 4% versus last year and they’re 6% above our plan year-to-date, as we continue find ways to extend the life of this deal. Currently, we’re evaluating transition zone opportunities as well as off-unit opportunities that are adjacent to SACROC. Tall Cotton volumes were up versus last year but they’re below our budget. Our net realized crude price is relatively flat for the quarter, despite a higher WTI price. The WTI hedges we have in place as well as the increase in the Mid-Cush differential offset the increase in WTI. For the balance of this year and for 2019, we’ve substantially hedged the Mid-Cush differential. Our terminals business, we benefited from liquids expansions in Huston Ship Channel, in Edmonton and the new Jones Act tankers that came on in 2017 that we’re getting a full-year benefit in 2018. These benefits were largely offset by weakness in the Northeast, particularly at our Staten Island facility that is now subject to New York spill tax, making facilities in New Jersey more economic options for our customers, and a number of other factors which include non-core asset divestitures, contract expirations at our Edmonton rail facility, and higher fuel and labor costs in our steel business. Bulk tonnage in the quarter was actually up 5%, primarily driven by coal and pet coke. Although you don’t see much benefit in this result, given the way our contracts are structured, the GAAP revenue recognition rules and to a lesser extent, some pricing changes. Liquids utilization was down 2%, primarily due tanks out of service for API inspections and the Staten Island facility, I mentioned a moment ago. In the products segment, we benefited from increased contributions from Cochin and Double H, but that was offset by somewhat lower contribution from Pacific due to higher operating costs. Crude and condensate volumes were up 13%, and that was due to increased volumes on our pipelines in the Bakken which drove higher contributions from Double H, and in the Eagle Ford, the impact at those volumes though is largely offset by lower pricing. And with that, I’ll turn it over to David Michels, our CFO, to go through the numbers.
David Michels: All right. Thanks, Kim. Today, we’re declaring a dividend of $0.20 per share, which is consistent with our 2018 budget and with the plan that we laid out for investors in July 2017. Net annualized $0.80 per share is what we expect to declare for the full-year of 2018 and would represent a 60% increase, $0.50 per share that we declared in 2017. Once again, despite that very robust dividend increase, we expect to generate distributable cash flow of more than 2.5 times our dividend level. As you’ve already heard Kim, I had another great quarter. Our performance was above budget and above last year’s third quarter. As Steve mentioned, we expect to beat our budget on a full year basis, with all DCF, EBITDA and leverage.  Now, I’ll walk through the GAAP financials, distributable cash flow and the balance sheet. Earnings, on the earnings page, revenues are up $236 million or 7% from the third quarter of 2017. Operating costs are down $453 million or 18%. However, that does include the gain recorded on the Trans Mountain sale. Excluding certain items, which Trans Mountain is the largest, operating cost would actually be up $162 million or 7%, which is consistent with the growth in revenues. Net income for the quarter is $693 million or $0.31 per share, which is an increase; $359 million, $0.16 per share versus the third quarter of 2017. Much of that increase is also attributable to the gain from the Trans Mountain sale. Looking at earnings on an adjusted basis, looking at adjusted earnings, take out certain items. The $693 million would be $469 million, which is $141 million, a 43% higher in adjusted earnings in the third quarter of 2017. Adjusted earnings per share is $0.21 or $0.06 higher than the prior period. Moving on to distributable cash flow DCF. DCF per share is $0.49, which is $0.02 up from the third quarter of 2017, 4% increase. That is yet another very nice quarterly performance for 2018 and was strong growth in our natural gas segment. Natural gas was up $81 million or 9% that benefited -- that segment benefited on multiple fronts. You’ve already heard Haynesville, Eagle Ford and Bakken shale volumes were up and that benefited KinderHawk, South Texas and Hiland gathering and processing assets. Our EPNG and NGPL pipelines had greater contributions, driven from Permian supply growth. Our Tennessee Gas Pipeline was up due to expansion projects which were placed in service. And our CIG pipeline experienced strong growth due to greater DJ basin production. Partially offsetting those items was lower contribution from our Gulf LNG due to a contract termination. CO2 segment was up $16 million from last year, driven by NGL prices and greater volumes. Kinder Morgan Canada segment was down $18 million or 36% due to the sales of Trans Mountain and a loss of one month of contracts during the quarter. G&A is lower by $16 million, and that’s due to greater capitalized overhead as well as lower G&A from the Trans Mountain sale. Interest expense is $10 million higher, driven by higher interest rates which will offset the benefit from a lower debt balance as well as some interest income that we earned on the sale proceeds. Sustaining capital was $36 million higher versus 2017. We have budgeted sustaining CapEx in 2018, it would be higher than 2017 and actually expect and favorable to our budget. So, to summarize, the segments were up $59 million; G&A costs were down $16 million; interest was 8 to $10 million. Cash taxes were $5 million. Other items driven by increased pension contribution for a reduction to DCF is $9 million and sustaining CapEx was higher by $38 million. That adds up to $43 million, which explains the main variances in the $38 million period-over-period change in DCF.  2018 remains on track to be a very good year for Kinder Morgan. We expect to exceed our budgeted of financial targets for a year, driven by natural gas and CO2 segments, lower G&A, cash taxes and sustaining capital expenditures, partially offset by reduced contributions from Kinder Morgan Canada as a result of the Trans Mountain sale, as well as lower contributions from our terminal segment due to lower lease capacity in the northeast and lower than expected Gulf throughput. One more note here. While natural gas is nicely ahead of plan year-to-date, as expected to finish the year ahead of plan, the segment does expect to be impacted relative to budget in the fourth quarter by the delayed in service of our Elba and LNG project as Steve Kean mentioned. Moving on to the balance sheet. We expect -- we ended the quarter at 4.6 times net debt to EBITDA. Just to repeat that, we expect -- we ended the quarter at 4.6 times, net debt to EBITDA. So very important milestone and nice improvement from the 4.9 times last quarter and 5.1 times at year-end 2017. Our current forecast also has this pending year at 4.6 times. The Trans Mountain sale was the largest driver of that improvement. The proceeds of that sale, they’ll reside at KML. We expect that the distribution of those proceeds will occur in January 2019, January 3, 2019, and we expect to use our share to pay down debt. In the meantime, KMI consolidates all of those cash proceeds including the amount that the public KML shareholders will receive. Therefore, as you can see on the balance sheet page, we subtract it out from KMI’s net debt, approximately $919 million of cash that will go to the KML public shareholders. We believe that’s a more accurate reflection of KMI’s leverage. Including that adjustment, net debt ended the quarter at $34.5 billion, a decrease of $2.1 billion from year-end and from last quarter. So, to reconcile that 2.1 for the quarter, we generated $1.093 billion of distributable cash flow. We had growth capital and contributions to JVs of $715 million. We paid dividends of $444 million. We received the Trans Mountain sale proceeds of $3.391 billion. We took out the KML public shareholders portion of those proceeds of 919. And we had a working capital use of $337 million, primarily as a result of EPNG refund payments. And that reconciles to our $2.069 million reduction in net debt for the quarter.  For the full-year or year-to-date, reconcile -- reconciliation, we generated $3.457 billion of distributable cash flow. We had growth CapEx and contributions to JVs of 1.981 billion. We paid dividends of $1.163 billion. We repurchased $250 million of shares. And we received the Trans Mountain sale proceeds of 3.391. We excluded the KML public shareholders portion of that at $919 million. And we had a working capital use of $455 million year-to-date that also includes the EPNG refunds, as well as the interest payments, and that reconciles to the $2.08 billion reduction in net debt year-to-date. With that, I’ll turn it back to Steve.
Steve Kean: Okay. Thanks. So, we close the transaction on -- talking about KML, turning to KML now. We closed the Trans Mountain transaction. As we said at the time of close, the sales price amounts to about $11.40 Canadian per KML share. And on top of that, KML’s shareholders have a strong set of remaining midstream assets in an entity with little or no debt and with opportunity for investment expansion, as well as the potential for a strategic combination. We have a shareholder vote coming up on November 29th on a couple of matters that Dax will take you through, and expect the distribution of proceeds to occur in January, as David mentioned.  And with that, I’ll turn it over to our CSO, Dax Sanders.
Dax Sanders: Thanks, Steve. Before I get into the results, I do want to update you on a couple of general items. First, as both Steve in the press release mentioned, we anticipate distributing the net proceeds associated with the sale on January 3, 2019, following shareholder vote on November 29th. More on the amount to be distributed in a second. Specifically, the shareholder vote is to approve two things. First, a reduction in stated capital, which is in Alberta corporate law concept. And with the reduction in stated capital, we will ensure that our distribution is copacetic with Alberta corporate law. The overall concept of the stated capital reduction is more fully described in the proxy. Second approval is to affect the three-for-one reverse split, post payment of special demand. As a reminder, the vote is subject to a two thirds majority of the outstanding shareholders in KMI, which owns approximately 70% has agreed about in favor. Moving to the business front. We now have all 12 Base Line tanks in service as we place 5 of the 6 remaining tanks in service during Q3 and the last tank in service just after the quarter-end. Overall, 10 of the 12 tanks were placed into service on-time or early. As of the end of Q3, we have spent approximately $342 million of our share with approximately $31 million remaining on the total spend of approximately $373 million. The $373 million compares with original estimate of $398 million. And as I mentioned last quarter, is a result of cost savings on the project. Now, going towards results. Today, the KML board declared a dividend for the third quarter of $0.1625 per restricted voting share of $0.65 annualized, which is consistent with previous guidance. Earnings per restricted voting share for the third quarter of 2018 are $0.05 from continuing operations and 378 from discontinued ops, and both are derived from approximately $1.35 billion of net income, which is up approximately $1.3 billion versus the same quarter in 2017. Obviously, the big driver there was the large gain on the sale of the Trans Mountain pipeline. So, let me focus for a minute on what’s driving the $12.4 million increase in income from continuing operations. Stronger revenue associated with the Base Line tank and terminal coming online and interest income associated with the proceeds from Trans Mountain sale are the big drivers. Adjusted earnings, which excludes certain items were approximately $44 million compared to approximately $42 million from the same quarter in 2017. Of course, the big certain item in the quarter was the gain on the sale of Trans Mountain. Total DCF for the quarter which is not adjusted for discontinued ops is $80.6 million, which is up $3.4 million for the comparable period in 2017 and within $1 million of our budget. That provides coverage of approximately $7 million, reflects the DCF payout ratio of approximately 71%. Looking at the components of the DCF variance. Segment EBITDA before certain items is up $8.4 million compared to Q3 2017 with the pipeline segment up approximately $8.2 million and the terminal segment essentially flat. The pipeline segment was lower primarily due to the Trans Mountain assets going away and that was approximately $15 million net. It was offset by the non-recurring underlying FX loss from some intercompany notes that were in place in 2017 and lower O&M and Cochin compared to 2017 as we had some non-routine integrity management activities in 2017 that were completed. The terminal segment was essentially flat with the Base Line tank terminal project coming into service and higher contract rates and renewals at the North 40 Terminal and the Edmonton South Terminals offset by the expiration of a contract on the Imperial JV. Same unrealized FX dynamic I mentioned on the pipeline segment and the lease payment on the Edmonton South facility to the government. G&A is favorable by $2.5 billion, due primarily to the removal of the Trans Mountain G&A term line. Interest is favorable by approximately $11 million due to the interest on the Trans Mountain proceeds and lower interest expense. The cash tax line items is essentially flat. Preferred dividends were up $5.2 million, given Q3 2018 had both tranches outstanding for the fourth quarter. Sustaining capital was favorable approximately $3.8 million compared to 2017 with the exclusion of Trans Mountain being the main driver but augmented by timing of spending in the terminals segment. Looking forward, as we mentioned in the release, we expect to generate $50 million to $55 million of adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter and almost a full quarter of Base Line tanks in service during the fourth quarter. And also, and consistent with the past practice, as we prepare our 2019 budget for KML, we will communicate that which will provide more color on the earnings power of the residual assets going forward. With that, I’ll move to the balance sheet comparing year-end 2017 to 9/30, and my comments will focus only on the line items related to the retained assets and not the assets or liabilities held for sale. Cash increased approximately $4.239 billion to $4.35 billion, and there are a lot of moving pieces and the change associated with Trans Mountain stemming from the CapEx spend on behalf of government, the government credit facility, and other purchase price adjustments, such that I’m not going to take you through that on this call. But if you want more detail, feel free to give us a call. Generally, the increase is the $4.426 billion of net proceeds received, plus DCF generated less expansion CapEx, less distributions paid net of growth and less the payoff of the debt we have when we receive the sale proceeds. More importantly, let’s look forward where that cash is going. The dividend we will pay in January and that’s the approximate $11.40 per KML share, will be approximately $4 billion and then we’ll pay capital gains tax associated with the transaction of just over $300 million in Q1 2019. Other current assets increased approximately $19.5 million, primarily due to an increase in several items in accounts receivable with the largest component of that coming from a billing to Imperial related to the Imperial JV. Net PP&E decreased by $3 million as a result of depreciation in excess of net assets placed in service. Deferred charges and other assets decreased by approximately $64 million, which is a result of a write-off of the unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the TM facility that we canceled. On the right hand side of the balance sheet, other current liabilities increased $321 million, primarily due to the taxes payable on the Trans Mountain sale. Other long-term liabilities decreased by $283 million, primarily as a result of a deferred tax liability release, as a result of the gain on the sale of Trans Mountain. Also of note, we ended the quarter without any outstanding debt. With that I’ll turn it back to Steve.
Steve Kean: Okay. We’re going to go to Q&A. We’re going to do something slightly different this time. We got some feedback that some of you would prefer that as a courtesy to others with questions, we limit the questions per person to one with one follow-up, and that’s what we’ll do. However, if you have more than one question and a follow-up, we invite you to get back in the queue, and we will come back around to you. Okay. With that, we’ll turn it over -- operator, please come back on and start the questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question comes from Jean Ann Salisbury with Bernstein.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hi. How should we book in [ph] the potential downside for KMI of the 501-G outcomes? Do you have any internal productions that you can share of what EBITDA lose could be in the worst case?
Steve Kean: Yes. It’s very hard to project, because the outcome is highly uncertain, but I’ll try to give you some parameters. We’ve said in the past that looking at the tax effect alone, it’s about $100 million across our interstate assets. Beyond that it’s very difficult to predict. And you understand -- you know what the mitigating factors are. We have rate moratorium in place on many of our systems. We have negotiated rates for many of our transactions in the interstate business. We have discounted rates in effect. Not all of our gas segment is interstate. Some of it is our intrastate a business in Texas, which we’re obviously growing. And not all of our regulated interstate assets earn their cost of service. Okay. So, if you put that all together and you roll off several years forward, and you’re really just talking about the max rate revenues on our interest business that are subject to some adjustment. If the max tariff rate comes down, which is what rate actions do, they would be subject to adjustment. And that amounts to about 30%, which by the way, to us anyway underscores the lack of foundation for what the commission is doing here. If you look at the action that they’re taking, they’re treating interstate natural gas pipelines as if they were regulated franchise monopoly utilities. That hasn’t been the case since the 1970s. Over the last 30 years, the commission has carefully crafted a competitive market through various administrations, one pro competitive rulemaking after another in order to create competition between pipelines. We operate in a competitive market, not in the franchise service territory. We expect to bring that and other rate-making arguments to bear as we go through the 501-G process. So, thanks for giving me a chance to stay on the result.
Kim Dang: And one thing -- one follow-up there. The 30% that you mentioned is just of the interstate revenues, not of the whole gas segment, it is of the interstate.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Yes. That makes sense. And if we start to think about it, maybe as a multiple of the 100 million going away and a worst case or...
Steve Kean: Yes. Again, very hard to project, because I think there are quite a few hands to play here as we work through this process and we work with our customers and we work with our regulator and we actively mitigate it. And I think we will be able to actively mitigate it, spread it over time. And the numbers I gave you are what gives us some confidence in that statement. We’ll be able to mitigate this and spread it over time.
Jean Ann Salisbury: And then, as a follow-up, you mentioned on the last call the potential of re-contracting at higher negotiated rates on EPNG, NGPL, and I believe your intrastate pipe. Could we get an update on that and would you be willing to share roughly what share of your volumes out of the Permian come up for negotiated rate re-contracting over the next couple years?
Steve Kean: Yes. It’s not we have a quantification of that. 
David Michels: Yes. It’s hard to put a number on all of that. I mean, I think we’re talking about $25 million, somewhere in that range kind of year-over-year upside.
Operator: And our next question comes from Shneur Gershuni with UBS.
Shneur Gershuni: Maybe just to follow up on that 501 question. I was just wondering if you can clarify a couple of things. I mean, at this stage right now, can you confirm that that request is effectively informational at this point right now and it’s not actionable? And then, as part of the discussion on it, can you speculate on the purpose of the FERC making this request in the first place? Is it more to find the market price for the ROE, given that the last rate case was so long ago? Especially, given the context that there’s like another filing out there for a pipeline that’s asking for mid-teens ROE. I was just wondering if you can sort of opine on that.
Steve Kean: On the first, we view it as an informational filing. And we view it as frankly, a bad informational filing. There are a number of things that it overlooks, including the negotiated rates and other things that I mentioned. It uses a very old litigated ROE, uses the cap structure that we don’t think is appropriate. And it kind of forces -- it forces information into a particular template that we don’t think is consistent with the way commission -- the commission has done rate making in the past. And so, in the course of all this, we’ll get an opportunity I’m sure to point that out. But, what I would submit that you all ought to be thinking about is, you’re going to get as many of you have written, these numbers are going to be uninformative. So, as these 501-Gs roll out, you need to take that into account as you’re looking at them, because they have flaws in our view, particularly in light of past commission policy and precedent. So, we think they’re informational and not very much information. On FERC’s purpose, I won’t speak for them. But, I think it was fairly clear from the process leading up to this that it was based on a desire to make sure that the benefits of the income that the Tax Cuts passed late last year found their way to customers. And in a competitive market, they do find their way, one way or another, to customers. But, we are not again, a franchise -- a protected franchise, regulated monopoly utility in the same way that some electric utilities or gas local distribution companies are. And so, I think that using a similar approach, if you will, with us given our circumstances isn’t appropriate. And we’ll continue to make that point to the commission.
Shneur Gershuni: Great. And as a follow-up question. I believe Rich mentioned in his prepared remarks an ability to invest $2 billion to $3 billion a year on an ongoing basis. Where do you envision those dollars being spent? Are we looking at some more large scale projects, like Permian Express Highway, or do you see it more of a series of $100 million to $200 million type projects? And if so, kind of where do you see the capital being spent?
Steve Kean: I think, it’ll be primarily directed to natural gas. We put -- we grew the backlog quarter-to-quarter $200 million after putting several projects in service and that was largely due to a net addition of backlog of $600 million on the natural gas segment. And if you look at the fundamentals that Kim took you through, we would expect to see not only the increased utilization of the existing system but the opportunity to put more capital to work. And we’re looking at what those projects would be. It’s a little hard to say how many big ones will it be versus a collection of smaller multi-hundred million ones. But, we think we’ll have good opportunities there.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good afternoon. Just want to turn to the business a little bit here. And it seems like you have some things kind of moving in your favor as far as growth is concerned, natural gas segment. You noted kind of the Bakken, Haynesville and Eagle Ford, and crude activity there. And just want to touch a bit more on those areas. It seems like the Bakken, there is quite wide basis differentials that cropped up recently there and wondering what that could mean for you guys as far as possibly expanding Double H or other infrastructures you might have. The Haynesville, seems like resurgence of activity there. BP might be looking to do more. Have you been in conversations with guys like that that are putting more capital to work? And then, the Eagle Ford as well seems like kind of coming off the trough nicely. Just wondering if you could comment on those three areas as far as where you see the growth opportunities.
Steve Kean: Jeremy, that feels like a lot more than one question. So, I’m going to -- I think in all three areas that you touched on, I think there is going to be opportunities. I think, we are looking at some -- I don’t want to speak too much on the crude side, but there is -- there are some projects that we’re looking at to take additional volumes south to Cushing. Potentially on the crude side, there is clearly a need for additional residue solution out of the Bakken. So, I think that’s an area that we’re exploring as well. Clearly, there is going to be more expansion capital deployed in the Haynesville as we -- our existing capacity I think will be a point, certainly in pockets of the Haynesville, we’ll need to expand the system to take additional volumes there. And then, the Eagle Ford I think largely will be building our existing capacity, but there may be pockets of opportunity to expand there, particularly on the NGL side, which we’ll take a look at as well. So, I think clearly the value of our capacity, existing capacity is going up to the extent it’s not already sold in long-term contracts. As those deals come up for renewal, we should do better in those areas. So, I think prospects look good.
Jeremy Tonet: Got you. Great. Thanks for that. I was going to ask about Permian brownfield debottlenecking opportunities. But in the interest of not getting in trouble, I’ll hope back in the queue.
Operator: And your next question comes from Colton Bean with Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Company.
Colton Bean: Good afternoon. As you evaluate next steps on KML, is there any consideration of potential asset inclusion from the KMI level, specifically maybe the U.S. portion of Cochin? And I guess, to touch on that, how does that fit into the Kinder network if KML were to exit the portfolio?
Steve Kean: Yes. So, Cochin does not commercially or otherwise really divided the quarter. So, it makes sense for it to end one side or the other. And we’re evaluating how best to handle that. And some of that as a function of who the prospective or possible purchaser candidate might be. So, that’s still to be worked out, but you have put your finger on something that we have to resolve as part of it. It is an attractive asset. It runs full. It’s under contract, nearly full, it runs -- it’s under long-term contract. And it is providing a valuable service to our customers. So, I think it’s valuable, whichever side it gets up on. 
Colton Bean: Got it. That’s helpful. And I guess, just as a follow-up. So, you mentioned on UMTP, moving away from that project, I think you had filed for a abandonment on the TGP portion there in 2015. Given the abandonment filing, is there anything incremental, you would need to do on permitting, if you were to pursue a project there? And just any thoughts on kind of commercial appetite for more and more Northeast to Gulf Coast capacity given where spreads move to? 
Steve Kean: Yes. We’re not pursuing that project any further. And we reflected that in our accounting for the quarter et cetera. And part of the reason for that is, we haven’t gotten the customer sign up on UMTP. But just as importantly, we have a lot of interest in that pipe, which is currently in gas service, remaining in gas service and the potential for another long series of reversal projects that we’ve done on TGP in order to take the Marcellus and Utica gas south to where the market is now growing. And so, it’s a function of a lack of opportunity on the one hand, but thankfully the emergence of a very good opportunity on the other.
Colton Bean: Okay. And so, no real, no real downtick in appetite for Southbound capacity even with basis being a bit tighter?
Steve Kean: Yes. For this capacity, which is -- I don’t know if it’s the last one, but it’s among the few remaining opportunities to take existing Northbound capacity and turn it around. So, it’s not brand new Greenfield long haul pipe. So it’s one of the last, if not the last pipeline reversal projects. So, we think if we can -- that it is attractive in this market price. Clearly, it’s attractive compared to Greenfield costs and that it’s a nice pocket of capacity, it doesn’t require Bcf, 2 Bcf of commitment, it’s [indiscernible] range, I think, pretty actionable. So good trade.
Operator: Our next question comes from Spiro Dounis with Credit Suisse.
Spiro Dounis: I just wanted to go back something you said earlier, Steve, just around your ability to meet and actually beat guidance here, as we get to the end of the year, despite some of the headwinds and unforeseen, all the issue that you had. Curious if you can just give a little more detail around what exactly is driving your ability to do it? And ultimately, what I’m getting at is, how much of that is really sustainable into 2019 versus maybe just commodity shrink based?
Steve Kean: Yes. It’s really -- I mean, as Kim said, it’s the uptick that we’ve had in natural gas volumes and utilization. And one important point of note there is that the volumes on both the supply and the demand side are growing faster even in Texas. So, we’re seeing that 14% number that were up is 20% -- that’s 20% on sales and that’s 25% on transport in the Texas intrastate market, which is a good thing. That’s not a FERC regulated position for us. So, really, there is good tailwinds there, and they’re expected to continue. And we’ve had growth like we’ve never seen, at least in a very, very long time in the gas markets year-over-year, and we’re going to have another -- it looks like another good year of growth next year on the supply and the demand side. So, that looks like a good, beneficial trend for us, carrying on.
Tom Martin: Again, I would just add that what we’re looking at Kinder Morgan is the largest network of pipes moving natural gas, about 40% of all the natural gas moved on our system. And when you have the kind of dynamics as Steve and Kim are referring to, it’s a huge tailwind for the whole Company. And that’s in essence the guts of what we’re trying to do at Kinder Morgan. And I think, in this year and particularly in this quarter, you’re seeing that tailwind really come to fruition, and it’s really driving tremendously good performance.
Spiro Dounis: I appreciate that. And then, not sure if this is where Jeremy was going, but I’ll pick up that Permian question. In terms of the potential need for a third gas pipe out of there, I think Steve talked about it on the last call, maybe being kind of a tossup between the need to just expand the current pipe or do you add a third one. I think you said it was unclear last time. Just wondering, as you’ve gone through the rest of the Permian Highway process, is that more clear to you now? Do you feel like it’s clear one way or the other that third pipe is needed or do you see yourself getting maybe 2.7 Bcf a day on Permian?
Steve Kean: Yes. So, the 2.7 -- I’ll start with that, 2.7 Bcf on the Permian Highway was if we had gone 48 inch. We went to 42 inch, because the supply chain for the pipe for 42 inch was much more secure, and as Kim said, we locked in our pipe there. And so, we took care of that risk. I think, our view and Tom you elaborate, but I think our view is, you’re going to continue to need additional types out of the Permian over time. We may be at a point where as people are waiting for the takeaway to come on and they’re doing more docks and they’re doing more diversion of rigs at other places, et cetera. They’re taking a brief break in the breakneck growth they were having. But we think there’s a third pipeline, maybe it’s two or three years out as opposed to right now, but we think there’ll be a third pipeline, if not more after that.
Operator: Thank you. And our next comes from Tristan Richardson with SunTrust.
Tristan Richardson: Just curious on opportunities for new infrastructure downstream sort of in anticipation of the 4 Bcf a day of incremental supply from your two large projects as we look into 2020?
Steve Kean: Yes. Well, a very good point. So, if you look at our Texas system today, it’s about a 5 Bcf a day system. And with these two projects that Tom’s team has put together here really in a very short period of time, we’re bringing another 4 Bcf to that system. Now, those projects come with certain downstream lease arrangements or pipeline capacity arrangements on our existing Texas intrastate system. But it will create, we believe, follow-on opportunities for us to do debottlenecking expansions on the Texas system to accommodate all of that additional gas, which comes with a lot of additional demand as LNG comes on and as we continue to see exports to Mexico rise, et cetera. So, the Texas market -- the whole Texas market and our position in it is in very good shape right now and has a very fine outlook.
Tristan Richardson: And then, just a follow-up. Just curious sort of what areas in terms of the additions to backlog outside of PHP, sort of where you’re seeing growth project additions?
Steve Kean: Okay. Well, we touched on one with the Tennessee pipeline reversal. We have additional projects serving LNG coming up that we are looking at on NGPL as well as our Kinder Morgan Louisiana pipeline. We’ll look at those also on the Texas Gulf Coast as time goes on. In the West, we’ll continue to find I think some debottlenecking opportunities, which may not necessarily have a full bunch of capital, but all that capacity is very valuable, certainly in the near term. And so, we can monetize that. And then, so the earlier question, the G&P part of our business, the Bakken is moving again and it is bottlenecked on our system. And so, we are investing capital to debottleneck that system and get our customers’ product to market. But, as Tom alluded to, in the Haynesville and in the Eagle Ford, we’ve got room on our existing systems to take additional volume with potentially small debottlenecking, not capital intensive expansion. So, we’ll get some volume, not for free, but for nearly free, as it grows in the Haynesville. And so, more in the Bakken than in the other two basins.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Stanley with Wolfe Research.
Keith Stanley: On the KML strategic review process, is there any reason you’d want to wait until the Trans Mountain special payment in early January or the shareholder vote in November before you make a decision on KML, or are those two items not connected at all?
Steve Kean: We don’t necessarily have to wait on that for a decision, and we can work our process even starting now.
Keith Stanley: Okay. And one follow-up just on the backlog. You added $800 million in the quarter. How much of that is Permian Highway and what ownership interest are you assuming there?
Steve Kean: Yes. So, we were conservative, I believe, on the ownership interest. So, we took it assuming a full exercise of the options that the large shippers on the system have to take equity. So, isn’t that, Tom, 600, something like that? So, it was most of the addition to the backlog and gas.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tom Abrams with Morgan Stanley.
Tom Abrams: Thanks. Intrigued with this Bakken residual gas idea, began just coming out of the ground, has to go somewhere, but where? Where does it go? Try to get to the West Coast, we need LNG development there, or you get to the Gulf Coast and fight past all that Permian associated gas, just how you’re thinking about that?
Tom Martin: Yes. I mean, I think we’re considering both options and I think more likely down to the Rockies area, but considering both.
Tom Abrams: And then, on the New York terminaling, you still have some headwinds there on Staten Island. But as you look across in the New Jersey, are you seeing anything over there that would suggest things are tightening up where the wind is kind of getting less in your face and maybe starting to bottom out and improve?
Steve Kean: 400% utilized in two New Jersey facilities at Carteret and at Perth Amboy. And actually, we saw an improvement on a quarter-to-quarter basis at Staten Island. We had 948,000 barrels last quarter and we’re up to 1.7 billion now. So, we’ve got a good short-term plan to keep our head above water over there. Spill tax is still a huge issue though. And so, we’re looking at strategic options for the facility kind of long-term, which could include looking at alternatives for the side.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Real quick, and it’s a little bit of a two for one. How are you thinking about project returns on Elba Island now versus kind of original expectations? And for Gulf LNG to move forward outside of the FERC EIS process, how should we think about the sequence of steps necessary for that to become something that’s kind of a real project for you guys?
Steve Kean: Okay. First on Elba. So, you have to go way back in time. But, when we originally sanctioned the project, we didn’t have a joint venture partner and we didn’t have certain other things in place. The return has actually improved since that time, and we’re still looking at a double-digit after-tax, unlevered return. Now, part of what brought about that change is we brought in a partner and our investment and it was promoted, our development of it was promoted. The other thing that’s protected us there, Michael, is we have in our contractual arrangements, there is three important parties here. There’s us as the project developer and manager et cetera. There is Shell, who is the provider of the units that are being provided to do the liquefaction. So, that’s not, if you will, on us. That’s something that Shell is providing. And then, we’ve entered into an EPC contract with our EPC contractor. So, the bottom line on all that is it insulates us from some of what you would normally think of as the cost of pain that’s associated with delay. So, our returns have surprisingly eroded, not that much notwithstanding a fairly significant and really not acceptable from our standpoint delay. The second question was on Gulf LNG? Okay.
Michael Lapides: Yes. How do you think about next steps for Gulf LNG outside of the obvious with the FERC EIS process?
Steve Kean: Yes. So, as you have just said, I mean, we did get some information on Gulf LNG, the commission actually gave a timeframe on the EIS and on the expected order date for the 7c, which is in mid-July of next year. Gulf LNG is the last brownfield liquefaction opportunity. There’s been a lot of talk about the next wave of LNG. We need to get our current situation resolved with our re-gas shippers who are there and we need to explore our options in the market. And that includes not just marketing the facility; we’re potentially looking at a JV opportunity or other things.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Catellier with CIBC Capital Markets.
Robert Catellier: I was just hoping to make sure I understand the Trans Mountain recall rates on some of the tanks at KML if TMX is completed. I understand they have the right to recall tanks. And I think the original expectation was they could recall -- they were likely recall too. So, my question is, is that still the expectation? And what is the impact on EBITDA to KML as a going concern, if that in fact happens?
Steve Kean: Yes. That’s still the expectation. The few tanks are still the expectation at the time that the project actually comes into play. And so, that’s obviously at the time project comes into play. They’ve also got the ability to give two years of additional notice -- two years of notice and recall additional tanks to the extent that they can’t meet their regulated requirements, existing regulated requirements, after they give notice. And so, we don’t anticipate to have that.
Robert Catellier: And the quantification, give us some color on the impact?
Steve Kean: Yes. Go ahead.
Tom Martin: It depends upon what we actually have in terms of third-party business out there. And so, it would depend on the specific situation.
Robert Catellier: Okay. Similar question then on the expiration contracts at the Edmonton rail terminal. I think, there’s an important contract that expires in 2020 with favorable renewal rates for the customer. What sort of color can you provide us on the impact that might have?
Steve Kean: It switches to a cost plus contract. So, we will have a management fee in place at that time. So, we looked at this that it would be paid off in its initial term. And in April of 2020 that contract switches over to just a management contract.
Robert Catellier: So, that’s a material impact then?
Steve Kean: Right now, it looks like it’s about $45 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Kwan with RBC Capital Markets.
Robert Kwan: Hi. Just wanted to confirm, with the numbers Dax gave, both the $4 billion on the dividend and then just over $300 million on the tax, just to make sure there is no other major inflows are outflows that pretty much means you’ve got -- you’re going to be no debt, no cash. Is that fair?
Dax Sanders: Yes. That’s about right. Pro forma for the cash taxes were just over 300 the dividend of about or -- that’s right.
Robert Kwan: Okay. And then just on the $50 million to $55 million in the fourth quarter, so that pretty much includes all of the second phase of baseline, yet that sweeps up the full quarter of the tank lease, at least the rail contract highlighted as part of this quarter. Does it also incorporate what you think the ongoing G&A run rate is, and are there any kind of future factors?
Dax Sanders: No. I think that’s a pretty clean sort of going forward run rate. The last baseline tank came in -- I said, the last one came in the fourth quarter, just after the beginning of the fourth quarter. So, it’s got a pretty, pretty good run rate going forward.
Operator: Our next comes from Shneur Gershuni with UBS.
Steve Kean: Hello, again.
Shneur Gershuni: Hey. Following the rules, I had seven questions. I just wanted to clarify something that Kim has said earlier about total interstate revenues and 30% of that with respect to an adverse situation. Just wondering if you can sort of walk us through that again.
Steve Kean: Yes. So, if you think of it this way, if FERC were to make ultimately a rate adjustment, what they would be adjusting down would be our max rate tariff. And so, by definition, it’s primarily the shippers who are paying max rates that if the revenue associated with that that could potentially be affected, could have some reduction in it, not elimination but some reduction in it. And negotiated rates, discounted rates would not be affected, they’re largely not affected. There is always a possibility that max rates come down enough that they get some of the discounts and they pull the rate, the max rate goes below the discounted rate. But, that’s very small. And so, it’s really the potential for an adjustment is a potential for an adjustment to that 30% subset of the interstate regulated revenues, which in turn are a subset of our natural gas segment. That’s what we’re trying to convey.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay. So just to clarify. So, basically what you’re saying is 30% of your revenues -- sorry, 30% is subjective max rate and that’s where you would then see an adjustment. So, if not a 30% hit to the revenues, it would be far less than that?
Steve Kean: Correct. Very important. Yes. And it’s 30% of the regulated interstate revenues that we’re talking about. And yes, so, if you had -- and we’ve had rate settlements where we’ve taken a 5% reduction, for example, or a rate reduction that goes from 1%, then 3%, then 4, something like that. That’s what we’ve been able to achieve in other settlements. So, it’s not the whole 30%. Thank you for that clarification. Not the whole 30%.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay. Thank you. Much appreciated. And as a second follow-up question. You sort of gave in your opening remarks an update on if you ended up selling Canada where the proceeds would go and so forth. I was just wondering if you can talk about whether it’s a buyer or sellers market in Canada. And then, in terms of thoughts around asset sales, are there any other assets that you’re thinking about selling, for example, the Oklahoma assets where you had an impairment earlier this year. And is it fair to assume a similar playbook in terms of buybacks, if you were to get proceeds on some asset sales elsewhere?
Steve Kean: Yes. First of all, what we were talking about with respect to use of proceeds would apply kind of wherever the proceeds came from. We’d make sure that we maintain that same leverage ratio, but then we would use them. If there were available projects, we’d use them for projects, but otherwise they would go to share buybacks. So, that’s our current thinking. On the KML assets, we think they’re great assets. They are -- it’s a fairly new development. We’ve built the largest merchant terminal position in Edmonton. John and his team did that over a 10 or 12-year period. And the Vancouver Wharves asset is a very good asset, the Cochin Pipeline is a very good asset. And we think that asset packages like this are rare anywhere, but they are rare to come to market and they are rare to come to market in Western Canada. And so, we do think that it tends to be a bit of a seller’s market for these assets.
Shneur Gershuni: The Oklahoma assets or any other assets?
Steve Kean: Yes. So, Oklahoma, as we said, we have good G&P assets. We have some assets that might be more valuable in someone else’s hands and where we find those instances, and Oklahoma may be one of those, we could look to monetize them. But beyond that, not commenting on specific processes or specific assets. Everything here at a price, right, at the right price that -- the whole driver is what’s going to create the most shareholder value. That’s it. And so, if we find those opportunities on pieces of our asset base as we have in the past, some facilities, we’ll certainly evaluate those.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. So, about that Permian natural gas debottlenecking. I think, in the past, you guys have talked about 2 Bcf a day gross capacity that could be added between kind of Texas intrastate, EPNG and NGPL. And just wanted to drill down if that was more -- you talked about the downstream connectivity that would be employed, I guess with -- based on these new pipes that you are building. 2 Bcf number, is that specific to that or just trying to drill down into really Waha takeaway? Is there any more that you guys can squeeze out on your assets there, given how Waha touched the buck recently and seems like egress is ever more challenged?
Tom Martin: I mean, I think all of the low-hanging fruit has been harvested as far as low cost expansion. And certainly, we’re monetizing all the existing capacity that we have. There is anywhere from a Bcf to 2 Bcf of potential projects to be done at a much higher costs, which really are markets -- are supported by the market today. And if they were deployed, it would be kind of post PHP time horizon. But, we’re certainly looking at those smaller components of those projects that may still make economic sense. And really, the downstream side of it is really what Steve talked about earlier, and that is clearly a lot of the demand for this 4 Bcf is driven by Mexico exports, LNG exports, as well as growth along the Texas Gulf Coast in the petrochemical market. And we will look for opportunities to expand and extend our Texas intrastate network to support those growth activities.
Jeremy Tonet: So, just to be clear, the 1 to 2 Bs that you talk about, that’s really kind of like downstream of a PHP, and kind of that last mile getting to market, that’s not more getting out of Waha. Is that the right way to think about it?
Tom Martin: That’s more Permian.
Jeremy Tonet: But, it is getting out of Waha?
Tom Martin: Yes.
Jeremy Tonet: Okay. But that’s more…
Tom Martin: Permian to Waha or places in North potentially up on the North mainline of El Paso or up into the Rockies via Trans Colorado. But again, I’ve -- those are, again, not for the bigger quantities anyway, probably not supported by market prices today. But, we’re certainly looking at smaller pieces of that, subsets of that as we get those done.
Steve Kean: And the market may support them in the future as Permian continues to grow and the pipe -- even the pipe capacity that’s getting built, gets filled out.
Jeremy Tonet: And then, just a follow-up real quick, and we were talking about Double H before. If you can expand that, how long would that take to do? Is that kind of a pumping thing that could be done within a year or is this kind of longer term projects in nature?
Steve Kean: On Double H?
Jeremy Tonet: Yes.
Steve Kean: Yes. There is a small remaining expansion to be done, that’s pump station.
Tom Martin: That’s right.
Jeremy Tonet: So, I think a couple of quarters, you could do that if you got commitment?
Tom Martin: Yes. You could do that within 6 to 8 months.
Operator: Thank you. And I show no further questions.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Well, thank you all very much. Hope you’ll tune into the baseball game in a couple of hours. Good night.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Rich Kinder - Executive Chairman of the Board Steve Kean - President, Chief Executive Officer Kimberly Dang - President David Michaels - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Dax Sanders - Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Office Tom Martin - President of the Natural Gas Pipelines Group
Analysts: Colton Bean - Tudor, Pickering, Holt Jeremy Tonet - JPMorgan Jean Ann Salisbury - Bernstein Shneur Gershuni - UBS Tom Abrams - Morgan Stanley Keith Stanley - Wolfe Research Darren Horowitz - Raymond James Tristan Richardson - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Dennis Coleman - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Robert Catellier - CIBC World Markets Christine Cho - Barclays Tom Abrams - Morgan Stanley Douglas Christopher - D. A. Davidson
Operator: Welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's conference [Operator Instructions]. I would like to inform all parties that today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. Thank you. You may begin.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Sheila. Before we begin as usual, I'd like to remind you that today's earnings releases by KMI and KML and this call includes forward-looking and financial outlook statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and applicable Canadian provincial and territorial securities laws, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosures on forward-looking and financial outlook statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of KMI's and KML's earnings releases, and to review our latest filings with the SEC and Canadian provincial and territorial securities commissions for a list of important material assumptions, expectations and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking and financial outlook statements. Before turning the call over to Steve Kean and the team, let me again offer few thoughts regarding what I would term our financial philosophy at Kinder Morgan. As you will hear from David Michaels, our CFO, KMI continues to generate large amounts of cash flow. In the second quarter alone, we generated over $1.1 billion of DCF. And that cash flow was growing with both our DCF and EBITDA increasing substantially for the second quarter compared with the same period in 2017, and in fact on a year-to-date comparison. So we have strong cash flow and it's growing. Cash from management and the board is to make certain of that cash is deployed wisely and productively. As you know, we are doing these things; we're de-levering our balance sheet; we're funding our expansion CapEx with internally generated funds; we have increased our dividend with further announced substantial increases targeted to both 2019 and 2020; and we bought back shares. As stated in our earnings released today, we intend to use KMI’s share of the proceeds from the sale of the Trans Mountain pipeline estimated approximately $2 billion to pay down debt. In my opinion using our cash for any and all of the purposes I've mentioned benefits our shareholders. And we will continue to use that shareholder benefit analysis as the litmus test on how to deploy our future cash flow. Let me just assure you, we will not foolishly waste our most precious asset, which is the cash we generate each and every quarter. Steve?
Steve Kean: As usual, we will be updating you on both KMI and KML this afternoon, I am going to start with a high level update and outlook on KMI then turn it over to our President, Kim Dang, to give you an update on our segment performance. David Michaels, our CFO, will take you through the numbers. Now, I'll give you a high level update on KML and Dax will take you through the numbers and a couple of other topics on KML. And then we'll take your questions on both entities. We had a successful quarter on KMI and KML. Starting with KMI, we are having a very strong year. We are well above plan for the second quarter of the first half of the year. We expect to end the year at or above our plan. Our leverage continues to go down and we are showing 9% improvement year-over-year in DCF per share for the quarter. Just as importantly what's driving much of that improvement is strong underlying fundamentals, particularly in U.S. natural gas where our volumes are up sharply year-over-year due to increasing U.S. supply and demand, including export demand. That drives value on our underlying assets, as well as creating opportunities for projects. We expect those fundamental drivers to continue, and we are benefiting from it in our transportation and our sales business. In addition to being the nation's largest transporter of natural gas, we also own and operate the large collection of storage assets. The improving fundamentals have not yet driven up storage values, but we would expect to see that improve and contribute to our performance as well in the longer term. So, very good underlying operating performance and year-over-year growth. We've been saying for a while now that we want our leverage metric to be at or below 5 times debt to EBITDA. We ended the second quarter at 4.9 times and that obviously is before closing the Trans Mountain sale at KML. Management of the Board view the proceeds KMI receives as a result of that transaction should be applied to further reduced KMI leverage giving us greater financial strength and flexibility. We believe it should also put us well on our way to upgrade [plant]. Getting to where we are today required intense focus by our whole team, focus on our day-to-day operations at maintaining cost and capital discipline without compromising the safety of our operations. It's also the result of improving performance in our business, which Kim will take you through. On May 29th, KML announced that we have agreed to sell the Trans Mountain pipeline and the expansion project for CAD4.5 billion, or approximately $2 billion to KMI shares. We guided to a late Q3 or early Q4 close and agreed with the Canadian government on a restart of planning and construction activity to be funded by government recourse only credit facility. Everything is progressing as we said then. We have obtained some of the required regulatory approvals and we're making progress on the remaining. We have set a KML shareholder meeting date of August 30 and we are still expecting that late Q3 or early Q4 close. We are having a good year. I'll cover the negatives as well on KMI. First, we continue to weigh in on the FERC tax notice of proposed rulemaking. We continue to believe that the impact of that rule, even if it stays in its current form, will be mitigated and spread over time. We still estimate that the tax only impact of the rule is about $100 million annually if fully implemented. As an aside, the NOPR is not on the agenda for the July meeting. We don’t have any special insight into why. We hope the commission will take, and we've been urging the commission to take more time to deliberate because this is a big issue and there clearly have been unintended consequences from it. We think the design of the 501-G form is flawed and will produce uninformative look at the appropriate cost of service for our assets. So if that process goes forward as is, everyone needs to keep that in mind as those forms come out. Second, it’s frustrating to see our strong fundamental economic performance this quarter overshadowed a bit by the impairment of our investment in gathering and processing assets in Oklahoma. These are not bad assets but they are not as well positioned as our other assets, for example, in the Bakken and the Haynesville. And we have better risk-adjusted return opportunities elsewhere in the portfolio, like the opportunities we’re pursuing in the Permian. We will look at the alternatives, appropriate alternatives with respect to these particular assets. Also note that the value of our gathering and processing assets in the Bakken and the Haynesville is improving. But of course, you don’t get to write those assets up. Notwithstanding this non-cash accounting charge, we’re having a very good year on the fundamental economics of our business. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Kim.
Kimberly Dang: Thanks Steve. Overall the segments were up 8% versus the second quarter of ’17, so very strong performance. Natural gas had an outstanding quarter. Transport volumes on our large diameter pipes were up 3.5% Bcf a day that’s 12%, driven by increased supply from the Permian and the DJ and growing demand in the form of exports to Mexico, increased power demand, projects placed in service and some cold weather that occurred early in the quarter. Overall, the higher utilization of our systems, a lot of which came without the need to spend significant capital, resulted in nice bottom line growth in the quarter, and in longer term will drive expansion opportunity if our pipes reach capacity. Gas and crude gathering volumes were up 7% and 19% respectively, driven by higher production in the Bakken and the Haynesville, slightly offset by lower volumes in the Eagle Ford. On the project side, in natural gas, we had a few noteworthy developments during the quarter. Since we discussed Gulf Coast Express in this call last quarter, we’re contracted the 6% of remaining capacity and the pipeline is now 100% subscribed. Right away acquisition is in process with mainline construction anticipated to start in October of this year and in service still anticipated for October of 2019. We announced a letter of intent with EagleClaw and Apache to jointly pursue development of the Permian Highway project, which is an approximately 2 billion 2 DCF project to move volumes from the Permian to the Texas Gulf Coast. Apache and EagleClaw will also be significant shippers on the site if we go forward. Finally, on our Elba liquefaction project, we now anticipate the in-service will be in the fourth quarter of this year, approximately a one quarter delay, but that impact is factored into our meet-or-exceed guidance for the year, which David will take you through. Our CO2 segment benefited from higher crude volumes and higher NGL and CO2 prices. Net crude oil productions are up 4% versus the second quarter of 2017. SACROC volumes are up 6% versus last year and are 6% above planned year-to-date as we continue to find ways to extend the life of this deal. Currently, we’re evaluating transitions and opportunities, as well as off unit opportunities that are adjacent to SACROC where we already own the mineral rights. Tall Cotton volumes were up versus last year but are below budget. For the full year, we anticipate overall crude production to be very close to plan. Our net realized crude price is relatively flat for the quarter despite a higher WTI price as the increase in the Mid-Cush differential offset the increase in the WTI price. For the balance of the year, we have approximately 87% of the Mid-Cush differential debt. The Terminals business was up 3% benefiting from liquids expansion in the Houston Ship Channel and Edmonton, and the new Jones Act tankers that came online in 2017, and better volumes on the both side. These benefits were partially offset by weakness in the north east, particularly at our Staten Island facility that is now subject to New York spill tax, making that facility less economic versus the facilities in New Jersey. Non-core -- divestitures as we have reoriented our business to core hub position and lower charter rates on our existing Jones Act portfolio. Bulk tonnage was up 16% in the quarter, driven primarily by coal and steel. Liquid volume was down -- liquids utilization was down approximately 4% due to Staten Island facility I mentioned earlier. In the product segment, we saw nice performance from our refined products business. Overall, refined product volumes were up 3%, well in excess of the EIA number. Here we benefited from a refinery outage in Salt Lake that positively impacted our volumes of Las Vegas. But even after accounting for that impact, volumes were still nicely above the EIA numbers. On the crude and condensate side, volumes were up 5% as we saw nice volumes in the Bakken due to economic spreads and in the Eagle Ford as shippers work to meet minimum. Finally, on the product side, ethanol volumes were up 10% primarily due to expansion projects on our southeast terminals. And with that, I’ll turn it over to David Michaels to go through the numbers.
David Michaels: All right, thanks Kim. So today, we are declaring a dividend of $0.20 per share, which is consistent with last quarter's declaration, our 2018 budget, as well as the plan that we laid out for investors last July. The annualized $0.80 per share is what we expect to declare for the full year, and would represent 60% increase over the $0.50 per share that we declared for 2017. Importantly, as we noted in our budget, we continue to expect that the substantial cash flow we still -- we continue to expect substantial cash flows in excess of our dividend despite that robust increase year-over-year. As you’ve already heard, KMI had an excellent second quarter. Our performance was well above our budget and last year's second quarter. For the full year, as you’ve already heard, we expect to meet or exceed our DCF budget. With that, I’ll walk through the GAAP financials and then move to the DCF, the distributable cash flow financials, which is the way we primarily evaluate our performance. On our earnings, net loss attributable to common shareholders for the quarter is $180 million or negative $0.08 per share, which is a decrease of $517 million in total and $0.23 per share versus the second quarter of 2017. More than all of that decrease came as a result of after-tax expenses of $647 million, which we categorize as certain items. For those of you who follow us know we define certain items as those items that are recorded in GAAP that are non-cash or occur sporadically, and are not representative of our business’ ongoing cash generating capability. Certain items this quarter were driven by $600 million impairment of certain gathering and processing assets in Oklahoma, which Steve already mentioned. So looking at the earnings, adjusted for those certain items, the $180 million net loss would be a net income of $459 million, which is $155 million or 51% higher than the adjusted earnings of the second quarter of 2017. Adjusted earnings per share is $0.21 or $0.07 and 50% higher than that in the second quarter last year. And moving on to DCF, DCF per share is $0.50, up $0.04 or 9% higher versus the second quarter of 2017. Total DCF of $1,117 million is up $95 million or 9% above last year's quarter. This very nice increase in DCF was driven primarily by the greater contributions from our natural gas and product segments, as well as favorable cash taxes, partially offset by higher G&A costs, interest expense and sustaining capital. Overall, the segments were up 8% or $137 million with natural gas up 11% quarter-over-quarter, contributing $96 million of that total improvement. Natural gas segment benefited in multiple areas; Highland and Kinder Hawk assets were driven by increased volumes from the Bakken and Hanesville; EP&G and NGPL benefited from Permian supply growth; our Texas Intrastate were up on greater volumes and margin; and our TGP asset was up due to expansion in the projects placed in service. The products segment was up $28 million or 10%, driven by greater contributions from Plantation, Cochin in our KMST assets. G&A is higher $11 million due to timing of certain expenses. As you can see, we're about flat from last year on a year-to-date basis. Interest expense is $9 million higher than the second quarter of last year, driven by higher interest rates, which are more than offsetting the benefit of a lower balance. Income attributable to non-controlling interest is higher by $13 million when you add the NCI change with the change in the NCI share of certain items, and that was driven by the IPO of our Canadian assets last May. Cash taxes are a benefit of $15 million, driven by lower taxes due to the tax reform benefiting our subsidiary cash taxpayers. Sustaining capital was approximately $7 million higher than the second quarter of last year. We budgeted for this, we’ve budgeted for sustaining capital for 2018 to be higher than 2017. And we're actually running a bit favorable relative to plan year-to-date, so that is expected to be offset by higher capital spending in the second half of the year. So to summarize, the segments are up $137 million, offset by the $13 million for non-controlling interest. Cash taxes are favorable by $15 million, offset by $11 million of higher G&A costs and $16 million of the combined increase in interest expense and sustaining capital. Those items altogether sum to $112 million increase in DCF versus $95 million on the page, but there are other moving pieces but that gets you the big picture. 2018 is shaping up to be a very good year. We expect DCF for the full year to meet or exceed our budget, driven by better than planned performance from our natural gas and CO2 segments, lower cash taxes and lower G&A costs, somewhat offset by the sale of our Trans Mountain assets, which we expect to close later this year. Higher interest expenses due again to the higher LIBOR rates and lower performance in our liquids terminals business, primarily in the northeast. And one final note, the natural gas is -- while natural gas is ahead of plan year-to-date and is expected to finish the year ahead of plan, the segment expects to be impacted relative to budget in the second half of the year by the delayed in service of our Elba Island LNG project, which Kim mentioned. Moving on to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter at 4.9 times debt to that EBITDA, which is a nice improvement from last quarter and year end, which were both at 5.1 times. This quarter’s metric was benefit some by timing as we expect greater spend in the second half relative to the first. However, we anticipate that greater spend will be more than offset by the impact from the close of Trans Mountain sale. Excluding the impact from the Trans Mountain sale, we would expect to end the year below our budget of 5.1 times. Net debt ended the quarter at 36.6 billion and that includes the 50% share of the KML preferred equity that’s $11 million lower than year end and $342 million lower than the end of the first quarter. To reconcile the quarter change, the $342 million lower net debt; we generated $1,117 million of distributable cash flow; we paid out $621 million of growth capital and contributions to our joint ventures; we paid out $442 million of dividend; and we had a working capital source of cash of $288 million, the largest item of which is accrued interest and that reconciles to the $342 million reduction in debt for the quarter. From year end, the $11 million lower net debt to reconcile that we generated $2,364 million of distributable cash flow; we paid out $1,266 million in growth capital and contributions to our joint ventures; and paid $719 million in dividend; we repurchased 250 million of shares in the first quarter; and we had a working capital use of cash of $118 million, mostly due to bonus property tax payment in first quarter. And with that, I’ll turn it back to Steve.
Steve Kean: So turning to KML and the big news during the quarter of course is the $4.5 million Canadian Trans Mountain sale transaction. As we said at the time of the announcement, the sales price amounts to about CAD12 per KML share. And on top of that, we have a strong set of remaining midstream assets in an entity with very limited debt and with opportunities for continued investment and expansion, as well as the potential for a strategic combination. We are laser focused right now on closing this transaction and that process is going well. The KML board will be reviewing the use of proceeds alternatives and will provide further guidance on that as we advance the transaction to close. Again also consistent with what we said the day we announced the transaction. As pointed out in the release, while all options are on the table, we generally don't view it as attractive to KML shareholders for us to sit on a big pile of cash while management hunts around for a transaction to use it on. So we are strongly indicating there I think that we’re going to look for the best alternative for KML shareholders and that's what we’re going to work through with the KML board. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Dax to take you through the numbers and couple of other topics.
Dax Sanders: Thanks Steve. Before I get into the results, I want to make a few general comments around KML. At this point, we expect to sale Tran Mountain -- as we said, we’ll close at the end of the third quarter beginning in the fourth, following the necessary regulatory approvals. The transaction will obviously result in significant proceeds of approximately $4.2 billion after tax, and we will update you on how we plan to use those proceeds following the KML shareholder meeting to approve the transaction. As we said in the press release, given that we’re divesting of a material piece of KML, we’re retracting the previous guidance that we provided and we’ll provide an updated guidance, including more granular information on the earnings power of remaining assets around the time the transaction close. With respect to the future of KML, while the primary reason we setup KML which was to be a standalone entity for funding TMX, is no longer relevant, KML will remain a viable company after the sale of TM closes as residual assets are strong fee based assets. Having said that, the KML Board will be evaluating all of the options for KML and all of the options are on the table. Now moving towards results. Today, the KML Board declared a dividend for the second quarter of $0.1625 per restricted voting share or $0.65 annualized, which is consistent with our budget and previous guidance. Earnings per restricted voting share for the third quarter of 2018 are approximately $0.02, derived from approximately $13.7 million net income, which is down approximately $1.4 million or 45% versus the same quarter in '17. Stronger revenue associated with the Base Line Tank and Terminal assets coming online, incremental equity at AEDC associated with Trans Mountain spending and a one-time gain associated with the sale of a small asset was offset by incremental interest expense resulting from write off of unamortized cost associated with the canceled Trans Mountain construction facility. In addition in the second quarter of 2017, we recognized foreign exchange loss associated with the intercompany loans that were settled at the time of the IPO such as the loss does not recur in 2018. Adjusted earnings which excludes certain items, were approximately $54 million compared to approximately $36 million in the second quarter of 2017. During the second quarter, there were three certain products; the first was the $60 million write-off of the unamortized issuance cost for the cancelled Trans Mountain construction facility that I mentioned; the second was roughly $3 million of expenses associated with Trans Mountain sale; and the third was $9 million gain associated with the sales of small assets that I mentioned. Total DCF for the quarter is $91.8 million, which is up $12.4 million from the comparable period in 2017, but unfavorable to our budget by approximately $7 million. That provides coverage of approximately $10 million and reflects a DCF payout ratio of approximately 63%. The primary reason for the negative variance of budget was that we actually budgeted for the gain on the sale of the assets that I mentioned, and that was treated as a certain item. While we normally don’t budget for certain items, we did budget for this gain. However, after we achieved the gain, we decided that given one-time nature of the transaction, which is treated as certain item excluding the DCF. Looking at the components of the DCF variance. segment EBITDA before certain items is up $19.6 million compared to Q2 2017 with the pipeline segment up approximately $14.7 million, and the Terminal segment up approximately $4.9 million. The pipeline segment was higher, primarily due to higher AEDC associated with spending on the project and slightly favorable O&M. The Terminal segment was higher, primarily due to the Base Line Tank and Terminal project assets coming into service and higher contract revenues and renewals at the North [Line] terminal. On the Base Line Terminal project, we placed six of the 12 tanks into service during the first and second quarter. We expect that four of the remaining tanks will go into service in the third quarter with the final two coming in the fourth quarter. G&A is higher by $3.3 million due primarily to higher costs associated with being a public company. Lower interest costs and higher preferred dividends largely offset each other. Sustaining capital was unfavorable by approximately $1.8 million compared to 2017 with higher spending on Trans Mountain, offset by lower spending in the terminals. Cash taxes increased by $1.5 million over the same quarter of 2017. We were not required to make estimated cash tax payments in 2017, but did make payment into Q2 meaningfully. With that, I will move onto the balance sheet comparing the year end 2017 to 6/30. Cash decreased approximately $12 million, which is due to $144 million of DCF, excluding AEDC’s of $25 million which is non-cash plus $247 million of net borrowing proceeds plus $4 million of working capital other source of cash, offset by $322 million of cash paid for expansion capital and $85 million of distributions net for proceeds. Other current assets increased approximately $26 million, primarily due to an increase in prepaid property tax associated with mid-year payments. PP&E increased $357 million, primarily due to spending on the expansion project. Deferred charges and other assets decreased approximately $60 million as a result of write-off of the unamortized debt issuance costs associated with facility that I mentioned. On the right hand side of the balance sheet, total debt increased from zero to $247 million with the $247 million being sum of the approximately $115 million and $132 million line items you see. The approximately $133 million is the balance of the new $500 million working capital facility that replaced the canceled TMEP construction and working capital facility and represents debt that will stay with KML following the closing of the transaction. The approximately $115 million is the balance on the facility that we put in place with Government of Canada upon construction of the project and on the government’s behalf for May 31st until the transaction close. The debt will go with the asset to the Government of Canada without purchase price adjustment. In other words, KML will not be responsible for repayment of this debt. Other current liabilities increased by almost $62 million, primarily due to an increase in TM expansion approvals as well as income taxes payable. Other long-term liabilities increased by approximately $36 million, primarily due to the receipt of [Western] stock premiums from shippers.
,: And with that, I’ll turn it over to Steve.
Steve Kean: All right, thanks. And with that, we’ll open up the line to questions on both KMI and KML.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Colton Bean with Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Your line is open.
Colton Bean: So just to follow up on the comments around KML there. So following the close of the Trans Mountain sale, you’ve highlighted the possibility of being acquisitive in the Canadian market. Given some of the recent deals and valuations we’ve seen though, would you consider further divestitures if the interest is there?
Steve Kean: Yes. We’ll look. We will look at, again, all of the options. I mean, when you’re talking specifically about M&A, I think there are couple of considerations. Number one, this is an attractive set of midstream assets and it does fit well with other entities. Number two, we’re coming out of this with very limited debt on the balance sheet, which gives us capacity even with a distribution of the proceeds. When you say divestitures that -- an asset divestiture, probably doesn’t make sense from a tax standpoint, probably doesn't make sense from a business integration standpoint. We’ve got a good set of relatively integrated assets remaining with the KML entity. But we’ll look at all of the alternatives and including strategic combination.
Colton Bean: Let me get to switching gears to the Permian Highway. So on PHP, the base design calls for a 42-inch pipeline. You also noted the possibility for 48-inch line. We’ve seen some projects propose with a similar diameter with up to 5 Bcf day of capacity. Are there any physical limitations that would prevent that level of compression on PHP, or is it more a question on commercial support?
Steve Kean: I don’t know how you get to 5 Bcf on a 48-inch, it’s pretty powered up -- 48-inch fully powered up, 48-inch is about 2.7 roughly. That might be not -- so I’m not clear what context that’s in. but look I think on PHP, the customer sign ups and customer interest has been coming very fast. And when you think about -- it's just the fourth quarter last year that we signed up a two Bcf pipeline project going from the Permian to our Texas Intrastate system, and now we’re in advanced stages on a second one of similar potentially larger size. It’s really incredible and I think speaks to two things; one is the robust growth and the production out of the Permian; but secondly, the value of our downstream network in terms of giving customers good alternatives to get their gas to Houston market, power demand, petrochemical as well as LNG and Mexico exports. So we’re proceeding on that, we didn’t put it in the backlog, we’re not ready to FID. But we think sometime in this current quarter that we’re in right now, we could have more to say about that.
Colton Bean: And so the 2.7 area. Is there any work that you’d have to do on the downstream side of this, thinking more so along the Gulf Coast as you’re connecting into the legacy system?
Steve Kean: Yes, there is some. It brings a lot of gas into the network. And so there is some downstream debottlenecking that would take place to make sure that we get that gas dished off to valuable markets.
Colton Bean: I guess just one last one here. So you highlighted incremental capacity sales for the Permian systems. Are you seeing any pricing power with regard to negotiated rates on either KM Texas or maybe El Paso as legacy contracts roll off there?
Steve Kean: Yes, one important distinction here, so our Texas Intrastate system is not a FERC regulated asset, that’s important to know. And I think we are generally doing -- I'll turn it over to Tom to answer on the intrastate pipelines, generally doing negotiated rate transactions.
Tom Martin: Negotiated rate transactions and really I think we’re seeing, both on EPNG, NGPL as well, opportunities to -- have very very attractive negotiated rate deals for at least the two to three year period. So some of these other projects, where projects come in to service and in some instances longer term than that, so lot of demand for capacity to get out of the Permian.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Jeremy Tonet: Just continuing with the Permian here, and just want to check. Is there any opportunities left in EPNG, NGPL, Texas Intrastate kind of squeeze out any other incremental capacity? Or you guys fully tapped out on that side?
Steve Kean: We’re continuing to expand on all three of those systems. We’ve been doing some external and we are looking at others as well.
Jeremy Tonet: I guess how much -- how big these deals, are they small or could that be notable that some -- it looks like there is some big constrains coming up. And I’m just wondering how much opportunity there?
Steve Kean: So Jeremy, starting with Texas, that’s the biggest piece, because if you look at the overall U.S. market, the higher value market is on the Texas Gulf Coast now. And putting aside New England for a moment, I mean, in terms of just the absolute basis differentials, you have a depressed price in the Permian in West Texas and you have a very strong price in the Houston Ship Channel, because that’s -- Houston Ship Channel as well as the rest of the Gulf Coast, because that’s where all the incremental demand is. So all the gas, including gas from the Northeast, including gas down the Gulf Coast line of NGPL, including gas on brand new build pipelines that Tom and his team are working on they’re trying to get to our system and others in the Texas Gulf Coast. And so the biggest chunk by far is the 2 Bcf project that we are actively building as well as 2.7 Bcf project that we've got in advance development.
Jeremy Tonet: It seems like you’ve been ahead of those pipelines coming online there could be big bottlenecks, I don’t know if it’s like 100 mcf or is bigger or smaller. Just trying to feel like how much we could see there, because there is concern that the production of gas in West Texas, if there’s not enough takeaway that could impede production growth rate?
Steve Kean: Yes, there continue to be bottlenecks and the infrastructure is trying to catch up to that now. And if you look at long-term within all these projections, they’re going to be subject to debate. But if you look at long-term projection, there is a long-term protection for a continued strong basis between the Permian and the Houston Ship Channel, and that's a consequence of just expected continued growth in oil and associated gas production. So we’re trying to help our customers by de-bottlenecking those constraints a bit, but the growth in production continues to make those constraints and those differentials fairly persistent, which is a good thing for a company and the business that’s moving the stuff from place-to-place. And it’s also a good thing that we have, essentially with our assets, we lap the part of the market that's really growing in terms of demand on the Texas Gulf Coast and even Louisiana.
Jeremy Tonet: And then I guess just looking at the balance sheet, and if you are able to get $2 billion of cash move from KML to KMI what type of target leverage are you looking for? You said you could be on uplift for upgrade there. Would you look to buy back bonds or keep cash in the balance sheet for projects? And how does this play into the buyback program, how much have you executed there?
Steve Kean: Yes, I think what we’re telling you, of all the alternatives that Rich has talked about in terms of the use of cash, we’re trying to give you some guidance here that we think the best use of that is as particular instances to further de-lever, to further reduce our leverage. And so that's what we intend to do and that’s what we’re telling you today.
Jeremy Tonet: So do you have…
Steve Kean: As opposed to buybacks or something else.
Jeremy Tonet: Do you have a targeted leverage ratio that you’re looking to get to at this point? And is there room still left on your authorized buyback program?
Kimberly Dang: Jeremy, KML hasn’t said exactly what it’s going to do with the proceeds. You’ve heard today that Steve said that we don’t think it’s a good idea to set our cash in expectation of a hypothetical acquisition. So we’re waiting on KML’s decision. KMI has said, once we receive whatever proceeds we receive, we’re going to use to pay down debt. And so I think there is -- once we have the answer to that, we will update you to the extent that we change any of our leverage metrics at that time. Today, we are not changing our 5 times or better leverage metrics.
Rich Kinder: And obviously it doesn’t take a genius to figure out that if you are reducing your debt by $2 billion or something in that range, that will have a material impact on the ratio.
Kimberly Dang: It would be well below 5 times?
Rich Kinder: It would be well below 5 times and at that time is when we would share any resulting targets.
Jeremy Tonet: And one last one if I could, the ENI arbitration ruling. Is that an NPV neutral event for you guys, or any more color you can share there?
Steve Kean: Not a lot more color than what we have in the press release. It's under a confidentiality arrangement. For disclosure purposes we can state essentially what we've stated here, which is that we had a result, the result was termination of the contract but also substantial cash award to Gulf LNG.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jean Ann Salisbury with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Just a couple from me, the first one is I've had a number of clients with concerns about your Permian Highway Pipeline partners’ ability to fund their share of the project. Could this be a possible show stopper, or would Kinder Morgan be willing to take a larger share if it came to that assuming the customer contracts were there?
Steve Kean: It's an attractive project to us and so we would take a larger share of that [indiscernible] an issue, we don't expect it to be an issue though.
Jean Ann Salisbury: And then now that your debt is below 5x and U.S. oil prices and production have recovered, it seems like there's more room than in the past to sell non-core assets and reshape your portfolio a bit. When you look at your asset base, do you see a benefit in trimming in some areas where you don't have a huge presence? Are you pretty happy with your portfolio as is and perhaps even view the diversity as a benefit?
Steve Kean: Generally, very happy with the portfolio that we have. We do continue to look at those things, so where they make sense. And John and his team in terminals have, over a couple of years, they've pruned the assets to get his business lined up more towards the things that are the real hub positions, as well as really strong positions in the bulk business. Tom has done a bit of that too, mentioned Oklahoma G&P that's not necessarily divesture for a JV or other alternatives we'll look at there, so we'll continue to look at it.
Jean Ann Salisbury: So may be a bit about around the edges, but not a strong desire for changes?
Steve Kean: I think that's fair.
Operator: The next question comes from Shneur Gershuni with UBS. Your line is open.
Shneur Gershuni: Just a couple of questions and some of them are re-asking some of the other questions that have been previously asked, but first just starting with the TMX proceeds. So you clearly outlined that you're going to pay down debt, that's the first priority right now. Given the fact that a chunky pay down of debt, but as you said you know, it would be materially below. When we think about 2019, 2020 and so forth, in a scenario where operating cash flows after fully funding CapEx and the dividend, in the past I think in your analyst day this year, you had said I think it was $565 million was available to buy back shares. Would that be the approach that you would take between ’19 and beyond that if there's cash available after funding CapEx and dividends out of operating cash flow that you would then direct it towards that? Or would you still want to get meaningfully below the chunky pay down of debt that you're indicating right now?
Steve Kean: I don't know what you mean by chunky pay down paying down debt is paying down debt, Shneur. So once we have reached our targeted level of debt, which as Kim said we will share with you, once the distribution of proceeds is finalized then I think we can give you a clear roadmap to where we’ll be in the future. But our thought on this is we’re de-levering, we’re strengthening the overall portfolio of the Company in that respect. And as I said in my opening remarks, that still gives us the opportunity to do all these other things, all of which benefit the shareholders. We’ve already plugged in and anticipated substantial additional increase in dividend. We bought back 500 million worth of stock. We can do more of either one of those. And obviously, we will continue to fund our expansion CapEx internally. So it just gives us a lot more runway I think on a going forward basis, which we can share with you after that distribution is made.
Shneur Gershuni: And so maybe two follow-up questions, first one follow-up on the Permian infrastructure. You sounded like you have some de-bottlenecking opportunities, and it sounds like some compression here and there and so forth that can give a couple hundred [indiscernible] day of new capacity. But at the same time, the plan is to bring on cost [down] [ph] you expressed here, you’re talking about potentially PHP. I mean, how do you balance between spending capital to debottleneck for what would be addressing a short-term issue versus cannibalizing a longer-term issue. Can we expect that these types of debottlenecking capital projects have a much lower multiple in terms of expected returns? I am just trying to understand how you balance those types of items.
Steve Kean: Yes, those are very -- they're very attractive returns, but we don't -- we do both. And I think the other thing that came up in our opening remarks but I want to emphasize here is the value that having that increased production and really the increase in supply and demand that we’re seeing across our network what that does to our existing system. So even without expansion, [without] [ph] deploying capital, even small capital investments, we’re seeing the value of existing capacity improve and increase. People used to move on EPNG to the hub for free, and then aggregated for a downstream move. Now, those little bits of capacities are all valuable and we’re getting value for them. And so it’s small projects like you say that are often done at very attractive multiple. It's bigger projects like Gulf Coast Express that are done at also attractive returns, but clearly not the multiple you can get for some of the smaller capital projects. But it's also an uplift to the value of our existing network.
Kimberly Dang: And just one follow-up on that, to the extent that it is a short-term opportunity, because those volumes will ultimately move on Gulf Coast Express or on Permian Highway, we're taking that into account in our economics that we run to the extent that the short-term opportunities require capital. As Steve said, they don’t always require capital.
Shneur Gershuni: So, just to paraphrase, effectively these short-term projects are high return projects but you also get operating leverage downstream from those projects, which I assume you would also have operating leverage once Gulf Coast Express and PHP come online. Is that the right way to characterize it?
Steve Kean: Yes, I think that's fair.
Shneur Gershuni: And one final question, just a follow-up on the pruning of assets. When you think about even what has traditionally been labeled as core. Are there any plans or any thoughts to further evaluate all of your segments? CO2 has always been one that investors have wondered. If that’s something that you're committed to a longer-term basis, has anything changed as you’ve gone through this evolution over the last two to three years?
Steve Kean: CO2 is a good business for us. We have a scarce resource in the CO2 itself. We’ve got the infrastructure to get that to enhance oil recovery fields. We own the enhanced oil recovery fields. We also do for third party sales for CO2. And we've got a good EOR team that knows how to turn that CO2 into high returns for the capital that we deploy there. We are shareholder driven company and whether it’s little things or big things, we’re going to look at what the best alternative and outcome is for our shareholders. But I think all of those things make this a business that we are happy to hold.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Abrams with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Tom Abrams: I just wanted to make sure I understood the Canadian thought process, because if the money stays at KML, it improves your balance sheet. If it’s the dividend to you it improves your balance sheet. The part of the uncertainty is if it’s used to make an acquisition then that that impacts your targeting or your debt level, if you will. And so without knowing what you're going to do with proceeds, if you’re going to go joint venture or not or something like that, you really can't indicate what your overall debt level is going to be. Is that about right?
Steve Kean: Well, no, not exactly. So Tom, the concerns you have about well, if the cash is diverted into an acquisition, I think you have to think about that as that’s very rare. And the other thing is because corporate transactions, you can't project them and you can't predict them, they come together if they come together only when a lot of factors come together. And that’s why we’re saying what we’re saying. We don’t think that shareholders, KML shareholders, appreciate management just sitting on the cash and saying, wait for me to do something with it as opposed to having the cash in hand so that they can do something with it. But as we said all options are on the table, we’re going to talk to the KML Board about it and think about the best strategic alternatives, as well as the best way to use proceeds. This is a significant amount of money. This is a great problem to have. It's $12 per share for KML and we want to make sure that we handle that, and KML wants to make sure that it gets handled in the best way for our shareholders. We’re going to take some time to think, for example, about tax impacts on the shareholders who would receive cash or receive it in the form of buybacks, for example. There are some differences there. We want to understand those. And it’s a big piece of this company, so we want to be thoughtful about it. But the good news and the very good news is that we’ve got a transaction that once we close it provides a substantial amount of cash and we’ve got a very good problem to have which is what’s the best way to deploy it.
Tom Abrams: Couple of other questions real quick ones. First, any steel tariff issues slowing procurement, slowing timelines on projects?
Steve Kean: I think we’re in good shape on Gulf Coast Express. And steel is something that we’re looking very closely at and we will be working very hard on, making sure that we've got adequate sources of pipe for the 42 and the 48 inch. And there is a distinction between those two diameters. There are fewer suppliers for the 48 than the 42, and normally this would not be a consideration. But the steel tariffs are enough to make us spend some extra time to make sure that we’ve got a clear supply chain that gets that pipe to us at a predictable price and on time. And so it has an effect, it’s created uncertainty, there is no question about it. And so it's an uncertainty that we are actively managing and working on. But we're in good shape on Gulf Coast Express.
Tom Abrams: And then I wanted to ask about this Jupiter crude project and they're advertising you as one of their benefits, because of connectivity to Corpus and Houston, as they had [head] [ph] down the Brownsville. But they're also looking for a joint venture partner. And I was wondering if that project appeals to you at all?
Steve Kean: It's not one that we've talked about or thought about.
Tom Abrams: And then the last question is on the terminalling in New York. Is that something that's going to linger for the next couple of quarters at least? I think that continue to run off, if you will, and you won't have -- am asking if you’ll have offsets to for instance new tankers coming into the fleet or better volume somewhere else…
Steve Kean: We have the Base Line project that will be coming on, but yes, it will be lingering of our 3.6 million barrels that are unutilized right now. 900,000 is just tanks that are out for repair and API inspection, leaves you 2.8 left. 2 million of that is in Staten Island, and [indiscernible] associated with a steel tax issue that was implemented a couple of years ago that they rescinded the ability to have a rebate on. And so that has created a hole in our ability to release the tank. We are 100% utilized in Houston. We're 100% utilized in Edmonton, Vancouver and in other locations. But we do have an issue at Staten Island that will linger on until we can get that resolved.
Kimberly Dang: And that's taken into account in our guidance for the full year of when we say that we’ll meet or exceed [indiscernible].
Operator: The next question comes from Keith Stanley with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Keith Stanley: On KML, are there any hurdles or concerns or tax issues that KMI would face, if they elected to [indiscernible] KML in once the sale is completed? Or is that a relatively straightforward thing to do if you went that route?
Steve Kean: I don't think there are any incremental complications associated with it. So I don't think there would be. And again, I think just to highlight what we said, all options are on the table.
Keith Stanley: Back to KMI, any material additions to the growth backlog during the quarter?
Steve Kean: The growth backlog was roughly flat when you look at projects added and projects placed in service. And again, that's without obviously the Trans Mountain change. But we continue to find good opportunities and work on good -- and obviously, it does not include Permian, the Permian Highway Pipeline project. We continue to find good opportunities in gas, some incremental opportunities in CO2 and some small expansion opportunities in our refined products in liquids terminals business.
Keith Stanley: And one last quick clarification, just when you say you’re in good shape on GCX on the steel tariffs, do you have an exemption request out I think for the pipes for that project?
Steve Kean: We do, and we have an arrangement with our supplier that will resolve our ability to continue to get the pipe. And so that's why I say, I think we're going to be all right on the pipeline of GCX. We got domestic suppliers as well as -- it's actually more than half domestic produced pipe for GCX. And then I think we're going to be able to get -- we are getting the pipe from the foreign supplier.
Operator: The next question comes from Darren Horowitz with Raymond James. Your line is open. 
Darren Horowitz: Steve, I just want to go back to the Permian Highway real quick. You mentioned the operating leverage downstream of the pipe. We can all see the opportunity either at Katy, or Agua Dulce, or Coastal Bend or even in the Tejas but from your perspective, what's the best ROIC for you to physically take those hydrocarbons beyond those points, those receipt points or delivery points to provide even a further increase net back to customers over the long-term? And then as you guys think about capacity commitments on that line, recognizing the intrastate asset systems over 7 Bcf, you got over 130 Bcf of storage connecting between this and possibly GCX. How much capacity on PHP do you want to have just for the Texas Intrastate business under the scenario like you said theoretically basis should be wider for longer?
Steve Kean: So first of all, when we make the arrangements with our customers, they get downstream connectivity with that deal. Now, downstream connectivity is on our network. And so I think the right way to think about that Darren is we’ve got about 5 Bcf a day system there today. And with Gulf Coast Express, we're bringing another 2 to it. And with Permian Highway potentially another 2 on top of that or potentially more coming into that system, and demand growing to soak it up. And so that puts us right at the center of the traffic between the biggest growing supply resource and the fastest growing market. And that's a good place to be in terms of enhancing our transportation values, our opportunity to purchase gas. And we do have some purchased gas on Gulf Coast Express to feed our sales business there and as well as on storage. So it’s just a good -- it’s a very good position for us to be in.
Darren Horowitz: Steve, when you guys look at the amount of Permian supply growth converging on Waha and the impact to basis beyond an upscale Permian Highway and GCX, how much incremental pipe capacity do you think is necessary to keep pace with supply growth?
Steve Kean: If you look at the projections in the Permian, there's still more to come. And what the best ways are to debottleneck and versus new build I think still remains to be seen. And are people really willing yet to sign up for long-term commitments that would fully commit a third pipeline, it's unclear. But right now, we've got a pretty good looking opportunity on a second pipeline for us out of the Permian.
Operator: The next question comes from Tristan Richardson with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Tristan Richardson: Just a question on the strong performance in midstream. Can you talk about new project so far this year up north in the Bakken and prospects for further capacity additions there?
Steve Kean: Yes, we have a lot of, I think $300 million worth of projects up in the Bakken that expand our gathering system up there, both crude and gas, looking at other opportunities to grow with our major producer there Continental. And I think longer term, and there is likely to be a need to have a residue outlet on the transmission site, which we are certainly trying to take a look at that as well. So a lot of growth, a lot of opportunity up there and we feel really good about our position.
Tristan Richardson: And then just one small clarification on the PH project as you guys firm up the potential scope there. The timing you guys have talked about, is that independent of the diameter you end up choosing?
Steve Kean: Yes, it’s about a year later essentially than Gulf Coast Express, so fourth quarter of 2020.
Operator: The next question comes from Dennis Coleman with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Dennis Coleman: A few really just follow-ups, starting with PHP. As you move the project forward, it sounds like we can expect to hear something maybe pretty quickly, moving I guess towards FID. Is that what I'm hearing?
Steve Kean: Yes, it looks like it's coming together in Q3. Now, as always, it comes with a caveat that sometimes we’re dependent upon -- the customer is going to get some - a Board authorization or something else. And so sometimes those schedules can drift on us. But in terms of the demand and the seriousness of the demand, it's coming together fairly quickly in the quarter that we’re sitting in.
Dennis Coleman: And in terms of other shippers coming onto the line. Are they also chunky shippers like your anchors where they might be asking for participation, is that a possibility?
Steve Kean: Potentially, there is some still -- there's a very big chunk still out there to get. And we would look at each of those deals individually, just like we do right now. I mean, we like own and operating this project, as well as Gulf Coast Express but on the right terms, we would consider it as we did.
Dennis Coleman: I guess, if I can shift to KML again and just make sure I'm again understanding all the things you’re trying to convey here. When you say you’re looking at all options and then you say also that the assets fit as a unit and would fit with other entities, I can't help but think, an outright sale could be possible and maybe if it were, sounds like there would be an all or nothing kind of thing. Is that an accurate interpretation of some of the messaging?
Steve Kean: All options are on the table.
Dennis Coleman: But if it were -- or I guess maybe just asking it in different way. Are you seeing incoming interest on the assets?
Steve Kean: Yes, all options are on the table. I think we’re going to stick with that. Look, I think you can look around at that sector and there are some natural fits…
Dennis Coleman: And there’s some transactions there as well…
Steve Kean: Yes, and there are some natural fits and this is a good set of assets. And there are people who are going to be attracted to it and there are people whose assets are going to be attractive to this. And that’s why -- and we’re going to get expertly advised for the KML Board on that.
Dennis Coleman: And then lastly, I guess I can't resist the credit rating question. It sounds like you’re optimistic working towards an upgrade. And any comments you might make there on timing and conversations with the rating agencies?
Steve Kean: We have regular conversations with the agencies. We had some conversations in advance of this call, and we’ll have some after the call. We think with what we’re disclosing here, we should be poised for everything eligible for an upgrade but don’t want to put anything ahead of the agency. So we’ll be talking to them in the coming days.
Dennis Coleman: And then I do just have one last one. On the FERC, you've made some comments there that there’s nothing on the July agenda. But after that then obviously we’re about to lose a commissioner. Any thoughts on that in terms of your projects that that might need FERC review, or just -- also just on implementation of what they did in March?
Steve Kean: So first on the projects, don’t see that as an issue, they’ll still have a quorum. And one thing you’ve really got to say about this commission is they -- once they got the quorum in place last year, they really started processing things and moving things along very effectively and caught up on their backlog and all of that. So I think that’s all positive and we’d expect that that would continue. On what it means for the tax number, we don’t know. I think, there were as we said unintended consequences there and this is a big thing. And so we would hope that they would spend a little more time deliberating about this rather than rushing it through. And I think that would be good for the overall success of what they’re trying to do, but I think that would also be good for the companies under their jurisdiction. And it’s not just us, a lot of companies urging them to do that and also urging them to fix some of the things that are in the NOPR as it is proposed right now. But we’ll have a strategy for if it stays the way it is and we’ll have a strategy for if it changes, or we’ll work for it to change. But in either case, we expect its effect as we’ve said all along to be mitigated and spread over time.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Catellier with CIBC. Your line is open.
Robert Catellier: I just had a couple of questions on KMI, and I think I’d like the start with credit. I just want to understand what the pro forma company’s credit profile will be. It looks like you have new $500 million credit facility but that might expire upon the sale of Trans Mountain. So if that’s the case, what access to credit will you have pro forma?
David Michaels: We would put another one facility in place. As I said, the government [indiscernible] will go across -- clearly, we’ll have working capital needs. And so we’ll put in a facility in place after closing and obviously the press that are out [indiscernible] as well.
Robert Catellier: And then just going back to the question about what happens upon closing. How would you weigh keeping KML as a public company, now that its original intended purpose has changed, [or still not relevant] [ph] versus the advantages of simplifying the corporate structure?
Steve Kean: I mean, keeping KML as a public company is absolutely one of the options. I mean, it’s smaller clearly, as you know, but it’s certainly strong enough to stand on its own. And it’s a good business and we’ve got good operations. It’s a business that we understand, and John and his team can get the most out of. We’ve got a couple of expansion opportunities we’re working on. I mean, this very -- that’s very much an option for us. And so it is one of the options on the table.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Kwan with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Robert Kwan: So it's clear you want to upstream the cash that you're going to get on the sale up to KMI. And I’m just wondering though if that happens, is it definitive from your side that the cash would also be paid out on restricted voters? Or do you see a potential scenario where KMI gets the cash but the cash is held say, for restrictive voters but not paid out?
Steve Kean: No, the way that structure works is both sets of shareholders are treated precisely the same, precisely the same.
Robert Kwan: Just turning to guidance, understandably, you’re withdrawing it to sort all the time issues. But if you just drill down to the underlying assets, terminals, Cochin. Has anything changed in terms of tracking against the original guidance for those assets specifically?
Steve Kean: Robert, what I would say is there should be a meaningful change based on what we walk you through since the IPO with residual assets. But if you can appreciate, we're obviously divesting half of the Company the majority of employees, including a lot of the shared services that employees are going we've got a cost allocation methodology that’s going. So we're happy to reconstitute the expense structure and everything. But again, we wouldn't expect that there is a meaningful change in the overall earnings power of the assets, first thing.
Robert Kwan: And just a last question related to that, there was a reference and you’re withdrawing things like EBITDA and DCF guidance, but also the expected to clear dividends. Is that just because you're contemplating a potential special? Or maybe on the other side, if the residual assets become the going concern, is there potentially you decide to right-size the dividend just for what you got that’s remaining?
Steve Kean: Yes, I think we will put that in the bucket and we'll decide what we’re going to do and update guidance at the time once we made the decision.
Operator: The next question comes from Christine Cho with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Christine Cho: So I have some housekeeping questions. You guys talked earlier in Q&A about some slack capacity in Staten Island until there is a resolution. Can you just get into what the potential resolutions are?
Rich Kinder: There is a number of resolutions from [indiscernible] to leasing it out to specific customer to shutting it down and we're evaluating all of those. It has a very small earnings impact overall, but it does have a meaningful impact on utilization.
Christine Cho: And then what drove the one quarter delay in [indiscernible] and should we assume that all subsequent trains are delayed by the same timing?
Rich Kinder: First of all, there’s some context here. So train one, once there’s 10 trains total, train one, once it's in service attracts about 70% of the revenue. And so there is -- all I’m saying Christine is there is a little bit -- it's a little bit less of an issue for the subsequent trains. But we still expect in Q3 of 2019 to be done with the entire project. The reason for the delay right now is multifactored. I mean, there was a delay in getting the units assembled and then delivered to the site. And we had some construction delays as well. We've been active in our involvement with our EPC contractor who has also been active in trying to address those. And we think we have the issues identified and enhanced, but it works -- we definitely are experiencing one quarter delay. So we still expect to get this done. It's under budget. We’ve got contingency remaining. It's still going to be a very economic project for us and our partners. But we have had this one quarter delay.
Christine Cho: And then can you remind us, for the unhedged portion of your crude production and CO2. Is that fully exposed to the Midland basin?
Kimberly Dang: No, in 2018, we have 87% of the Mid-Cush spread hedged.
Christine Cho: And then the 13% is not?
Kimberly Dang: And then the 13% of Mid-Cush is not, right.
Christine Cho: And then last question, in the event that you -- it sounds like you guys are in okay shape for Gulf Coast Express. But in the event that you don’t get a waiver for this deal for the Permian Highway Pipeline. Should we think that the pipeline eats the cost, or is the tariff going to be adjusted? How should we think about that?
Steve Kean: Yes, first of all, it's not necessarily seeking a waiver in order to do it. It's really more for making a decision about where we’re going to get the pipe and making sure we’ve got a clear path to get it, not relying on a state department waiver of our ability to get the pipe or get this deal for that. We are working on making sure that our cost estimate is adequate and to make sure that we’re fully protected. It is a competitive market though and so there is some limit on the ability to try to negotiate a pass through arrangement with shippers.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Abrams with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Tom Abrams: I just wanted to suggest that if you do close down Staten Island, I think that place could use a really massive water park.
Steve Kean: We’ll take that into consideration…
Rich Kinder: Yes, duly noted…
Tom Abrams: But I wanted to ask though if you -- on IMO 2020, if you got any preliminary thoughts on how your vessels might respond to that?
Steve Kean: Our vessels don’t burn that type of fuel oil, it's all [indiscernible] and there is no impact on our business there.
Operator: The next question comes from Douglas Christopher with D. A. Davidson. Your line is open.
Douglas Christopher: When we look at KMI and we see its recovery as a leader in the midstream and volumes in the profits. And you talked about your great attribute to the company being strategically positioned fee-based assets predictable cash flows. It seems like the CO2 business, you live with downside and we don't realize the upside. Can you just add a little more color, help us understand why it makes sense to remain involved in that business? Thanks.
Steve Kean: Part of that business is -- so let's start with our overall segment earnings before DD&A. CO2 makes up on a budgeted basis for 2018 about 11% of that. Of that 11 that split 4 and 7 between source of transportation, which looks a little bit more like a midstream business, that’s why we’re moving the CO2 into the market for our use but also for the use of third-party customers who are involved in enhanced oil recovery, that leaves 7% to COR. And as I said earlier, there is very economically recoverable oil out there at today's prices and even prices that are much lower than today's prices, the only way you can get that out is with CO2. We've got the CO2. And then we’ve got the field and we’ve got the EOR expertise. So it's an opportunity that we integrated forward into, if you will. We started with the pipeline and then we added and enhanced oil recovery field. We get good returns in the business. It’s a business that we understand. We hedge in order to make those cash flows more predictable for our investors. So it has more of a stable and predictable cash flow. Our production is very predictable there. We come within 1%, 1.5% of what we budget every year. And as I said earlier, notwithstanding all those good attributes, we are a shareholder driven company. And if we found the right opportunity somebody was willing to pay us a sufficient amount and it was in the best interest of our shareholders, we'd obviously evaluate that. But for now, we're happy to hold it as well.
Operator: We're showing no further questions at this time.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Well, Sheila, thank you very much and thanks to everybody for listening to a rather lengthy call. We appreciate your attention.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-19 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Dax Sanders - CFO & Director Jesse Arenivas - VP and President of CO2 Kimberly Dang - VP, CFO & Principal Accounting Officer Richard Kinder - Executive Chairman of the Board Steven Kean - President, CEO Thomas Martin - VP & President, Natural Gas Pipelines
Analysts: Jeremy Tonet - JPMorgan Shneur Gershuni - UBS Danilo Juvane - BMO Capital Markets Jean Salisbury - Bernstein Darren Horowitz - Raymond James Keith Stanley - Wolfe Research Dennis Coleman - Bank of America Robert Catellier - CIBC Capital Markets Robert Kwan - RBC Capital Markets Brian Zarahn - Mizuho Ted Durbin - Goldman Sachs Rebecca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors
Operator: Welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to inform all parties that today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. Thank you. You may begin.
Richard Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Sheila. And welcome to our first quarter analyst call for both KMI and KML. Before we begin as usual, I'd like to remind you that today's earnings releases by KMI and KML and this call includes forward-looking and financial outlook statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and applicable Canadian provincial and territorial securities laws, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosures on forward-looking and financial outlook statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of KMI's and KML's earnings releases and to review our latest filings with the SEC and Canadian provincial and territorial securities commissions for a list of important material assumptions, expectations and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking and financial outlook statements. With that out of the way, let me make just a few comments before turning the call over to Steve. First of all, on a very positive note, our board today made some important personnel decisions, which I believe will benefit KMI for years to come. We promoted four really outstanding people: Kim Dang to President of the company; Dax Sanders to Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer of KMI; David Michaels to Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Anthony Ashley, currently, VP and Treasurer to Treasurer and VP of Investor Relations. I will remain Executive Chairman and Steve will remain CEO. But we're very pleased with those outstanding individuals, and we look forward to many good years of performance. Now let me talk about - a little bit about our results in a broad sense. As you can see from 2017 full year results and from the results of the first quarter of '18, which Kim will share with you today and from our full year 2018 budget and outlook, KMI continues to generate strong cash flow, and we intend to use that cash in a fiscally responsible manner to benefit our shareholders. In that regard, when you think about it, there are several potential uses of these funds. We can use them for expansion CapEx or selective acquisition, either of which helps us grow the company. We can use the funds to pay dividends to our shareholders. We can buy in shares or we can pay down our debt. In my judgment, any and all of these options, create value for our shareholders. And speaking of dividends, consistent with our prior announcements, we are this quarter, raising our dividend payable to our common shareholders by 60% from an annualized rate of $0.50 a share to $0.80 per share. I'm very pleased in our ability to reward our shareholders by returning this additional cash to them. And I would remind you that we'll continue to fund all of our capital expenditures with internally generated funds and ask Kim will describe, that we have bought back additional shares during the first quarter. Steve?
Steven Kean: Thanks, Rich. I'm going to update you on KMI performance highlights and then turn it over to Kim as usual to take you through the financials. Following that, I will update you on KML and again, turn it back to Kim who's still into Dax Sanders on today's call. So that she can review KML's financial performance with you then we'll take your questions on both KMI and KML. Starting with KMI. We had a strong quarter at KMI with positive signs for full year performance. KMI as a whole generated DCF per share of $0.56 for the quarter, an increase of about 4% year-over-year. Both natural gas and the CO2 segments were above planned and solidly up year-over-year of 6% to 7%, respectively. We continue to execute well on our growth projects, we placed $700 million worth of expansions in the service during the quarter. And we continue to find attractive new opportunities and added $900 million worth of projects to the backlog during the quarter. The vast majority of the backlog additions are in our Natural Gas segment. Turning to the Natural Gas segment. Our transport volumes were up 10% year-over-year in the first quarter and gas gathered and crude gathered volumes were up 1% and 3%, respectively. The 10% increase in the transport volumes is on top of an 8% year-over-year increase that we had in the fourth quarter of last year. So two quarters in a row of strong year-over-year growth. On the gathering, there was pluses and minuses. We're up in the Haynesville on our gathered gas volumes and on our Hiland assets in the Bakken, we're up on both gas and crude gathered volumes, and those are partially offset by lower gathered volumes in the Eagle Ford. We also continue to see strong pull and the demand side power was up, 22% year-over-year on our systems. Mexico exports, up 2% and reminder, Kinder Morgan is about - export is about 70% of the gas that is exported to Mexico. So on the volumes, we had a normal winter overall with extremes early in January that drove all time records on four of our large networks. Cold weather helps remind the market of the value of the holding firm transportation and storage capacity. But there is more going on here in the gas segment than a few cold winter days. Gas supply and demand is growing across the US. Volumes are growing in the Permian, the Bakken and the Haynesville, driving producer push activity and growing LNG exports are creating demand pull. This elevates of the value of our existing network and creates opportunity for new investment. A couple of data points to illustrate that. About 90% of our $900 million of backlog additions in the quarter were in the gas segment. A further illustration, we signed up about 1.2 Bcf of Permian capacity on our El Paso natural gas transmission line. This are short haul moves and the expansion capital is required - is very modest, for a little over $30 million and with an EBITDA multiple of less than 2 times. This illustrates the value of having pipe in the ground, while overall utilization of the network is climbing as a result of a growing supply and demand, including export demand. We made progress during the quarter signing up the remaining capacity on our 2 Bcf a day Gulf Coast Express project, 94% of the capacity is now spoken for under long-term reservation based contracts. The last 6% is a long-term gas purchase by our Texas and trust state to serve our sales business in the State of Texas. That commitment is pending, and we would expect to conclude it soon. Attention, the basin is now turned underneath for a second pipeline and discussions are in early stages. In the CO2 segment, we benefited from both higher crude production and higher prices. Our largest field, SACROC has performed above plan in the first quarter and is up 4% year-over-year. We continue to see promising results out of the transition zone, which has been additional target area for us that could add 600 million to 700 million barrels of original oil in place to the SACROC field. The production at our smaller fields, Katz, Goldsmith and Tall Cotton is up 18% year-over-year with Tall Cotton by itself being up 58% year-over-year. On Tall Cotton, we have grown production there, but mechanical and operational issues have kept the volumes below our expectations for that development. We're working on that, and we'll be working on it in the coming months, and we will want to be convinced that we have solutions before we commit further capital or commit capital to the Phase III development efforts there. In our Products segment, we saw refined products volumes increase about 0.5% year-over-year, which in contrast to the fourth quarter, is little less than the 1.9% EIA estimate for the broader industry. We had strong deliveries in the fourth quarter of last year, particularly in December, particularly in Arizona and that likely had a carryover impact on the first quarter of this year, and meaning inventory's built during December and therefore to press draws or sort of throughput on the pipeline. We were on plan - we're on plan for the quarter in the segment, earnings before DD&A basis so we're up about 1% year-over-year. We also placed our Utopia pipeline and service in January of this year. The Terminals segment was down about 2% year-over-year in part attributable to the impact of divestitures as John and the team continue to orient our business board toward up position and have gradually shed non-core positions. We're making good progress on our Base Line Terminal project in Edmonton where we are on time and on budget, as we bring tanks into service over the course of the year. There's one other topic I'll cover on KMI, and it's this. We've seen some nice emergence of some good tailwinds in the gas segment, certainly observed those in the first quarter. But we also saw a longer term headwind emerge as FERC has initiated a notice of proposed rule making and other actions designed to flow through the benefit of tax law changes through pipeline rates. Given the settlements and moratoria that we have in place and including one settlement we have pending before their commission right now, we do not expect to see an incremental negative impact in 2018 or '19 to our outlook. And as we said in the January call before the FERC [ph] came out, we expect the impact of FERC's action to be mitigated and spread over time. That is still our expectation and here's why. Only about a third of our interstate natural gas pipeline revenue is collected under max rate tariffs. We have negotiated rate arrangements in place to achieve and the commission acknowledges should not be disturbed and we also sell a significant share of our capacity under discounted rate arrangements. Second, we have rate case moratoria in place in several of our systems, which inhibits the reopening of existing rates. Third, rate cases under Sections 4, and particularly, under Section 5 of the Natural Gas Act are prospective in effect, with impacts on the Section 4 case is being no earlier than 30 days or five months following the date of filing and on Section 5 prospecting from a final order. In recent years, the most - the commission has initiated on the Section 5 front is four in a year. Other years have been zero or one or two. That compares to over 130 regulated entities in the gas sector. Fourth, an observation. We believe the 501G filings that's we'll all be making will not be as useful as assumed by the commission in terms of determining so called over-earning, separate and apart from the impact of tax law changes. We believe this for a number of reasons. The 501G is ignore - the instructions ignore important commission principles, including the [indiscernible] recognition of the status of negotiated arrangement before mostly uses [ph] an outdated ROE decision that is applied on a one size fits all basis. We believe the forms will overstate matters and will have limited utility. We intend to use everything at our disposal to mitigate the negative effects of the actions and the spread their effects over time. We have quantified the impact of the tax rate change in isolation and believe that the incremental impact of that change is about - to our outlook is about $100 million a year if fully implemented, which again, we would expect would be delayed. It's incremental meeting that's on top of what we already assumed. We had already taken this into account on SNPP [ph] and our outlook and in our settle - pending settlement on SNG, for example. This does not include other negative impacts from new rate proceedings, which we would – we believe are too uncertain, both in amount and timing to quantify at this point. And one final point here, and this is not about ratemaking, but it's about fundamental justice and reasonableness, which is something we will urge the commission to take into account as we consider how to exercise its discretion to pursue Section 5 cases. We're over 30 years now, the commission has methodically created a competitive market in the interstate Natural Gas Pipelines industry. That policy has been steadily implemented through Republican and Democratic administrations. It has delivered enormous benefits to producers and consumers. Pipelines are open access, shippers can sell the capacity they hold in competition with the pipeline who provides it and pipelines can build new pipelines in competition with incumbents. Pipelines are not analogous to traditional regulated utilities. The traditional regulatory compact bounces exclusive franchise service territories, which are insulated from competition on the one hand, with rate regulation on the other hand, that caps rates but enables a reasonable return on capital. Pipelines do not have protected franchise, most rates are set in the competitive market and many systems under recover a regulated cost of service with no effective opportunity to raise rates given the competitive market environment and the commission policy is created. It's either just or nor reasonable to ignore the industry's competitive structure and selectively apply the other half of the regulatory compact rate regulation to some systems without enabling other systems that under recover - to recover their cost of service. We expect to continue pressing these arguments as we expect other people in the industry will as well with the commission as they work through what we expect to be a time consuming implementation process. Now with that, I'll turn it over to our President, Kim Dang.
Kimberly Dang: Thanks, Steve. Okay, today, we're declaring a dividend of $0.20 per share, as Rick said that the 60% increase over last quarter consistent with our budget, as well as the plan we laid out for everyone last July. Based on our current stock price, the $0.20 per quarter or $0.80 to annualized results have a very attractive dividend yield of over 5% with significant coverage. As Steve said, we had an outstanding first quarter, well above our budgets and nicely above last year. For the full year, we expect to meet or exceed our DCF and EBITDA budget. First, today, let me start with the GAAP numbers, and then I'll move to Bcf, which is the way that we look at and judge our performance. Net income attributable to common stockholders for the quarter was $485 million or $0.22 a share, which is an increase of $84 million in total or $0.04 per share, respectively, with both increases being over at 20% increase versus the first quarter of last year. As you can see from looking at the income tax expense line item on our GAAP income statement, almost all of this increase results from lower income tax expense, primarily due to the reduction in the tax rate associated with the new change - the new tax law. But if you adjust for certain items, which are for this quarter, the first quarter of 2018, an immaterial $4 million expense, but were a benefit of about $30 million in the first quarter of 2017. The change in income tax expense accounts for a little less than 60% of the change, as opposed to the entire change with the remaining change generated by stronger operating contribution. Adjusted earnings, which excludes these certain items changes are up $118 million or 29%. Adjusted earnings per share of $0.22 is the same as the unadjusted number because as I mentioned, certain items for the quarter had a minimal impact. DCF per share, which is the primary way we judge our performance is $56 per share, up $0.02, which is 4% higher versus the first quarter of 2017. Total DCF of almost $1.25 billion is up approximately $32 million or 3%. The nice increase in DCF was driven primarily by greater contributions from natural gas and CO2, partially offset by higher sustaining CapEx, cash taxes and the impact of the KML IPO. DCF per share was up 4% versus the 3% on total DCF due to $21 million fewer shares outstanding. We repurchased approximately $250 million worth of shares in the fourth quarter of last year and approximately $250 million in the first quarter of this year. Overall, the segments were up 4% or $78 million with natural gas up 6% contributing $63 million or over 80% of the improvement. Natural gas benefited from nice performance on the Texas Intrastate and SNG driven by winter weather, on Hiland driven by increased drilling activity, on NGPL as a result of lower interest expense, EPNG due to greater capacity sales, primarily driven by the Permian, and on FGT due to lower taxes. The CO2 segment was up $15 million or 7% driven by a 5% increase in net oil volume, primarily at SACROC and Tall Cotton, as Steve mentioned, as well as increases in oil and NGL prices. Non-controlling interest is higher by approximately $13 million due to the IPO of our Canadian assets last May. Cash taxes were $16 million higher than the first quarter of 2017, but are actually lower than our budget for the quarter and expected to be significantly lower than our budget for the full year. Sustaining CapEx was approximately $10 million higher in the first quarter of '18 versus 2017. As you may remember, our 2018 budget for sustaining CapEx was higher than our 2017 actual and I went through that various explanation at our Analyst conference. For the first quarter, we're actually running a favourable variance to budget but that's going to be timing for the full year. So the segments are up $78 million, less the $26 million combined increase in sustaining CapEx and cash taxes and the $13 million increase in non-controlling interest, that totals a $39 million increase in DCF versus a $32 million increase shown on the page. There are obviously more moving pieces but that gives you a big picture of what's going on. We're off to a great start this year and as I previously mentioned, we expect DCF for the full year to meet or exceed our budget, driven by better performance from our natural gas and CO2 segment, lower cash taxes offset by higher interest expense due to higher LIBOR rates. Certain items for the quarter were an expense of $4 million, so as I mentioned immaterial in total. There were however, a few offsetting items. There is a $37 million expense primarily related to an SFPP rate case reserve, which relates to prior periods. The 2018 impact of this is included in our results for the first quarter and taken into account in our forecast for the full year. There are $40 million expense related to hedge ineffectiveness on our oil hedges primarily related to an increase in the mid [indiscernible] differential and these two expenses were largely offset by two tax benefits items, first, the release of the tax reserve on a sales and use tax, and secondly, the impact of tax reform on a couple of our joint ventures. Our expansion CapEx budget for the year was 2.2. Our current forecast is $2.3 billion as we've identified some incremental projects to meet our return requirements. Let me once again remind you that the $2.2 billion does not include any KML CapEx. With that, let me move to the balance sheet. There is one change in the balance sheet that I want to point out. You'll see a new caption between liabilities and shareholders equity entitled Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest, which for GAAP purposes, is considered mezzanine equity. Due to a change in the accounting rules starting in 2018, an amount related to our Elba JV, which we previously classified as a long-term liability is now reflected as mezzanine equity. This is an item that we disclosed in our financials for those of you who enjoy reading our 10-K and 10-Qs as we enter into the Elba JV, which reflects the fact that in certain limited circumstances, which we do not expect to occur, our JV partner has the right to redeem its capital account. The outlook project is well underway with the first units expected to be delivered in the third quarter of this year. We ended the quarter at 5.1 times debt-to-EBITDA, flat to last quarter, and as calculation we used net debt, including 50% of the KML preferred shares in the denominator - actually in the numerator, which is consistent with how the rating agencies treat those shares. Currently, we expect to end the year at or below our budget of 5.1 times debt-to-EBITDA. Net debt ended the quarter at $36.7 billion, that's an increase of $331 million in the quarter, which I will reconcile for you. Of the $331 million, about $100 million is associated with increased debt in Canada and $231 million is associated with KMI standalone. We had DCF in the quarter, as I mentioned earlier, $1.247 billion. We had a little less than $650 million of expansion, capital and contributions to equity investments. Now that's 600 - it's actually about $645 million, includes expenditures at Trans Mountain because it's consolidated. If you exclude the Trans Mountain, the capital spending is a little bit over $510 million. We had dividends of $277 million. We've made share repurchases of $250 million, and then we have working capital and other items of a little over $400 million. On the working capital and other items, accrued interest was a use of cash of about $195 million as we make interest payments - our significant interest payments were made in the first and third quarters, but the accruals that's in DCF is constant throughout the year. We also had a use of cash associated with accrued liabilities of about $125 million, and that's because we make bonus payments in the first quarter and also their significant property tax payments made in the first quarter. And then we also had a use of cash associated with our DCF - the DCF being reflected, being slightly greater than the distributions that we received from our equity investments. And so with that, I'll turn it back to Steve.
Steven Kean: Okay. Now we're going to switch to KML. Last week, we announced that the KML had a decision point on the Trans Mountain expansion project. We announced the suspension of non-essential spending and that under current conditions we would not put additional KML capital at risk. We also said there's no readthrough from this in terms of our willingness to invest in Canada. We have invested in Canada, British Columbia, as well as Alberta, and we expect to continue investing. But as we said then, it's become clear this particular investment may be untenable [ph] for a private party to undertake. The events of the last 10 days have confirmed those views. We pointed out there are significant differences between governments, those differences are outside of our ability to resolve. We are continuing our stakeholder discussions between now and May 31 and we're looking for a way forward on this project. All of that is the same as what we said on the call last week, nothing new there. However, discussions are underway and as the Prime Minister said on Sunday, we're not going to undertake those discussions in public and we do not intend to provide additional updates on the status of those until we reached a sufficiently definitive agreement or the discussions have terminated. So again, not much update, but discussions have commenced. With that, I'll turn it over to Kim to talk about financial performance at KML during the quarter.
Kimberly Dang: Thanks, Steve. Let me process my comments as Dax has, in prior quarters with the caveat, while we are offering quarter-over-quarter comparison. Those comparisons are of limited value given that we're reporting a quarter where KML was owned by the public versus a quarter where it was wholly owned by KMI. During those periods, prior to the IPO, there were significant shareholder loans in place that generated FX, most of which is unrealized and intercompany interest with KMI that are not reflective of the true earnings power of KML. Therefore, we would ask you to focus on the actual results to 2018 and how they compare to our published budget. Quarter-over-quarter will be more starting in the third and fourth quarters of this year when we have comparable quarters all post IPO. Now moving to the results. Today, the KML board declared a dividend for the third quarter of $0.1625 [ph] per restricted voting share, or $0.65 annualized, which is consistent with our budget and previous guidance. Earnings per restricted voting share for the first quarter of 2018 are $0.10, drive - derived from $44 million of net income, which is down approximately $2 million or 5% versus the same quarter in 2017. In the first quarter of 2017, we recognized a foreign exchange gain associated with the intercompany loans. These loans were settled at the time of the IPO and therefore, that gain does not recur in 2018. Adjusted earnings, which include certain items, the most significant of which is the FX gain I just mentioned, were approximately $44 million compared to approximately $40 million for the same quarter in 2017. This increase is largely associated with a decrease in interest expense given the extinguishment of the intercompany loans and increased AEDC associated with the spending on the Trans Mountain expansion project. Total DCF for the quarter is approximately $77 million, which is down $6.4 million from the comparable period in 2017 but favourable to our budget. That DCF provides coverage approximately $5.5 million and reflects a DCF payout ratio of approximately 76%. Looking at the components of the DCF variance, segment EBITDA before certain items is up $6.8 million compared to the Q1 2017 with the pipeline segment up $7.3 million and the terminal segment down very slightly. The pipeline segment was higher primarily due to the AEDC associated with the spending on the project. The terminals segment was lower due to the termination of the contract in Q1 2017 for which we received the net termination benefit, and lower volumes at our Vancouver Wharves terminal. Offset by the Base Line Terminal coming into service. On the Baseline Terminal project, we placed six of the 12 tanks into service during the quarter. The first four tanks went into service on schedule in January, which we talked to you about on our January investor conference. The next two was rescheduled to be placed in the service the first couple of weeks of June were actually placed in service early in mid-March and the beginning of April. G&A is higher by about $2.4 million primarily associated with higher cost of being a public company. Lower interest expense and higher preferred share dividends largely offset each other. Sustaining CapEx was favourable about $3.4 million compared to 2017, but we expect sustaining CapEx to be slightly favourable to the budget for the year. Cash taxes increased by $6.5 million to $6.6 million over the same quarter in 2018. In 2017, we were not required to make estimated cash tax payments but do need to make them in Q1 of 2018. Now moving on to the specifics for the full year. Currently, we expect at EBITDA DCF, excluding AEDC for the full year to be on plan. AEDC and capitalized interest will be highly dependent upon what happens with the project. With that, I'll move to the balance sheet. As you can see there, we did draw on the facility during the quarter for approximately $100 million, but we still ended the quarter with a net cash position of $110 million. If you add 50% of our preferred equity to our net debt balance, which is again, the way the rating agencies generally look at it, our net debt position at March 31 was approximately $165 million. For the quarter, net debt increased by approximately $129 million from December 31. And so let me reconcile that for you. DCF was $77 million, expansion CapEx was $167 million, gross dividends were $58 million, the DRIP, the dividend reinvestment program, generated proceeds of $15 million, and then working capital and other items were a slight positive. Finally, just a couple of things on expansion capital. On Base Line Terminal, which now approximately $304 million of our share of the $398 million on the project, so about $94 million less to spend in 2018. On Trans Mountain, we've now spent about $1.1 billion as of the 3/31, with approximately $550 million of that spend by KMI and periods prior to the IPO and the balance spent by KMI since the consummation of the IPO. With that, I'll turn it back to Steve.
Steven Kean: Okay. Sheila, we're ready to take questions on KMI and KML.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Richard Kinder: Hi, Jeremy. How are you?
Jeremy Tonet: Good. Good afternoon. Thanks. Just want to see, with regards to the FERC matters, if you had talked to the commissioners there? And do you have any sense if there could be any kind of reconsideration of what they've done here? It seems like some of the comments, maybe the employee expects some of the actions to happen in the marketplace given what they did during open market hours?
Steven Kean: Yeah. Look, I think even in public testimony statements as recently as yesterday, there was a recognition I think, that a lot of comments are going to have to be reviewed and a lot of input is going to have taken in, in order to make the right decisions here, and so we're encouraged by that. We’re obviously reaching out as our industry is reaching out in every way that it can to make sure that our views and our facts are known to the commission as they're figuring out how to proceed here. And it's really - I mean, it's extremely important, I think, for the commission to take into account the results, the benefits, but also the other implication of a long-standing policy of creating competition in competitive markets, intrastate pipeline transmission, they succeeded, they've succeeded in that. But that is a fundamentally different environment than, say, a traditional regulated utility and that needs to be adequately taken into account as they think about how to use and exercise their discretion. And so we're encouraged by their openness to the input, and we intend to give them plenty of it. I didn't mean that disrespectfully.
Jeremy Tonet: Thanks. Just a couple of quick follow-ups and just want to see, when you were talking about the moratorium, was that the FERC is prohibited from reopening where you have moratorium, am I correct in understanding what you said there? And also just as far as how the supplies of liquids pipeline, I was wondering if you might be able to expand a little bit there on the refined products side?
Steven Kean: Yes, so the settlements really are applying to the gas pipeline side of the house, wherein ongoing rate case on SMPP has been going on for a very long time. And on the gas taking - talking specifically about gas, settlements don't bind subsequent commissions, but they are generally honored and there's good language in FERC orders about settlements and rate moratoriums or moratoria, that are in place where they tend to respect them. The parties sit around and negotiate an outcome and they do so in good faith. The commission, along with the customers and the pipeline and typically those settlements are - typically, those settlements will bind the private parties, if you will, to their terms, but can't legally bind the commission. But again, the practice has been for the commission to honor those.
Jeremy Tonet: Great. Thanks. And then just one last one, if I could. With regards to the Permian Pipeline, the second one that you're talking about there, that's interesting to hear. Just wondering if you could talk about the competitive dynamic as far as pursuing this project, if you look to bring that to the same market or different path. And just how you think, I guess, Waha basis moves over time here in the effective benefit you know, KMI in the interim, as it seems like even GCX isn't going to be online for a while here in the basis is really kind of an upside, I don't know if there's other smaller brownfield things that you can do in the interim to take advantage of that?
Richard Kinder: Well, look you put your finger right on the fundamentals, but I don't want you to leave the call being all too interested in what we said there. This is a very early kind of discussions. But I think it is the view in that market, that a second pipe really is needed. And I think it's clear that certain producers with significant production coming online have been holding, if you will, holding commitments back in order to help underwrite a second pipeline. And so it does look likely that something will be built. We have the same advantages that we talked about when we talked about Gulf Coast Express, which is there's some and with the right make-up partners, there's good upstream connectivity, and we have great downstream connectivity to get that gas to the markets that are really booming right now, which is along the Texas Gulf Coast, both for Mexico exports, as well as power and pet-chem demands and LNG. And so we think we've got - that we have some advantages in that, but it's in the very early stages, so don't get too interested just yet, I would say. But I think you're right, the fundamentals are strong and I think they support a second pipeline getting billed. The gas is growing rapidly in the Permian, and it is a low cost, if not a negative cost to produce or sure [ph] primarily aiming at NGLs and crude out there. And so finding a way to deal with a gas or not to have flare is a very important and people, I think are beginning to - shippers are beginning to - are rapidly catching up to that and thinking about ways to relieve those constraints. In the meantime, the smaller bottleneck, debottlenecking that's kind of what we're doing on the EPNG investments that I mentioned, we're looking at some things on NGPL as well, and we will continue to look for those as well take away from EPNG as these markets – as these suppliers are hunting markets.
Jeremy Tonet: That’s all, very helpful. Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: The next question comes from Shneur Gershuni with UBS. Your line is open.
Richard Kinder: Hi, Shneur.
Shneur Gershuni: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone and congratulations to everyone on the promotion. Just a quick follow-up to Jeremy's question there. Could GCX be brought into service you know, given all the demand that everyone is talking about?
Richard Kinder: No, I think, I mean, we’re certainly trying to do everything we can to get it online as soon as possible. But I think our fourth quarter of '19 to the Gulf Coast is really most realistic timeline.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay, great. Just a couple of questions. First, starting at a high level, I think we've all beaten the FERC to death at this point. I was just wondering if you can talk about returns on capital deployment as you sort of think about your business over the last couple of years and kind of you've upped your CapEx a little bit, and you're looking at another project. When one looks at capital returns, are you achieving the returns that you've kind of outlined in the past? Has the erosion in commodity prices at CO2 kind of masked some of those returns? I was wondering if you can sort of talk about that a little bit?
Steven Kean: Yes, good question. We have done well on our project execution and Kim actually went through that, and you'll see it look back from 2015 through 2017 on capital projects and how they came out as a multiple of the year two EBITDA, meaning once the project is fully up and running. And we've done very well, and we've done similar backward looks at our gathering and processing investments, et cetera. The new investments that we talked about this quarter at about 6 time rate. And so I think we're doing quite well there. And you're right, there's been some deterioration. If you look over that whole period, 2015 to 2017, there's been deterioration in the underlying CO2 business because of lower commodity prices primarily. There have also been some contract rollouts. There is also been some JVs and assets divestitures that we've undertaken in order to improve the balance sheet. So we've retired over $5.8 billion of debt since late in 2015, and we've improved our multiple from 5.6 to 5.1 time. So we are, as Rich said, we're using our cash, deploying it effectively on projects, and we're using our cash to de-lever, as well as return value to shareholders and I think we've done that effectively over the last two to three years.
Shneur Gershuni: And kind of two quick follow-ups. One, you were just talking about the return of capital and so forth. You've bought back some shares during the quarter. At the same time, you've upped your CapEx estimate for this year. How should we think about your discretionary cash flow that you outlined, I believe it was about $565 million at the Analyst Day in terms of its ability to continue buying back stock. And I guess, compare with the fact that you're suggesting that you can beat your guidance or projected plans for this year?
Steven Kean: Well, if you look at the situation, of course, we're very clear that we have that number that we showed you, that $550 plus million of free cash flow after funding all of our capital expenditures for the year and obviously, after paying the dividend. Since that time, we have bought back $250 million worth of stock, and so you could deduct that. And then as the capital moves around, the total expansion CapEx, which as Kim said, now rose to 2.3 instead of 2.2, you would also deduct that. Our projections which show we will still, after everything we've done, all the capital we have in the plan and all the stock buybacks we've done thus far, we are still nicely positive in terms of actual cash generated after we pay for all these things internally.
Unidentified Company Representative: And so in terms of how to use that cash is the same things we talked about at the beginning of the year and Rich talked about earlier in the call, which is we'll look at what's of the best use, whether it's an incremental project or the return of additional value to shareholders through a share buyback or further delevering, and it's nice to be in this position.
Shneur Gershuni: Great. And one final question. During, I think, it was the last quarter or two quarters ago, there was a lot of talk about Double H and the potential for NGL repurposing. But at the same time, the production level for accrued in the Bakken has continued to grow and other takeaway pipelines have been filling towards capacity. Do you see a trend of improving crude production and heading towards Double H and therefore there's no real need to really think about an NGL repurposing or is that still on the table?
Steven Kean: Yes, we don't have put together an NGL repurposing project, but the second part of what you said is also true, which is production is rising in the Bakken. And so some of our discussions around that pipeline have turned toward how do we get more of that production into Double H, and we've been able to successfully buy and attract some volumes, including truck volumes over to Double H, and so that's been a positive There's still a bit of capacity overhearing to work through in the Bakken, but the production there has been very promising from a gas NGL and oil standpoint. So prospects, I'd say, are improving there.
Shneur Gershuni: Great. Thank you very much, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from the Danilo Juvane with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Richard Kinder: Good afternoon.
Danilo Juvane: Good afternoon. Congrats to everyone who received the promotions today. My first question is on the buybacks. You've done $500 million thus far, you have $1.5 billion still left. Are you done for this year? Or should we expect you to continue to buying back more shares this year?
Kimberly Dang: I mean, as we just went through the free cash flow, we have a little bit of free cash flow still remaining. I think at this point, we're going to look and probably wait a little bit to see what the capital projects look like and see if there's any more of those. But depending on what happens with CapEx, there may be the opportunity to buyback more shares and or pay down debt.
Danilo Juvane: Thanks for that. And given where the stock is sort of trading right now, have you thought that all evolved or may be deploying that elsewhere perhaps just paying down debt, instead of buying back shares?
Richard Kinder: Well, I think we will look at that on an opportunistic basis. I think the important thing here, and I hate to keep beating the same drum, but we're in a unique and very positive situation in funding all of our expansion CapEx with internally generated funds, paying the dividend and still having sizable excess cash to use, and we're going to consider that very carefully. And as I said in my opening remarks, we want to be fiscally responsible in how we handle that capital. So we will look at it, just amplifying what Kim said, we would look at it on an ongoing basis to figure out what makes those most sense. And look, we've improved - since we scatter out, as we’ve improved our balance sheet considerably. As Steve said, we've paid down well over $5 billion worth of debt. We are now, as Kim says, we targeted 5.1 as debt to EBITDA ratio at the end of 2018. We will meet or beat that, we think, and so we're moving in the right directions, but we would like to get it lower obviously. And so that's a weighing process between delevering and buying back shares.
Danilo Juvane: Thanks for the color Rich. Moving on to the backlog. I noticed in the release that you're now deploying organic growth ex Trans Mountain at 6 times. I know that previously, you said that, that number was 7.5 times and 6.7 I think, is this improvement that you've made a function of you just being able to deploy capital more efficiently, can we get some color into that dynamic?
Steven Kean: We look at every project individually, and so we want to get the highest return we can get that the market will pay. And the - and so we will look at, we'll look at the underlying risk on the project and will demand a higher return or we'll get as much as the market will bear. We have, I think, the numbers you were talking about is more like 6.5 and 6.7 times. It's kind of toggled around that. I wouldn't read anything different into the fact that this slate - particular slate of projects that we're talking about is at 6 times. We're applying the same criteria we've been applying for several years now, which a couple of years now, which is elevated return criteria well above any reasonable calculated cost of capital and we'll try to get absolutely as much as we can from the market. And so long as we are clearing by a substantial margin our cost of capital, we'll deploy that capital if it's the best use of that cash. We've targeted at 15% unlevered after-tax return, but we don't reject anything we come in and discuss it, right? Some things are better than the 15% unlevered after-tax return have too much risk associated with them, and they don't make the cut. Some things that are below 15% but have derisks with long-term reservation-based contracts, we relax that 15% and we just continued - we have continued on that path.
Danilo Juvane: Thanks for that. Last one for me. What was the CO2 CapEx number…
Kimberly Dang: $91 million.
Danilo Juvane: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jean Salisbury with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Richard Kinder: Hi, Jean.
Jean Salisbury: Hi, good afternoon. I had a few questions about the Permian. So one more on gas. On your existing gas pipeline out of the Permian, is there any room at all for expansion through compression or is this it?
Richard Kinder: Yes, I mean, certainly some of the projects that we're doing on EPNG are those types of projects, very minor CapEx, squeezing out additional capacity from our existing network intrastate, I think were largely fairly filled out and that has a lot to do with why we're involved in GCX. So I would say those are really the two main areas. We've also balanced some opportunities off NGPL and some of that has been executed on, and we are pursuing a bit more as well. So I think all of those are very low cost, high-return opportunities, and we're pursuing every bit that we can.
Steven Kean: And then we've seen - and it's been in small chunks so far. But people looking for any outlet out of the Permian, including our Trans Colorado system, even giant [indiscernible] have seen some of the effects from the growth in the Permian basin. So that's not expansions, that's existing capacity. So filling up kind of all the nooks and crannies [ph] coming out of the Permian to get to a different market.
Jean Salisbury: Okay. And can you put any numbers at all, I guess, in terms Bcfd on how much more you can actually get out on El Paso and NGVLs? Or it’s too early to say?
Steven Kean: Yes, that's hard to say. It's kind of - as you can tell from the map, it's kind of a network out there. So it depends just on what installations you could put where, whether it's back pressure regulators, which are very cheap or compression, which is more expensive and other connections or things like that. It's a network.
Jean Salisbury: Sure. And then I believe you and [indiscernible] operate or maybe used to operate a rail terminal in the Permian? Can you confirm if you still have that and what's the crude by rail loading capacity available is if you do?
Steven Kean: Ask any longer and I think generally speaking in the Permian, there's not significant current crude by rail unit train capacity. So there's manifest capability, but a manifest cargo capability but not unit train capability, is that right? Okay.
Jean Salisbury: And then one last one. I think you touched on this when you discussed the hedges. But you hedged your EOR production with WTI, but do you have crude transport out of the Permian? Or do you mostly receive a Midland price for your barrels and are kind of exposed to that spread?
Steven Kean: We do have transport out of the Permian, including with our wind [ph] pipeline assets, which takes a significant amount of our production to Western Refining in El Paso. But we also, as part of our hedging program, we hedge quality and locational differentials. So we've hedged for 2018, we're at about 68%, I think, of mid-cush [ph] hedged?
Kimberly Dang: 71.
Steven Kean: 71% of mid-cush hedged and we're continuing to add to that position as we go through 2018.
Jean Salisbury: That’s very helpful. That’s all from me. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Darren Horowitz with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Richard Kinder: Hi, Darren. How are you doing?
Darren Horowitz: Hi, Rich. Good afternoon. And congrats to everybody on the promotions. Steve, my first question is on CO2. Do you guys have a rough estimate of the cost or attune profile per barrel in order to monetize this incremental transition zone barrels versus in smaller fields? Because I know you talked and you guys had put out some slides on the after-tax internal rate of return, but on a risk-adjusted basis, I'm just wondering how to think about return on investment going forward with how you allocate those additional dollars?
Steven Kean: I'll start, and Jesse will finish. So the - one of the great things about the transition zone development is that we can - it is sitting below the area that we are already developing with CO2. So that when we develop a project, we go hit the traditional CO2 flood zone and exploit that, but with a little bit of deepening and sometimes we can even use existing wellheads, wellbores, for that deepening. We can access transition zone barrels. And so what happens Darren is we get both. We get - we get it from our traditional harvest area, as well as we pick out incremental barrels from the transition zone in those places where we found that. And so far, we found it in a number of places. And so I think roughly speaking, it's like 28%, 72%, 72%, 70-30 call it of traditional CO2 flood recovery with another 30% transition zone coming from that deepening. Is that about right, Jesse?
Jesse Arenivas: That's right.
Steven Kean: That makes it capital-efficient, that's the bottom line.
Darren Horowitz: And how much of that, if any, is built on the $1.6 billion growth backlog forecasts from 2018 out to 2022? Because I know that you guys have already experimented on what five transition zone wells in the budget this year is two, is that correct?
Richard Kinder: That in terms of development.
Jesse Arenivas: There is very little of that is associated with the backlog. So this is very early, and we're still delineating the field so there's - it's a very little of that $1.7 billion.
Steven Kean: And coming out in CO2, in particular, and also gathering of processing, that capital moves around to chase the best opportunities.
Darren Horowitz: So, Steve, as this evolves theoretically more focused on the transition zone going forward, based on those rate of returns that you guys have discussed, how do you expect the aggregate segment return on investment to evolve over the forecast period within which you're going to spend that $1.6 billion?
Steven Kean: You're beyond any update that we try to do, Darren, we're not there yet.
Darren Horowitz: Okay. If I could just one final question for me on Elba. What's the expected timing of the liquefaction capacity between initial and service in the third quarter of this year and when you guys reached 10 liquefaction units by the middle of 2019? And also how do we think about the timing of the remaining capital spend over those four quarters?
Steven Kean: You want to speak?
Thomas Martin: So, yes. I mean, you have the timeline correct. The first unit will be online in the third quarter and it's approximately 30 to 45 days sequentially from that point. So that gets us kind of end of the late second quarter or late third quarter of 2019.
Steven Kean: And as you probably recall, the return on that or the economics on the liquefaction development are heavily weighted to Unit 1. And so Unit 1, we expect will be coming on and followed within roughly the sequence time laid out by Units 2 and 3 starting in the third quarter. We'll not get into the third quarter, but Unit 1 is expected to get in, in the third quarter.
Darren Horowitz: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Keith Stanley with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Richard Kinder: Good afternoon, Keith.
Keith Stanley: Hi, good afternoon. Just wanted to clarify on the growth backlog. The $900 million addition in Q1, that does not include Gulf Coast Express that was already in the backlog, is that correct?
Steven Kean: You are correct. We put that in, in the fourth quarter update that we shared in January. But that's just on top of that.
Keith Stanley: Can you just give color on may be one or two of the largest addition to the backlog in terms of the projects and the timing of them coming into service? I think some of the other opportunities you've mentioned around the Permian are a little smaller in terms of capital?
Steven Kean: Right. Tom, do you have a rough…
Thomas Martin: CNP [ph] gets about $500 million, and then the interstate projects across, I guess, really three different regions, so another 300.
Keith Stanley: Okay…
Thomas Martin: Again, of the 900, 820 is natural gas. So that's overwhelming in the Natural Gas segment.
Keith Stanley: Got it. Okay. One, just on Trans Mountain. One of the principles you laid out pretty clearly is the need for certainty to construct across British Columbia. When you think about some of the discussions on potential financial arrangements with the federal government, can that help address that criteria that one criteria or do you also need some type of specific action or change separate from financial support to give you more confidence you can build across BC?
Steven Kean: Yes, there are really two separate things. I mean, there needs to be a way, most of the project and most of the investment is in British Columbia where the government is in opposition to the project and has look for and found ways to incrementally regulate it. And that is an issue that, in our view needs to be resolved or addressed in order to be able to successfully construct in the province. And so we think of this two separate or related things.
Keith Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Dennis Coleman with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Richard Kinder: Good afternoon, Dennis.
Dennis Coleman: Good afternoon to you Rich. Thanks. And my congrats to everyone there on the promotions. A couple for me please. Steve, I wonder if the - back to the FERC issue, I guess, one comment I want to just dig a little bit into. You talked about is this being a time consuming process sort of at the end of your statement there. And my recollection is the commission, when they were making these decisions, sort of were thinking that these would be a fairly quick process. I want to say they talked about it being done by as early as the fall of 2018. I wonder, maybe if you can just talk about the differences or compare those two views and maybe give some scale of how you think about the timing and how long this will take?
Steven Kean: Right, so the FERC has laid out a specific schedule in three or four tranches of filing of these 501G forms, right, and so that's pretty well defined. But that's just the beginning. There's a lot more and for reasons I said earlier, I mean, these forms, I think, are going to be less informative, particularly on the issue of over earning and people are expecting because there are some assumptions built into those instructions that we believe conflict with frankly, what we think a commission is ultimately likely to do. So there is a process of information gathering that's on a very firm timeframe. There is still the whole note for itself, which is a proposed rule and a separate but related notice of inquiry, which is an earlier step even in the process that has to be worked out, and that's the process within which we'll be filing comments and making our case known and seeking some modifications to the rule, the proposed rule. And then there are there processes themselves, rate proceedings themselves, and those are expensive, they're time consuming, and that's why we have some confidence around the idea that this is going to ultimately play itself out over time.
Dennis Coleman: Okay, so the idea of a 130 pipelines all getting done by the fall is not realistic? In terms of the 501G filing themselves, they have to be filed, and I thought it was a 30 day process. Is that seems like you're indicating that there's some variance there?
Steven Kean: No, there's a phased-in and they've listed specific entities and what wave they're in so there are specific dates for filing a 501G for each individual regulated system.
Dennis Coleman: Okay…
Steven Kean: Four separate ways.
Dennis Coleman: Okay. Thanks for that. One quick question on the leverage number. You say, Kim, that you'll be 5.1 times or potentially below and I just - I want to just clarify that a little bit if I can in terms that's on the existing budget, that doesn't include any assumptions about Trans Mountain going forward or not? I think when you may be announced a couple of weeks ago if there was some indication that it would be 2 times lower if that doesn't proceed?
Kimberly Dang: Right. So what we've assumed in the 5.1 times or better is a similar but updated assumption that we had in our budget, which is we spend it at a reduced rate through May, and then the spending would ramp up. If Trans Mountain were terminated then we think longer term, not this year, but longer term, because you have incremental spending and would have incremental spending in future years if you pursue the project longer term, there will be a 20 basis point reduction versus what we would have thought if the project went forward in 2019.
Dennis Coleman: Got it. Okay. Thanks for that. Just one last one for me. In the KML release, there was some discussion about lower rail loadings in the quarter from Canada. I wonder if you just might talk a little bit about that with the wide bps [ph] that surprised me a little bit.
Steven Kean: Its rail service related. The service has been - vary a bit more in that area and the Imperial has been negotiating directly with the CN and the CP for improvements in that. And we have seen an uptick as the quarter progress, but it was down significantly throughout the quarter. We hope that, that will improve as we go forward here.
Richard Kinder: It's not because the barrels don't want to move.
Dennis Coleman: Right. That's what surprised me. Anyway, that's weather-related or any particular reason or just poor service?
Steven Kean: It was all poor service related. And remember, that facility was all 100% take or pay related, so it didn't have as big a financial impact, but we would like to see the barrels delivered.
Dennis Coleman: Okay. That’s it from me. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Catellier with CIBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Richard Kinder: Good afternoon, Robert.
Robert Catellier: Good afternoon, everyone. Hi. I just wanted to ask a couple of questions that came out, first of all, on Trans Mountain. While I respect the fact that you're not negotiating publicly, but I want to inquire about the possibility that any financial agreements with either Alberta or the federal government might result in shareholder dilution or any less exposure to the Trans Mountain project upside or is this primarily a risk mitigation discussion similar to a surety bond on where shareholder upside might remain intact?
Richard Kinder: Yes, Robert. Look, I appreciate the interesting additional color. We're interested too. But there's really nothing more to add there. We have outlined two principles, and I'm just going to restate there has to be a way to build through BC and there has to be a way to protect our shareholders and we are in discussions, and those are the principles that we would be looking to preserve.
Robert Catellier: Okay. So you haven't taken anything off the table, I gather then, any possibility?
Richard Kinder: We didn't say that. We just said we're in negotiations.
Robert Catellier: Okay. Since then you've answered most of my operating question, so I'll just ask one on the promotions. Congratulations to Dax and everyone else. I'm just curious, Dax, obviously will continue his KML responsibilities, but as far as I can tell, your press release - about David Michaels. So I'm wondering if he's going to continue his KML responsibility as well.
Dax Sanders: Right now, the IR responsibilities for KML were under me, now they'll be transitioned to Anthony Ashley, who's our Treasurer currently, and is today promoted from Treasurer and Vice President of Investor Relations.
Robert Catellier: Okay. And then just finally. Are these changes the timing is it just coincidental with the news on Trans Mountain, or is there any readthrough there?
Steven Kean: No, no, there's no readthrough. There's no readthrough if at all. And Robert, I want to confirm you're correct, Dax will continue as Chief Financial Officer of KML.
Robert Catellier: Okay. Congratulations. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Kwan with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Richard Kinder: Robert, how are you doing?
Robert Kwan: Good. How are you doing?
Richard Kinder: Good.
Robert Kwan: Just wanted to ask on the Canadian M&A potential, and I'm wondering, first, do you need resolution on Trans Mountain before you really look in earnest on the M&A front? And then when you decide to get at it, can you just talk about the different type of assets you might pursue. Would they have to be similar to what KML has right now, would they have to be similar to what KMI has or could you potentially get into a new platform for kind of the entire enterprise?
Steven Kean: Robert, on the first part of that, we are in a period of considerable uncertainty, obviously, depending on how this comes out of the overall project. Now we've defined that, we've closely defined that period in part because it creates a lot of uncertainty for our investors. We've closely defined it, and we've said what we're looking for but there's no question, it's uncertain. And therefore, makes it difficult for -- to evaluate M&A activity. Once we get a point in clarity, the kind of assets that we've always expressed interest in KML, that is Western Canadian midstream assets. It's still be what we would be looking at and looking for. It's a - it's not a large group of players there, but there are some very capable players with good midstream assets. And as you know, we have a limited debt on this entity, and so it is something that we want to look at. But I just think realistically, you've got to let things settle out on the process that we're undergoing right now first.
Robert Kwan: Understood. I guess, Steve, you started - you started - you were talking about players versus specific assets. So I guess I'm also wondering, if I can recall within the agreement between KMI and KML, KMI actually had the right to pursue corporate or publicly traded opportunities. So can you talk about whether that was more theoretical and that the intention absolutely is for publicly traded entities and based on Western Canada to be within KML? Or how should we think about that?
Steven Kean: KML is the entity through which we would be investing in Western Canadian midstream assets of the type that we already have, already own and know how to operate, which you would include other things that KMI owns and operates, similar types of assets and operations. So we've been very broad about that, but if the intent is and was that the KML would be the vehicle to invest in those opportunities in Western Canada.
Robert Kwan: Got it. And if I could just finish with the terminal side, Q1 was a little bit weaker. You talked about the rail movements, which sounds like from others that’s improved. I'm just wondering with holding, are you still holding the 2018 terminals guidance despite the shortfall in Q1? And how do you think you kind of pickup of the rest and - head to the rest of the year?
Steven Kean: Yes, I think you're asking specifically about terminals on KML? I think where our expectation is will come in, in line with...
Dax Sanders: The big decrease was at [indiscernible] which is down $3.5 million, and it was broken down by sulfur, which was one less asset, we think that will catch-up at force majeure on copper. We think that will catch up. The only one that may not catch up is the ag [ph] volume and that's going to depend on the revenues.
Robert Kwan: Okay. But is that catch up to run rate and exceeded to make up for Q1? Is that where you should...
Steven Kean: In the budget.
Kimberly Dang: Right.
Robert Kwan: Okay. That’s great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Zarahn with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Richard Kinder: Good afternoon, Brian.
Brian Zarahn: Hi, Rich. I guess circling back on your 2018 outlook to kind of beat - to meet or beat your guidance of $2.05 per share in DCF. Just to review your expectation as the gas and CO2 segments to outperform tax they should be lower which more than offset higher interest expense. Is that the right way to summarize your outlook?
Kimberly Dang: Yes, if we beat them, yes, those items would more than offset the interest expense.
Brian Zarahn: Okay. And then your guidance on a per-share basis, how much of the potential upside is from the buyback?
Kimberly Dang: We have the buyback factored into the budget.
Brian Zarahn: Okay. And then on interest expense, just remind us on a floating rate exposure and updates on the impact with LIBOR being above your budget?
Kimberly Dang: Right. So our - the forecast that I just gave you, our guidance for the year, meet or beat our EBITDA and DCF, factors in the LIBOR curve as of the end of last week. So that is a - that's got a current LIBOR curve in there. Our exposure with respect to floating rates is about 30% of our debt is floating, and so it's about $100 million of exposure for a full year impact of 100 basis points. So we would have to have the 100 basis point increase starting January 1 increasing and going throughout the full year to get to the $100 million.
Brian Zarahn: And then shifting back to Trans Mountain, understanding that you're in negotiations on the expansion. On the scenario hopefully likely that the existing pipeline volumes are curtailed by a government, how should we think about the impacts of that potential outcome and any mitigants that KML has?
Steven Kean: Are you talking about the proposed Alberta legislation?
Brian Zarahn: Correct.
Steven Kean: Yes. Look, there's a lot of back and forth going on and it's in a political realm, and it's not something that I feel particularly qualified to gauge for you. I think that what Alberta is saying, and I'm not even going to try to interpret it. I think there's going to be some back and forth here and this is part of why we're seeking clarity, okay?
Brian Zarahn: Appreciate that. And then my last question is going back to the FERC, shifting to the liquids pipeline side. It's not for about 3 years from now, but looking at the new escalator taking that fact in July of 2021, any initial thoughts on the potential exposure to a lower indexation?
Steven Kean: All that we've seen is probably what you've seen, Brian, which is to that the commission deferred action on the tax issues or pipelines that are under indexed rates to that later date when they're going to be evaluating index overall. And that's really all we know at this point as well.
Brian Zarahn: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: The next question comes from Ted Durbin with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Richard Kinder: Good afternoon, Ted.
Ted Durbin: Hey. How is it going? Just one question from me. If we sort of look at the FERC again and assume that the process that they laid out sticks with this 501G form, I guess can you help us out, and realizing you in the process of fighting on your Forms 2 working through them, but if you just take the headline number on some of your larger pipelines or you don't have a more [indiscernible] EPNG, what sort of ROE are you going to be showing when you file your 2017 numbers?
Steven Kean: Look, we do have moratorium in Tennessee. EPNG subject to a rate case that's been going on for quite some time. It was fundamental underlying rate issues that still have not been resolved, which, again, I think points to, Ted, the point that we're making which is there's an awful lot of sort through before you can see the final and full impact implemented from what FERC is doing, looking at the tax flow through, but also taking the rest of the cost of service into account. So it makes it hard to do quickly, I think that's the main point. And there'll be a lot of moving parts on those discussions and a lot of arguments brought to bear on it. We don't have a number to quote you in terms of what returns you're going to show on for Form 2s, but we're working on the Form 2 filings and we'll make them in a timely fashion.
Ted Durbin: Okay. That’s it from me. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Rebecca Followill with U.S. Capital Advisors. Your line is open.
Richard Kinder: Good afternoon, Rebecca.
Rebecca Followill: Good afternoon. Back on 501Gs. We've taken a look out and agreed that they're not really indicative of reality given that they don't take into account negotiated rates. Any thoughts on commenting on the [indiscernible] and trying to get some changes on that form or do you think that's set in stone?
Steven Kean: I haven't seen - we're still - what filing is due on the 25th right. I haven't seen our comments, but we'll be covering a lot of ground in there, I think, I can assure you. But the main thing that we'll be making the point that you just made back over, if they don't make these forms conform to reality, they're going to be a limited usefulness. And even then, I mean, it's hard to know how you can apply things like a one size fits all ROE on a - from a 2010 litigated rate case and just apply that to everybody. That's not the way things work when you're setting a cost of equity for a system. So I think the 501Gs are going to create more thought [ph] than like.
Rebecca Followill: We'd agree. And then second, you may have already have commented, but on Gulf Coast Express, any comments on potentially twinning that system? And if you were to twin, the timing to - if you were to double it, could you accelerate that and do some of that along as you construct the first phase?
Steven Kean: I don't think you'd look for much of synergy and construction there. Those are limited even when you set out to do it that way. It can be - there's some savings, but it's not as much as you would think. The other real consideration there is this gas may want to hit a different part of the Texas Coast, and so that would take it out of that corridor.
Rebecca Followill: Thank you.
Operator: We are showing no further questions at this time.
Richard Kinder: Okay. Well, thank you very much for joining us this afternoon. Have a good evening.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-17 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Kean - President & CEO Rich Kinder - Executive Chairman Kim Dang - VP & CFO Dax Sanders - CFO-KML John Schlosser - VP & President-Terminals Tom Martin - VP & President- Natural Gas Pipelines
Analysts: Jean Ann Salisbury - Bernstein Kristina Kazarian - Credit Suisse Brian Zarahn - Mizuho Darren Horowitz - Raymond James Dennis Coleman - Bank of America Robert Catellier - CIBC Capital Markets Jeremy Tonet - JPMorgan Tristan Richardson - SunTrust
Operator: Welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today’s conference. [Operator Instructions] I would like to inform all parties that today’s conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. Thank you. You may begin.
Rich Kinder: Thank you, Sheila. Before we begin, as usual, I’d like to remind you that today’s earnings releases by KMI and KML and this call include forward-looking and financial outlook statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and applicable Canadian provincial and territorial securities laws as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosures on forward-looking and financial outlook statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of KMI’s and KML’s earnings releases and to review our latest filings with the SEC and Canadian provincial and territorial securities commissions for a list of important material assumptions, expectations and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking and financial outlook statements. I'll be very brief in my remarks and then turn the floor over to Steve Kean, our CEO; and Kim Dang, our CFO. The financial results we are reporting today for both the fourth quarter and full year 2017 demonstrate once again the strong cash flow generated by KMI. Equally importantly, we are living within that cash flow, paying our dividend which will increase this year by 60%, funding all of our expansion CapEx and returning additional value to our shareholders through our stock buyback program while continuing to improve our balance sheet, all with internally generated funds. To me, as the Chairman and the largest shareholder, this seems like a recipe for success, both now and for the foreseeable future. Now notwithstanding that, let me add, notwithstanding that good performance, our world-class set of assets and the positive steps we have taken by improving our balance sheet and preparing to return additional funds to our shareholders through the dividend increase I mentioned, our stock continues to trade at a substantial discount to our peer group and I certainly hope and expect that discrepancy to be overcome as we continue to meet our targets and return value to our shareholders. And with that, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steve Kean: All right. Thank you, Rich. So, I'm going to update you on KMI performance highlights and then turn it over to Kim as usual to take you through the financials. And then after that, I'll update you on KML and then turn it over to Dax Sanders, CFO of KML, to give you the KML financial performance and financing updates. And then we'll take your questions on both KMI and KML. Starting with KMI, we've been telling you each quarter this year that we had a good quarter and a good year-to-date. Above planned year-to-date, but it’s all timing and it's going to shake out by end of the year. Kim will break it down for you. But we’re happy to tell you in this call that we finished 2017 very strong. We also saw some improvements in market fundamentals and in the performance of our businesses, which I'll cover in a minute. So here are the few -- a few highlights of 2017. First, we completed the two key steps that we outlined at the beginning of the year to strengthen our balance sheet and put us in position to return value to shareholders. We completed the JV of our Elba Island liquefaction project in the first quarter. That was done consistent with our budget assumptions. And in the second quarter, we secured acceptable financing for our Trans Mountain expansion project, creating a self-funding entity, KML, on the strength of all of our Canadian pipeline and terminal assets. Second, we signed up 1.65 Bcf of long-term firm commitment on Gulf Coast Express, our joint venture with Targa and DCP. We did that in the fourth quarter and expect to sell the remaining 300 a day in the first quarter of this year. We believe there's very strong demand for the remaining capacity and we fully expect to put it to bed, having fully subscribed under long-term commitments. This is a great project connecting growing Permian gas production with our large pipeline network on the Texas Gulf Coast. That gas can then serve the growing Texas market as well as the growing Mexican and LNG export markets. This is a significant enhancement to our network and adds connectivity to a rapidly growing basin to supplement our Eagle Ford supply base. All year long, our backlog has been stable at about $12 billion since our addition of new projects as offset projects going into service over the year. In 2017, we put in service just under $1.8 billion worth of projects. And our overall project performance proved quite good. In a recent look back, and this is not just 2017, the prior years as well, in a recent look back at our transportation and storage expansion projects, we came out almost exactly where, actually slightly better, than originally expected in terms of CapEx multiple of EBITDA. So, we are getting the economic value for our expansions that we aimed. Operational performance was also very good as we operated safely, reliably and cost-effectively. We performed well during the most recent cold snap, with three of our largest gas networks hitting historical volume highs. And we performed well and recovered well in our Gas, Products and Terminals segments through Hurricane Harvey and its aftermath. On the cost side, we realized real cost savings, not just some deferrals, in maintenance capital expenditures. Our operations and our project management teams have a lot to be proud of in 2017. We saw and we are continuing to see some nice volume trends. I'll compare fourth quarter of this year to the same quarter last year. First, in our national gas business, transport volumes were up 8% year-over-year. Sales volumes on our Texas system were up 4%. And crude and condensate gathered volumes were up 8%. While gas gathered volumes were down 2% year-over-year, when we look at the sequential quarters, that's third quarter of 2017 to the fourth quarter, our gathered volumes are up in all three of our key basin Eagle Ford; the Bakken; and the Haynesville. The Haynesville in particular is an encouraging sign as the activity level and the operational effectiveness of our customers has been improving nicely. Our transportation network continues to benefit from higher export demand, both from LNG exports and exports to Mexico. We are now delivering 3 Bcf a day to Mexico, which is 70% of the total U.S. exports to Mexico. Recently, we have also been seeing increasing storage values. Some of that's been driven by the impact of recent weather, but we also think there are some signs of perhaps a lasting improvement there. In summary, growing U.S. gas supply and demand drives performance on our existing assets and creates growth opportunities. We signed up 2.3 Bcf of new, long-term firm capacity commitments in the fourth quarter, bringing the total for the year to just under 4 Bcf and of that 4 Bcf for the year, 1.2 Bcf was existing previously unsold capacity. So, it drives both the value of the existing network as well as expansion and growth opportunities. Second in our Products pipeline, we saw year-over-year increases in refined products, up 3.8% in the quarter year-over-year and 1.2% for the full year. That latter number compares to 0.5% for the EIA estimate of increase in demand for the whole U.S. year-over-year. We also saw increases in our crude and condensate volumes of 1.7%. I'll make a bit of a cautionary note here. Our KMCC system serving the Eagle Ford was up year-over-year. It's well-connected and has been gaining in market share. It's a great system. But the Eagle Ford remains a challenge basin in terms of the transport capacity overhang out of that basin. So, we're happy with the volumes, but we remain very attentive to the competitive dynamics of that market and look to keep our pipe full. Overall, on refined products, domestic consumption is on a slow growth trajectory. But refined products, but our numbers have been a little bit higher than the domestic numbers overall. But refined products exports have continued to grow and we see that on our assets. One data point from our Houston ship channel refined products hub, we had a record month in December, moving 360,000 barrels a day over our docks on the Houston Ship Channel. John Schlosser and our Terminals management team have migrated that business into a primarily liquids, primarily refined products business built around our hub positions, Houston, Edmonton, Chicago and New York Harbor. John and the team have divested some of our non-strategic bulk assets. We'll talk about this more at the conference next week. But the business has been transformed over the last several years. And the connectivity and the multimode, multi-service capabilities of these hub positions mean that our Terminals business has a lot more than storage and contango. Another development, our Utopia pipeline project is mechanically complete. Mine fill is progressing right now and we expect to be in service in the next few days, about three weeks later than planned, but still in service in January of 2018. Turning to our CO2 segment, a couple of observations. We are seeing an uptick in third-party CO2 demand as we enter the early days of 2018. Our oil production on a gross basis is up 1% year-over-year with SACROC up and with the combination of Yates or Katz rather, Goldsmith and Toll Cotton up on a combined basis, while Yates was down 5% year-over-year. We continue to see good results from the transition zone at SACROC and we've had a number of projects over perform as we charge some of those barrels. Our performance has exceeded our original expectation and contributed to the increase in production in SACROC where production has recently been growing month over month. And we ended the year with December volumes, about 800 barrels a day higher than January of 2017. So very good progress there. So, in conclusion, a strong year with a strong finish at KMI, we performed well financially, commercially and operationally. We executed well on our expansion program. We strengthened the balance sheet and we provided a look forward on how we will be returning value to shareholders in the form of a well-covered and increasing dividend starting this year as well as a share repurchase program which is already underway. And with that, I'll turn it over to Kim.
Kim Dang: Okay. Thanks, Steve. Today we are declaring a dividend of $0.125 per share, consistent with our 2017 budget. And we've previously indicated next quarter, we anticipate declaring a dividend of $0.20 per share consistent with our guidance of an $0.80 per share dividend for 2018, which is a 60% increase over the dividend declared for '17. Last quarter, I told you two things. I told you, one, that we expected to finish the year slightly behind our DCF budget due to the impacts of Hurricane Harvey and reduced contributions from our Canadian asset as a result of the May IPO of a 30% interest in those assets. And two, that we expected to end the year at 5.2 times debt-to-EBITDA, with some possibility of ending at 5.1 times. Well, we finished the year not slightly behind our budget but ahead of our budget on DCF by approximately 26 million or $0.01 per share and at 5.1 times debt-to-EBITDA. In addition, we've generated approximately 300 more in discretionary free cash flow for the year than our budget. So, we had nice performance in the fourth quarter and for the full year overall. First, let me start with the GAAP numbers and I'll move to DCF, which is the way we look at and think about the numbers and performance. Like a lot of other companies this quarter, our GAAP numbers are significantly impacted by the change in the tax law. We booked 1.38 billion in estimated expense to account for the change, which masked the nice performance in our underlying business. In addition, the charge also masked the fact that from a cash tax perspective, the new tax law is a moderate positive for KMI as it postpones the date when KMI becomes a federal cash taxpayer by approximately one year to be on 2024. At earnings, we’re showing a net loss for the quarter of 1.045 billion or $0.47 per share for the fourth quarter, which is a reduction of 1.215 billion or $0.55 a share versus the fourth quarter of 2016. As I mentioned a moment ago, we had a $1.38 billion impact from the change in the tax law, which more than accounts for the decrease. Adjusted earnings per share, which excludes certain items, including the impact of the tax act, is $0.21 per share, up $0.30 or 17% versus the prior period. DCF per share, which is a primary way we judge our performance, is $0.53 per share or $0.02 per share, about 4% higher versus the fourth quarter of 2016. Total DCF of 1.19 billion is also up approximately 4%, $43 million in total dollars. The nice increase in DCF was driven by greater contributions from Natural Gas, from Terminals, from Products, as well as Kinder Morgan Canada and lower interest, partially offset by lower contributions from CO2, higher G&A, higher sustaining CapEx and the impact of the KML IPO. Overall, the segments were up 30% or 59 million, with Natural Gas contributing 41 million or approximately 70% of the improvement. Natural Gas benefited from nice performance on TGP, driven by short-term capacity sales and expansion projects and lower interest expense at NGPL where we have significantly reduced leverage and we’re able to refinance a portion of our debt at lower rate. We also benefited from expansion projects on Elba and SNG and better performance on some of our gathering assets, primarily Highland, which is in the Bakken. These benefits in Natural Gas were partially offset by lower contributions from some of natural gas – other natural gas gathering and processing systems, primarily South Texas and KinderHawk and the CIG rate case settlement. The increase that we saw in G&A was largely offset by a decrease in interest. Sustaining CapEx was about $11 million higher in the fourth quarter of 2017 versus 2016. As you may remember, our 2017 budget for sustaining CapEx was higher than our 2016 expenditures. Non-controlling interest is higher by approximately $10 million. Non-controlling interest is the primary place where we reflect the public's interest in the DCF of our Canadian assets. So, putting that together, segments up $59 million. Interest and G&A offset, less sustaining CapEx increase of $11 million and a $10 million increase in non-controlling interest explains $38 million of the total DCF increase of $43 million. As I mentioned previously, DCF per share ended up ahead of our budget despite approximately $40 million negative impact due to the KML IPO and Hurricane Harvey. Overall, the segments came in pretty close to their budget, overcoming the entire Harvey impact and we benefited from lower sustaining CapEx and cash taxes. Sustaining CapEx was a nice favorable to our budget. Some of which was associated with deferrals to 2018. But as Steve mentioned, a significant portion was also driven by lower project cost than we anticipated and budgeted. Certain items for the quarter were an expense of $1.5 billion, of which $1.38 billion was associated with our estimated impacts of the new tax law. Given the comprehensive nature of the tax reform as well as the proximity and enactment to many company's reporting date, the SEC and the FASB have given companies up to one year to report the impacts. Therefore, although we believe our estimate is an accurate one, we may have some further refinement to it in future quarters. The other more significant certain items for the quarter was $150 million non-cash impairment of our investment in SEC. Expansion CapEx. The expansion CapEx across for the year were approximately $3 billion. That's down from our budget of $3.2 billion. The $3 billion does not include any KML CapEx including spending on Trans Mountain from June forward as KML was a self-funding entity. KMI did not have to make any contributions during that time to fund KML. For the year, we generated approximately $380 million of discretionary free cash flow, which we calculate a DCF of $4.48 billion, less $2.98 billion on expansion CapEx and $1.12 billion in dividends. This exceeded our budget of $96 million by almost $300 million. As a result of our performance and improved debt metrics, we initiated our share repurchase program in the fourth quarter, one quarter earlier than we expected, purchasing approximately $250 million or 14 million shares. And with that, I'll move to the balance sheet. On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter at 5.1 times debt-to-EBITDA, flat to the third quarter, but down from the 5.3 times at the end of last year and below our budget of 5.4 times, largely as a result of using the proceeds from the KML IPO and the Elba JV to pay down debt. As you can see from our balance sheet presentation, we present two debt numbers just below the balance sheet. The first is net debt, which is a debt outstanding net of cash. And the second is net debt including 50% of the KML preferred shares. We used the latter one, net debt including 50% of the KML preferred shares in our calculation of debt-to-EBITDA, which is consistent with how the rating agencies treat those preferred shares. Net debt ended the quarter at $36.4 billion, down $58 million in the quarter and $1.75 billion for the year, which I will reconcile for you. In the quarter, we produced $1.19 billion in distributable cash flow. When you look at our cash flow statement, we spent about $830 million in terms of expansion CapEx and contributions to equity investments. Because we consolidate KML, that includes about $144 million of KML expenditures. And so KMI, excluding KML is a little under $700 million of spending. We paid dividends of 280 million. We repurchased shares of 250 million. And the KML funded its expansion CapEx that I just mentioned with about $190 million of preferred issuance and then we have working capital and other items which were a source of cash of a little under $40 million. For the year, we've generated $4.48 billion in distributable cash flow. If you look on the cash flow, expansion CapEx and acquisitions and contributions to equity investments, you'll see a number of almost $3.3 billion. Again, that includes the expansion capital for KML from June through December which was about a little under $400 million. When you take that out on a cash basis, the number I gave you earlier, the $3 billion on an accrual basis, on a cash basis, we had about $2.9 billion go out the door to fund CapEx. Dividends were $1.12 billion, $250 million use of cash for share repurchase. And then we took in IPO proceeds of 1.245 billion, KML preferred a 420 million which was used to fund its expansion CapEx. We had asset sales and JV proceeds of about 500 million, the largest of that was a little under 400 million at Elba. We got a tax refund for $144 million. We had a legal settlement for 65 and we had working capital and other items that were a use of cash of about 300 million. That's primarily timing associated with JV distributions. That's inventory, use of cash on inventory purchases, use of cash to pay to put it $70 million to put in the KML debt facilities and some other items. That gets you to $1.75 billion source of cash which we used to pay down debt. So, with that I'll turn it back to Steve.
Steve Kean: Okay. Turning to KML. Good progress to report here as well. A reminder, KML consisted all of the Kinder Morgan Canada pipelines and terminals assets. And those include our existing Trans Mountain pipeline system, which runs full and is the only outlet for Alberta Crude Terminal to get to the world market. We also have our Terminals position. We've built our Edmonton Terminals position over the last 10 years into the largest merchant terminal network in Edmonton and we continued to expand it and our Base Line Terminal joint venture with which as we announced earlier this week, is on time and on budget with the first four tanks of that expansion coming online earlier this week. The rest of the expansion is projected to be on time and on budget as well as its completed in phases over the course of 2018. So good update there. And all KML is comprised of two strongest, existing business platforms that are integral to fulfilling the transportation, blending and storage needs of producers and refiners and it has a substantial upside associated with the Trans Mountain expansion. Looking back of what we've accomplished over the year, I think we've accomplished a great deal. Early in the year we updated our final cost estimate following final federal approval to $7.42 billion Canadian. That gave our shippers the right to turn back capacity to us. Ian Anderson and his commercial team placed all the capacity. And in so doing have essentially reconfirmed the value and need for the project with a 2017 lineup of shipper needs based on 2017 market conditions. From the Pipelines perspective, the conditions supporting its construction or the need for it have improved from an economic standpoint. It's worth repeating that this is a much-needed project. It has the key approvals from and the support of the federal government. Also recall that we have built-in protections for the cost that are more difficult to estimate and control. These uncapped costs are associated with the most difficult mountain and urban portions of the build for example. If higher than shown in our cost estimate, they result in an adjustment to our total which includes not just cost recovery but recovery of the return as well. On the flipside, reduced cost flow through to the benefit of our shippers and our shippers benefit from the fact that other portions of cost are capped and we absorb the overrun on the capped portions, if any. In the third quarter update as well as the December press release announcing our 2018 outlook, we noted progress on permitting at the provincial and local levels. But we also acknowledge the need to see more progress before it would be prudent to ramp up to full construction spending. So, we've been executing on what we call a primarily permitting plan and here's what we are accomplishing with that. First, it's the prudent thing to do for our shareholders. We're managing spend at a lower level to full construction. And much lower than what we have planned in 2017 until we have greater clarity on permitting. To underscore that or to illustrate that, we ended 2017 at KML with no outstanding debt. We have a strong business with zero debt on it at the end of the year. We have the capacity to ramp up to full construction spending when that appears prudent. Just as importantly, Ian and the team have been working actively with the authorities, seeking the actions that would provide the needed clarity and making sure that we're getting them what they need from us. A couple of key developments there. The NEB granted our motion to allow us to construct notwithstanding the absence of permits from the Burnaby municipal government. Local governments are not typically in opposition as we’ve established community benefit agreements covering 90% of the pipeline route. But it is essential to be able for us to know that we can move forward even when local governments are opposed or are declining to act on permit. Second, we have made some progress working with the provincial authorities in British Columbia on clarifying requirements and time frames on permits and authorizations. We’re still working on this but we've made some progress. Here's what we are watching for as the milestones in our decision-making process. First, the outcome of our broader motion at the NEB. This is the motion to establish a clear, fair and timely process for dealing with permits and approvals at the provincial and municipal level. Second, we need to see continuing progress just overall on permitting. Numbers of permits coming in and granted. Third, we expect in the first part of this year, hopefully early, but in the first part of this year to have decisions on the judicial reviews. We believe strongly, those reviews should end up affirming the government's actions to date. And we hope to see that come through in the first half of this year, if not earlier in the first half. As this process is unfolded, good progress but still more needed. We've identified project schedule. And naturally associated with that is cost risk. We're using the term unmitigated when we put forward the December 2020 in-service projection because we've not completed the work necessary with our contractors to determine where we can save time and money on the build and we don't have a clear view of when the starting point is for that until we have the additional clarity that I mentioned. Bottom line, this project is needed. It's supported by the Federal Government of Canada, the provincial government of Alberta and many communities and First Nations along the route. We have actively saw the clarity that we need. We have seen positive developments on that front over the last quarter. And in the meantime, we are being very careful with our shareholders' money. And with that I'll turn it over to Dax to go over the financials and also the financing plan update.
Dax Sanders: Thanks, Steve. Before I get into the results, I want to highlight a couple of general corporate matters. On the capital markets front, we completed our second offering of the Canadian rate reset preferred stock in December. We launched with a base deal of $200 million. And in response to significant demand, we were able to upsize to $250 million and priced with a 5.2% coupon which nets us approximately $243 million of proceeds. As a reminder, our preferreds get 100% equity treatment under our construction facility and generally 50% through the eyes of the rating agencies. Combining our first and second offerings, we've now reached $550 million of preferreds. Overall, the success of this offering is yet another positive step towards KML raising the necessary capital to fully finance the expansion, as Steve mentioned. Also, effective January 2, KML became registered with the SEC in the United States. As such, we will become a regular filer of quarterly, annual and other documents with the SEC in addition to our filings with the Canadian regulatory authorities. While KML currently does not intend to list in the U.S., being a U.S. registrant will ensure that we can continue to present our financial results in U.S. GAAP indefinitely and maintain the most efficient management and corporate structure. As I move into the results and to review the results, as I did with the last two quarters, I want to preface my comments with the caveat that while I'll be offering quarter-over-quarter comparisons, those comparisons are of limited value at this point given that we are reporting a quarter where KML was owned by the public and we'll be comparing results through a quarter where its wholly owned by KMI. And during those periods, prior to the IPO, there were shareholder loans in place that generate significant FX, most of which is unrealized. Interest and other items not reflected with the true earnings power of KML. Therefore, we would ask you to focus on the results from full year 2017 and how they compare to the guidance we have provided throughout 2017 and you will see that the results are consistent with the guidance. Quarter-over-quarter variances will more over time. And obviously while we didn't have a published budget for KML to stay in one company for 2017, starting with 2018, we will publish one just as KMI does. In fact, we released the summary components of the 2018 budget on December 4 and we will speak to the details at the analyst conference next week. Going forward, we will be able to compare actual results to our budget. Now moving into the results. Today we are announcing the KML board has declared a dividend in the third quarter of $0.1625 per restricted voting share or $0.65 annualized which is consistent with previous guidance. With respect to earnings and net income, earnings for restricted voting shares is $0.11 for the quarter, which was derived from approximately $46 million of net income which is up approximately 161% from approximately $18 million of net income from the same quarter in 2016. That increase is mainly due to the non-existence in this quarter of the unrealized foreign exchange loss associated with intercompany loans that were settled with the IPO. Adjusted earning's was approximately $47 million compared to approximately $42 million through the same quarter in 2016 and is more reflective of the business performance as it excludes certain items. With respect to DCF, DCF per restricted voting share was $0.233 for the quarter, which is derived from total Bcf for the quarter of approximately 83 million which is up about 15.5 million from the approximately 67 million in the period in the comparable period in 2016. That provides coverage of about 7.3 million and reflects a DCF payout ratio of approximately 70%. Segment EBITDA before certain items is up $19.4 million compared to Q4 of 2016 with the Pipeline segment up approximately $8.8 million and the Terminal segment, up about $10.6 million. The Pipeline segment was higher primarily due to higher AEDC associated with spending on the project, lower O&M associated with the timing of coaching integrity projects completed earlier in the year and favorable Trans Mountain revenue from the flow-through of O&M and G&A cost as well as some increased capacity incentive. All of that partially offset by slightly lower revenues on Cochin. The Terminals segment was higher primarily due to a true-up on revenue on our JV with Imperial. The absence of unrealized foreign exchange losses from intercompany notes that existed in 2016 that are no longer in place are relevant to post IPO period which I mentioned and higher revenues from Edmonton South and banquet halls. G&A is higher by approximately $5.3 million due primarily to timing of capitalized labor associated with Trans Mountain expansion project, higher G&A terminals mainly from a true up on allocations on the Base Line Terminal and higher costs associated with being a public company. Interest cost is $2.1 million lower versus Q3 2016 primarily as a result of repayment of the intercompany loans. Sustaining capital is favorable approximately $3.9 million compared to the same quarter in 2016 due to timing with approximately $6.5 million of less spending on Trans Mountain, partially offset by approximately $2.5 million of greater spending on Vancouver Wharves. Cash taxes were essentially flat compared to the same quarter in 2016. Now to briefly recap where we came in for the year compared to where we got. During the Q3 earnings call, I said that we expected EBITDA for the full year 2017, including pre-and post IPO periods to be between $380 million and $390 million and that we expect the DCF to come in between 315 million and 320 million. In fact, EBITDA came in at approximately $388 million for the year and DCF came in at approximately 323 million. Now I'll move on to a few comments on the balance sheet comparing year end 2016 to year end 2017. Cash increased approximately $80 million which is due to 294 million of DCF excluding AEDC of $29.1 million. Again, that's 323 Bcf less 29 of AEDC or 294 million before AEDC plus approximately $537 million of net proceeds from the preferred offerings offset by $576 million of cash paid for expansion CapEx, $75 million cash paid for debt fees, $58 million of distributions, net of direct proceeds and $42 million working capital over use of cash. PP&E increased $527 million primarily due to spending on the expansion projects. Deferred charges and other assets increased approximately $91 million which is primarily attributable to unamortized debt issuance costs on the construction of working capital facilities. On the right-hand side of the balance sheet, total debt remained at zero, as Steve mentioned, as we ended the year with zero balance at both construction facility and the working capital facility. Other current liabilities decreased by almost $167 million which is primarily a result of the decrease in quarter and intercompany payables from KML entities to KMI which we have endeavored to minimize since the consummation of the IPO. Long-term debt decreased by almost $1.4 billion and that's a result of paying off the intercompany loans. As you can see, with the zero-debt balance, we ended the year with net cash of approximately $239 million even after adding 50% of our preferred equity to our net debt balance; our net debt position is only approximately $36 million which is consistent with Steve's comments by being prudent on spending on PP&E. Finally, I want to offer a couple of comments on expansion capital. On the Base Line Terminal project, we've now spent approximately $281 million of our share of the $398 million project total with approximately $117 million left to spend in 2018. On the Trans Mountain expansion, we have now spent a total of just over $900 million as of 12/31 with approximately $550 million of that spent by KMI in the period prior to the IPO and approximately $385 million spent by KML since the consummation of the IPO. And with that, I'll turn it back to Steve.
Steve Kean: All right. Sheila, we’re ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Jean Ann Salisbury with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hi, congratulations on the Gulf Coast Express, I just had a couple of questions about that. The first one is the three, maybe four owners on the gas pipeline seems like a lot. And I was wondering if you could give any color on how all these partners came to join the project? And do you think it was specific to GCX or is this kind of what doing business in the Permian now entails?
Steve Kean: Well, I think, and I'll let Tom expand if I miss anything here. I think, first of all, we’re very glad to have those partners. They are significant players in the Permian Basin. They have significant upstream investments that they're making and they are bringing significant volumes to the project. We are happy to have them in.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Yeah.
Steve Kean: And I think that they are interested in being in and bringing their volumes to the project because they think it's a good project. It did take a while to get all the JV stuff worked out. But we got through it and we have very strong demand for the project. I think there is interest in the producer segment, certain parts of it in investing in midstream infrastructure. And, of course, Targa and DCP are both very much in that business already. So, they are investing in midstream and they're already in that business. But I do think even outside of the midstream sector, there is some interest in investing in midstream projects from the upstream sector. Anything?
Tom Martin: No, I mean, I think really that's the main point, they brought together -- across the table a significant volume commitment as well as investment capital and we all three have a lot of experience with running major projects. So, I think it's a good merit really for this project. And as far as other opportunities, I mean, it really just depends on the situation. I think we feel very good about our opportunities to develop and execute on incremental projects, certainly, projects of this scale as those opportunities develop. But if there is a nice fit with volume commitments and looking at opportunities similarly like I think the other two partners in this one, we might do it again.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay. That's helpful. And then just as a follow-up. What are the remaining major permitting milestones for the Gulf Coast Express? And then how optimistic is October 2019 start up? Is there kind of a bigger thing that we should watch for that could cause it to split?
Tom Martin: No, I mean, it’s…
Steve Kean: No. Go ahead, Tom.
Tom Martin: It's an intrastate pipeline system. So, we’re really working this through local jurisdiction. And that process is getting started as of now. But we have a lot of experience of building pipeline in Texas and feel really good about our 2019 in-service period.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay. Great. That’s all for me.
Tom Martin: We certainly have permit hurdles to clear, but it's not like de-clearing a 7C process at the federal level. So, it doesn't take us long.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question comes from Kristina Kazarian with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Steve Kean: Good afternoon, Kristina.
Kristina Kazarian: Good afternoon, guys. Hey, so a follow-up on Gulf Coast Express. Beyond the cash flow you're going to get from this project itself, can you talk a little bit about how we should be thinking about the follow-on impacts for your assets on both the upstream in the Permian and the downstream on the Gulf side as well?
Steve Kean: Tom, go ahead.
Tom Martin: Yeah, I mean, clearly, there's some synergies on EPNG as incremental transportation opportunities afford themselves to the project. And the connectivity at Agua Dulce both to our network and to all the growth into Mexico and LNG, I think we're creating a lot of opportunity for incremental opportunities beyond what we've baked into the base project. I think layered on top, even beyond that is the storage opportunities as Mexico grows, as LNG goes into service in Texas, I think those will all provide further opportunities to this particular project as well as volatility out in the Permian, and how that translates to Agua Dulce. I think those will all be upside opportunities that will manifest itself in the project.
Kristina Kazarian: Great. And I'll ask a follow on as well. On the TMX project, I appreciate the milestones and clarity there. That set on the shifted timeframe to December 2020, how did you guys come up with that revised date? And may be if you could talk around conviction level here? Or at this point, is it a project that we just wait for continued updates as we hit those milestones and that progresses?
Tom Martin: Yeah, we set the expectation of an unmitigated December 2020 date, partly from the passage of time, but partly from just having -- we need to have a stake in the sand to put out there for our project schedule development and our project planning and we believe that that's a reasonable date. And if another two weeks passes, that doesn't mean that we move that date out another two weeks. We have, we think, the ability to meet that date and we'll continue to build our project plan around it.
Kristina Kazarian: Perfect. And a real quick one on fundamentals, turning it back there. Gathering volumes, I think they got a bump versus our 3Q '17 numbers. Can you kind of just talk through what you saw regionally?
Steve Kean: Yeah. We saw upticks in the Haynesville and in the Bakken as well as in the Eagle Ford. And additional drilling activity in Haynesville and Bakken, and then driving the Eagle Ford, Tom?
Tom Martin: Yeah. Those are really I think primarily re-contracting efforts that drove those incremental volumes plus, there's the Harvey impact in the Q3 and we got the -- we didn't have the same level of interruption in Q4. But overall, I think we feel good about our Eagle Ford position. I think, in 2018 but very excited about Haynesville and the Bakken and Highland as we go into 2018.
Kristina Kazarian: Perfect.
Steve Kean: And then Harvey in Q3 and then we have freeze ups in Q4. But probably the Harvey effect was bigger again.
Kristina Kazarian: Thank you very much guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Zarahn with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Steve Kean: Good afternoon, Brian.
Brian Zarahn: Hi, everybody. On Gulf Coast Express, the project is largely contracted. I'm sure you're happy to get that over the finish line. Any comment on average contract duration?
Steve Kean: Yeah. They're long-term contracts, meaning 10 years.
Brian Zarahn: Okay. And then is your project backlog assume a 50%, a 35% interest in Gulf Coast Express?
Steve Kean: I think we took it to 35%. Yeah, we put it at 35%. It could be 50%. But we put it at 35%.
Brian Zarahn: And when does the option for that shipper to acquire 15% interest expire?
Steve Kean: End of this year.
Brian Zarahn: End of the year. And then on tax reform, a positive on the cash tax perspective, pushing that out another year. How do you assess the impact of lower corporate taxes on your gas pipeline business?
Steve Kean: Yes. So, there's been a lot of that's been a developing issue. And let me give you our perspective on it. The short answer is that we think that this is going to so the impact of this, that meaning the potential flow-through of tax rate changes to shippers on our systems, is mitigated and will be spread out over time. So, it's mitigated because you have to adjust for negotiated rates and discounted rates. And an adjustment is going to impact what the max rates will be. So, the extent you have negotiated rates in place, which were negotiated and don't vary depending on variations and cost of service, or you have discounted rates that mitigates the impact. We also don't think that the FERC about 70% of our revenues by the way are under those kind of arrangements. And we also think it's mitigated because it was likely to be considered along with other changes in the cost of service. We do not believe that the FERC can or should isolate the tax law change for some separate immediate action. We also have many systems that have rates under blackbox settlements where all we agreed to is the final rates, we didn't agree on the individual cost of service component. So, we think it's very well established that needed the pipeline itself nor the commission and selectively adjust one element on the cost of service without considering the overall cost of service. So, our view on it is that this plays itself out over time through periodic Section 4 and Section 5 of the proceedings and settlement.
Brian Zarahn: I know it was a complex issue and I'm sure we will discuss this subject a little bit more next week at your Analyst Day. I'll leave off on a more housekeeping question. The share count at the end of the fourth quarter, roughly 14 million less or were there any other moving parts? Or capital buyback?
Steve Kean: Yes, 14 million shares.
Brian Zarahn: And then the 14 million off of the end of the third quarter is the right number for the end of the year?
Steve Kean: Yes.
Brian Zarahn: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Darren Horowitz with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Hi, Darren. How are you doing?
Darren Horowitz: Hey, I’m doing fine, Rich. I hope you and everybody is doing well in addition. Steve, a couple of quick ones for me. The first regarding your comments around the TMS milestones and the permitting progress and I know we are going to get into this a week from now. But what do you think the threshold is that drives incremental confidence for you in terms of the pace of permits that can granted? I remember last quarter you spoke about partials being granted that were almost 60% relative to what was needed which was I think over 620. So, what are the critical permits as it sits now for the Ministry of Transportation out of the 80 or so that are needed by next year? Is it still Spread 3 or 4 or has it developed beyond that?
Steve Kean: Look, I think really the main factor in consideration is that we think we've got a reliable and timely process for getting the permits. We are not going to get all the permits before we would begin construction. But we do need to see that there's a process in place and that we can count on it and that the timing is going to be reasonable. So that once we start, we can be confident that we are going to finish. So, there's no – we are not sitting around here with the magic number on permit count. We certainly look at that, absolutely. But I think it's more about making sure that we've got good working arrangements on how we are going to get through the permitting process, meet the requirements of the agencies, et cetera. But also that we have a backstop that will deal with any undue delays.
Darren Horowitz: Okay. That makes sense. And then switching gears, back to your comments on KMCC. How much pipe overcapacity currently exists relative to South Texas Eagle Ford supply? And when do you think that market effectively achieves balance between supply and takeaway capacity such that you can get a firming in rates?
Steve Kean: Okay. Well, the headline numbers is worse than the reality. But we think that there's probably 2 million barrels of takeaway capacity. And while the Eagle Ford is climbing, it's probably 1.2 million barrels a day or so. Now the reason I say that the headline number is worse than the reality is because, if you look at the system that the products pipeline team has built over the years, they continue to add connectivity to that system on both the supply end and the market end and we've seen volumes go up as we report it. So, we're taking market share, right, taking market share. But the point I was making is, there's a lot of capacity there. And so, we have to discount to take share on renewals and we'll do that where it's appropriate. But we’ve got a great system. And we think a very good system that gives people access to corpus as well as multiple points on the way to Houston and into Houston Ship Channel. And so, we think that our asset is well positioned and well fixed. So, Eagle Ford volumes will grow and we'll continue to look for ways to add connectivity and we'll be thoughtful about the re-contracting process.
Darren Horowitz: That’s all I had. Thanks. 
Operator: The next question comes from Dennis Coleman with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Dennis Coleman: Yeah. Thanks very much. Good afternoon. Just a couple of follow-ups on the Trans Mountain project. You had this release on December fourth where you talked about the potential that it becomes untenable to proceed. And that seemed like a fairly directed comment. But it does leave a little bit begging. We've now extended the unmitigated delay another three months. What's the circumstance where you get to that untenable position?
Steve Kean: Look, I think again, what we're doing here is I think all the right things for our investors, for our customers, for everybody. And that is we are carefully – we are being careful stewards of our capital and we're doing everything we can to get the clarity that we need in order to proceed. And that's the basis on which we're proceeding. We don't expect to find ourselves in an untenable position, but we've made that point in the filing, seeking the relief that we've asked for – from the regulator. And so, we said the same thing to the investors we said to our regulators. That's how we do things.
Dennis Coleman: Okay. So, there's been the regulatory filing, I see.
Steve Kean: Yes, correct.
Dennis Coleman: Okay. May be a different one on the share repurchase program. You did 250 right out of the gate in December. What kind of cadence do you see for that over 2018? Is it -- I mean, if you kept that cadence, you're done by July. Is it a longer time horizon now that you're out of the gate?
Steve Kean: Yeah, we're not giving specific guidance there. I'll say a couple of things. One is that, we think our stock price is attractive to buy. And the other thing is that we will be opportunistic about it. We will look at what our alternatives are for that cash and we think the stock price is an attractive buy. But there could be project opportunity as well. So, we are not giving guidance.
Kim Dang: Yeah. And Dennis, what I'd say is when you look at distributable cash flow for 2018, we will go through all this in the conference next week. Less dividends, less growth CapEx, we have about $568 million in discretionary free cash flow budgeted for 2018 that we will allocate to either share repurchase, new projects, paying down debt or some combination thereof.
Steve Kean: Yeah. Drive those at the beginning of the call, the real strength of the company I believe is in the cash flow. When we are funding every all of our needs with internally generating cash flow and have that kind of excess cash to use for various purposes, all of which we believe benefit the shareholder ultimately, even if it's just paying down debt, making the balance sheet stronger. That's where we want to be and that's our game plan.
Dennis Coleman: Okay. That's useful. And I'm sure you'll get more next week. One last little more specific question if I can. Hedging, you have a very established program. But we've seen a nice recovery in commodity prices here. Any chance to accelerate some of the out years with what you're seeing here? Or will you stick with the program?
Steve Kean: Yeah, we will stick with the program. We are a little opportunistic there in terms of when we put hedges on, et cetera. But we stay within the parameters that we have lined out for investors.
Kim Dang: Yeah. And Dennis, one of the reasons we say within the parameters. And the parameters, I mean, it could be between 60% and 80%. We like the prices. We go to the 80%. We don't like the prices, maybe we stay at 60%. So, we are opportunistic within the bands. But I think we're going to stay within the band. One of the reasons that we do have some costs that are tied to oil price. And so, if you hedge in a very different price market than when you actually go to produce the barrels and you have a cost structure that's tied to a very different oil price, you can get a mismatch. And so, we found that executing on a program is the best way to get the barrels hedged but have execute over time to have a little to help from having a mismatch on the hedge price and the actual price environment where we are producing.
Dennis Coleman: Okay. That's helpful. Obviously, it's worked over the last 15 years so just to question what the prices are. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Catellier with CIBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Robert Catellier: Hi. Good afternoon.
Rich Kinder: Good afternoon.
Robert Catellier: Congratulations on the success on baseline so far on the results. I just had two questions on the Trans Mountain there is two issues that I can see here before you can go to full construction. One is establishing that process to deal with the permitting issues and the second is the judicial reviews. So, could you clarify if you can move forward if the NEB establishes a process for dealing with permits but before the conclusion of the judicial reviews?
Steve Kean: Yeah. I think we want to see the outcome of the judicial review, primarily the federal review because that's the central thing, the Order in Council that was granted 13 months ago I guess now. And look, we think there is a model decision that you look back to, right, which is the Northern Gateway decision. And we read it, looks to us like the federal government read it too and we did everything that we were supposed to in putting together our filing and our participation in getting an NEB recommendation. It looks to us like the government did everything that it was supposed to do as guided by that order, if not more, frankly in what they did in terms of First Nations engagement, et cetera, et cetera. So that's our belief. But it's pricey to be wrong about that belief. And so, we'd like to see that come to the outcome that we are expecting, but we'd like to see that play out.
Robert Catellier: Okay. That's good color. Thank you. The last question is on the right of way. Can you just give us a brief update there?
Steve Kean: Yes, so we are in the middle of routing hearings at the NEB. Some of those have taken place already. There's one going on regarding Chilliwack today. We have Burnaby coming up shortly as well. And so those are proceeding and according to a set schedule, those are the places where we deal with route objections, where we identify the unobjected two lands and where we have the opportunity to procure. If we get objections to the route, we get a right of entry first. And then the question becomes what's the level of compensation involved? But first, we need to have the right of entry and then we can determine or reach an arrangement on the compensation level. But the main thing in my mind is we need to see the route hearings progress. And they are. They are.
Robert Catellier: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Hi Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi good afternoon. I just want to turn to the Bakken for a second and just was wondering if you could update us as far as your outlook there with Hiland, how things are progressing and how you see extending that platform. Do you see opportunity kind of repurpose assets for takeaway from the basins. It seems like there is certainly more growth at the commodity price level, just wondering if you could update us there.
Steve Kean: Yes. So, I'll break it into two pieces. One is the gathering and processing piece of this which continues to grow, continues to be an opportunity for us to invest, our volumes are growing there. We've been investing there and continue to add capacity. The other piece is the transport takeaway and the transport takeaway with the in-service of DAPL is a bit over piped, so the Bakken is growing and it may fill, the take away space faster than it's filled in the Eagle Ford and this is just a projection as good as what you paid for it. But I think there is more growth going on in the Bakken and less overhang on the capacity front. On the other hand, HH gets you to Cushing; DAPL ultimately gets you to an LLS kind of price market. So that does cause us to evaluate what else is short of capacity up there. And one of the things that appears to us to be short of capacity is NGL takeaway and so that it is a potential conversion candidate, but there is nothing to point you to specifically in that regard other than it looks like a nice fit.
Jeremy Tonet: That's very helpful. That’s it from me. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Tristan Richardson with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Tristan Richardson: Good afternoon. Just with respect Elba and Cash Flow timing there, does cash flow follow two distinct phases, initial phase in Phase II or as those units come on cash flow will follow as each unit comes up?
Steve Kean: Yeah. So, two things about that. We will have some more detail around Elba when we do the conference next week. But it is – most of the cash flow, the majority of the cash flow is, as I said, the majority of the revenue is associated with getting the first unit in-service. And so, we’re diligently working on all of the units and as is Shell and their upstream manufacturer but that's – it's weighted toward getting the first unit into service. And so, as you'd expect, we’re very focused on getting the first units in service.
Tristan Richardson: Great. Thank you. And then just lastly on Southwest Louisiana Supply. It seems straightforward but just curious if there's any contingencies the shipper has with respect to…
Steve Kean: Sorry, what was the question?
Tristan Richardson: Right. Just – is there any potential contingencies the shipper has if the downstream pole facility timing is delayed, et cetera? It sounds like shipments are already on your [all's] end in the first quarter this year?
Steve Kean: The transportation contracts do not go into service when the facility does. So, we would work with the customer as we do another project in the same situation and try to help them monetize or market their capacity. But there is no delay in our – in service of the transportation contract.
Tristan Richardson: Understood. Very helpful. Thank you, guys.
Operator: We are showing no further questions at this time.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. Have a good day.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-18 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Kean – President and Chief Executive Officer Rich Kinder – Executive Chairman Kim Dang – Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Dax Sanders – Chief Financial Officer-KML John Schlosser – Vice President and President-Terminals
Analysts: Jean Ann Salisbury – Bernstein Tom Abrams – Morgan Stanley Shneur Gershuni – UBS Brian Zarahn – Mizuho Darren Horowitz – Raymond James Danilo Juvane – BMO Capital Colton Bean – Tudor, Pickering, Holt Faisel Khan – Citigroup Jeremy Tonet – JPMorgan Robert Kwan – RBC Capital Markets Becca Followill – U.S. Capital Advisors Dave Winans – Prudential
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion of today's call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. You may begin.
Rich Kinder: Okay, thank you Brendon. And before we begin as always I'd like to remind you that today’s earnings releases by KMI and KML and this call include forward-looking and financial outlook statements within the meaning of Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and applicable Canadian provincial and territorial securities laws, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosures on forward-looking and financial outlook statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of KMI’s and KML’s earnings releases and to review our latest filings with the SEC and Canadian Provincial and Territorial Securities Commission for a list of important material assumptions, expectations and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking and financial outlook statements. With that behind us, let me start by making just a few remarks. Steve and Kim will detail the financial results. But once again the cash flow of KMI remains strong and demonstrates in my mind the strength and stability of the assets underpinning Kinder Morgan.  Now let me remind you that a segue into the fact that generating strong, sustainable and growing cash flow is our prime objective at Kinder Morgan. Until late 2015 after the collapse in oil prices occurred, our strategy was to distribute essentially all of that operating cash flow to our shareholders through dividends and to fund our expansion CapEx by issuing equity and debt in roughly equal increments. That approach worked through thick and thin for about 18 years, but it became prohibitively expensive with the events of the weakened energy markets after the oil collapse and thus in December 2015 we cut our dividend. That's the hardest decision we've ever had to make at our company. We changed our strategy and decided that going forward we would live within our cash flow funding our expansion CapEx and dividends entirely out of that cash flow without needing to access capital markets for debt or equity, except of course the rollover of long-term debt obligations. At the same time we wanted to strengthen our investment grade balance sheet and reduce our debt to EBITDA ratio to around 5x. How we done in the seven quarters since we changed our modus operandi? Well we've paid down approximately $5.9 billion in debt, thereby strengthening our balance sheet and we've paid for a fairly robust expansion CapEx program and all our dividends out of our cash flow. As a consequence we announced on last quarter's call our future dividend policy, which calls for increasing the annual dividend from our current $0.50 to $0.80 in 2018 that's an increase of 60% and with further increases of 25% per year in 2019 and 2020, which results in a $1 dividend in 2019 and $1.25 in 2020. In addition, our board authorized $2 billion in share repurchases during that three-year period. And we intend to continue to fund all expansion CapEx needs out of our cash flow. I remind you that Trans Mountain of course is being funded and our publicly traded Canadian affiliate, KML, without further KMI capital infusion. As the largest shareholder in this company I believe that this is a reasonable and sustainable path forward for this company. And I just want to reiterate those points for your benefit and I’ll turn it over to Steve.
Steve Kean: Alright, thank you Rich. I’m going to update you on KMI performance and then turn it over to Kim as usual to take you through the financials. Following that I'll update you on KML and turn it over to Dax Sanders, CFO of KML, to give you the KML financial and capital raising update. Then we’ll take your questions on both KMI and KML. Starting with KMI, we had a good third quarter and a good first three quarters of 2017. We are running ahead of plan year-to-date, but as we've been saying all year, we are calling that timing and expect to be essentially flat plan for the year after adjusting for the impact of the IPO, KML, as well as the impact of Hurricane Harvey. Looking back over the first three quarters of the year we have completed the two key steps that we outlined in beginning of the year to strengthen our balance sheet and put us in a position to return value to shareholders. We completed the JV of our Elba Island liquefaction facility in the first quarter, consistent with our budget assumptions and in the second quarter we secured acceptable financing for our Trans Mountain Expansion Project, creating a self-funding entity on the strength of all of our Canadian pipeline and turmoil assets. We continue to expect that we’ll end 2017 with the debt to EBITDA ratio of 5.2 times, versus the 5.4 that we projected at the beginning of the year. Now for a few business segment performance highlights. First, we made promising progress on our Gulf Coast Express expansion project. This 1.9 Bcf a day pipeline would connect growing Permian Basin gas supplies with our existing Texas Intrastate network. We announced earlier this month that we are working to finalize definitive JV documents with Targa, DCP and Pioneer, each of which would bring substantial significant volumes, commitments to the project. We believe that the combination of Targa’s and DCP’s Permian Basin networks and our Texas Intrastate market access provides a very attractive value proposition to our customers.  We are in advanced stages on firm transport agreements with core shippers. We've made substantial progress on this since our last earnings call, but we have not yet placed the project in the backlog. We will when we finalize the shipper agreements which we are targeting for this quarter. Second, we're pleased to announce progress on several key projects in KMI. We placed our $130 million Susquehanna West gas pipeline project into service ahead of schedule in September 1. We are nearly complete on three other natural gas pipeline projects, all of which are either on time or a little bit ahead of schedule. These are Connecticut pipeline expansion, our Ryan pipeline project and our Triad pipeline these are expansions on our TGP gas pipeline system, totaling about $270 million of capital spend. We're also a little head of schedule on our $540 million Utopia NGL line, and expect to place it in service in December of this year. We've made excellent progress on this project. Recall, that we discussed on this call, the third for call last year, that we have received an adverse decision on eminent domain in one of the Ohio circuit courts. Our team did an excellent job of acquiring the necessary right of way, including reroutes and the purchase of an existing system. The pipe is now in the ground, all of our HDDs are complete, we're completing the hydro testing and drying of the pipe, and we have final tie-ins in commissioning remain. This was great work by our commercial project management right of away legal and the rest of the organization, to get this project from where it was a year ago to now being ahead of schedule.  The backlog is steady at $12 billion, down just slightly from the second quarter update due to additional projects being placed in service slightly more than offsetting projects added to the backlog. In our natural gas segment we saw transport volumes increase year-over-year by 3%, key contributors were Mexico exports higher LNG exports and those were partially offset by lower power demand year-over-year. We also saw slightly more – we saw a slightly more than 1 Bcf, about 1.2 Bcf of new natural gas firm transport agreements with about 100 a day of that being existing, but previously unsold capacity, which, I think, is tangible evidence of the growing demand for natural gas infrastructure both new and existing. Shifting to our Products Pipeline segment, refined products volumes and NGLs are each up 1% year-over-year, crude and condensate volumes are down Q3 to Q3, but slightly up year-to-date. Crude and condensate volumes in Q3 of 2017 were affected by Hurricane Harvey's impact on the refining capacity on the Texas Gulf Coast, which in turn impacted our KMCC system volumes. Volumes on KMCC are now above their pre-Harvey levels. In our terminals business, the segment earnings before DD&A was essentially flat, year-over-year now withstanding the impact of some asset divestitures and the impact of Hurricane Harvey on our Gulf Coast asset utilization. We have also remained aggressive in keeping all of our Jones Act vessels under charter and discounting as necessary to do so. In CO2, we experienced a lower effective oil price compared to last year and lower oil volumes. So we are on plan in this segment, in part due to stronger NGL prices. We've seen some promising progress at our Sac Rock field, where we have begun to delineate and capture volumes from the transition zone. This is a zone just below where we have historically been producing.  In three of our projects now we have seen oil from this zone. We have more work to do here, but this is a promising development that will add to the reserves we can target and extend the life of this field even further. We've also maintained our cost discipline in this segment and essentially held the line on costs notwithstanding the rapid increase in Permian Basin activity. A couple comments on Hurricane Harvey, first, our employees responded magnificently to prepare, and respond and recover. Second, as we pointed out many times our cash flows are secured by our contract structures to minimize our exposure not only to changes in commodity price, but also the usage level – usage levels.  So for example, we had a de minimis financial impact from Harvey on our interstate natural gas business, where the contracts are reservation based and generally don't require reservation charge credits until after a grace period. The impacts on volume were on volume based charges such as throughput and ancillary charges on our liquids terminals assets, which are – and as well as some of our petcoke operations, our Houston Central processing plant, which operated at lower rates until refiners and the petchems came back up. And KMCC, which as I mentioned, experienced reduced volumes, while the refining capacity was down, but has since recovered to pre-storm levels. So overall I would say a strong quarter and year-to-date at KMI with strong financial performance and continued good progress on project execution. With that I’ll turn it over to Kim.
Kim Dang: Okay, thanks Steve. Today we're declaring a dividend of $12.50 per share, consistent with our budget. On performance, first let me highlight a few points and then I'll take you through the details.  I’ll start with the GAAP numbers and then I'll move to DCF, which is the way we look and think about the numbers and performance. On earnings per share, third quarter earnings per share is up $0.25 or 249%, versus the third quarter of 2016. However, the way we look at it adjusted earnings per share, which includes certain items is flat, versus the prior period.  Our DCF per share, which is the primary way we judge our performance is $0.01 lower versus the third quarter of 2016 or approximately $26 million down, primarily attributable to reduced contributions from SNG as a result of the 50% sale in the third quarter of 2016.  Reduced revenue due to Hurricane Harvey, higher sustaining CapEx and pension contributions, as well as the reduced contributions from our Canadian assets due to the IPO of the 30% interest in those assets. These items are partially offset by lower interest expense, nice performance on TGP and multiple new build Jones Act tankers entering service. For the third quarter and year-to-date, as Steve mentioned DCF is ahead of our budget, but that is largely timing with sustaining CapEx and natural gas O&M being the largest contributor. For the full year absent the impact of KML and the hurricane very roughly $20 million each or $40 million in total, we would expect the DCF to be on budget. Taking the impact of KML and Harvey into account, we expect DCF to be less than 1% below budget. On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter at 5.1 times debt to EBITDA flat to the second quarter, but down from the 5.3 at the end of last year, primarily as a result of paying down debt with the approximately $1.25 billion in net proceeds that we received from the KML IPO. Currently we're still projecting to end the year at 5.2 times as we previously communicated. But depending on the timing of expansion CapEx and exactly where we land on EBITDA, it is possible that we may end the year at 5.1 times.  On expansion CapEx we’re forecasting $3.1 billion for the year that is down from our budget of $3.2 billion. The $3.1 billion does not include any KML CapEx, including spending on Trans Mountain from June forward as we expect KML to be a self-funding entity, i.e. KMI does not expect to make contributions this year to fund KML. Because of the equity that KMI contributed to fund the Trans Mountain Expansion prior to the IPO, KML has the capacity to draw on its construction facility to fund its CapEx for balance of the year. Now let turning to some of the details. Looking at the preliminary GAAP income statement, you’ll see that revenues are down by 1% in the quarter and that cost of sales is up resulting in $107 million reduction in gross margin. Typically when we see revenues down, we also expect to see cost of sales down. But the sale of the 50% interest in SNG accounts for $83 million or just under 80% of this variance. Therefore excluding the SNG transaction, gross margin would be down 1%, which is pretty consistent with how we – how we view our overall results for the quarter. Net income available with common shareholders in the quarter was $334 million or $0.15 per share, versus $227 million, or a loss of $0.10 per share in the third quarter of 2016. More than all of the $561 million increase is explained by a $576 million change in certain items, on which I will give you some details in a moment.  After certain items net income available to common shareholders is down $15 million and earnings per share is flat to the 2016 numbers. Certain items in the third quarter of this year were a benefit of $6 million. Pretax certain items were an expense of $47 million the largest driver was $32 million in expense associated with the change in fair market value of our derivatives contracts, which are primarily used to hedge our commodity exposure in CO2 and our midstream natural gas business segment.  We reflect the impact of these hedges in DCF when the physical transaction occurs. You will also notice $9 million associated with Hurricane Harvey. These are largely repair costs, for example, cost to repair or rebuild motors, pumps, and actuators due to flooding damage in our Houston Ship Channel facility. We expect that we'll have additional repair costs in the fourth quarter and that these repair costs will be recoverable from insurance subject to our $10 million deductible. You’ll often notice that there is a certain item tax expense, which is a benefit of $53 million dollars. A significant portion of the benefit is associated with being able to claim the enhanced oil recovery on our 2016 tax return as opposed to only being able to claim the deduction. Now I'm going to turn to the second page of financials which shows our DCF for the quarter and year-to-date and is reconciled to our GAAP numbers. As I said earlier, DCF is the primary financial measure on which management judges this performance. We generated total DCF for the quarter of $1.055 billion versus $1.081 billion for the comparable period in 2016, down $26 million or 2%. Looking at the breakdown of the quarter-to-quarter change, segment earnings for DD&A and certain items is down $29 million. Natural gas is the driver down $31 million. All of the $31 million and more is associated with the SNG transaction, which had roughly a $15 million impact quarter-to-quarter. At the CIG rate case and reduced volumes on some of our midstream gathering and processing assets also impacted the segment in addition to Hurricane Harvey. We estimate that Hurricane Harvey impact on our natural gas segment to be under $10 million, which is our estimate of the revenue that we did not collect primarily in this segment as a result of our customers being offline during the storm. The cost that we are incurring to repair our assets and that we expect to be reimbursed by insurance, subject to the deductible are included in the Certain Items. This is consistent with how we have treated other hurricane impacts in the past, where we reflect the damages as a certain item expense and the insurance proceeds when we have a proof of loss as income.  After the SNG sale and the estimated Hurricane Harvey impact, the natural gas will up slightly, primarily as a result of expansions and capacity sales on TGP, EPNG and the Elba Express expansion. The CO2 segment is down to $12 million or 5%, primarily associated with slightly lower oil production approximately 350 barrels a day net and a $4 per barrel lower oil price. The terminals and product segments are up $12 million on a combined basis offsetting CO2. Products and Terminals would have been up over $35 million, excluding the combined impact of Harvey and our two terminals divestiture. This increase was driven primarily by new-build Jones Act tankers placed in service and nice results on our refined products assets. The Kinder Morgan Canada variance is small, G&A is $4 million lower quarter-to-quarter, interest expense is lower by $40 million in the quarter versus the third quarter of 2016, as a result of lower balance just slightly offset by higher rate. We use the proceeds from the SNG joint venture transaction and the KML IPO to pay down debt. Sustaining CapEx is higher by $22 million versus the third quarter of last year. As you may remember, we budgeted for 2017 sustaining CapEx to be higher than 2016. Cash taxes are lower by $13 million as we were able to defer certain payments until 2018 as a result of the hurricanes. Other items were higher by about $24 million as we made a cash pension contribution in the third quarter of 2017 and we did not make one in the third quarter of 2016. KML impacted by about approximately $8 million in the quarter net. The direct impact is reflected in non-controlling interest which reflects the public share of KML’s earnings and that impact is somewhat offset by interest savings. Totaling the quarter-to-quarter variances, segments down $29 million, $44 million benefit from G&A and interest and a $33 million combined increase in expense from sustaining CapEx, cash taxes and other items as well as approximately $9 million KML impact, results in a DCF change of approximately $27 million versus the $26 million actual change. DCF per share was $0.47 in the quarter versus $0.48 for the third quarter of last year are down $0.01, all of which is associated with the DCF variance, I just walk you through. $0.47 per share results in over $770 million of excess distributable cash flow above our $0.125 dividend for the quarter and almost $2.5 billion year-to-date above our declared dividends. As I said earlier, for the quarter and year-to-date we are ahead of our budget but for the full year we expect to be on our budget, excluding the impact of KML and Hurricane Harvey. Excluding the impact of those two events, we would expect DCF to be less than 1% below budget. With that, I’ll turn to the balance sheet. From a balance sheet, we ended the quarter net debt of $36.467 billion. There you'll see two lines on the balance sheet this quarter, the second line is our net debt including 50% of the KML preferred which is the treatment we get from that preferred with the rating agencies 50% has been treated as debt and 50% is treated as equity. So when I reconcile debt, I mean reconcile the net debt, the first line net debt $36.467 billion that's down $1.69 billion year-to-date and down $134 million in the quarter. So in the quarter down $134 million, DCF was $1.055 billion, we spent $822 million on expansion CapEx and contributions to equity investments. We paid dividends at $280 million, the proceeds from the KML preferred offering were $230 million. Asset sales which was primarily in our terminal improvement of $47 million, we got a tax refund of $144 million, we paid a legal settlement of $65 million and then working capital and other items for use of cash of $175 million. But the two largest uses being accrued interest which is about $114 million and then the other use of cash being timing on JV distributions and debt repayment down at the JV of about $40 million. Year-to-date debt has increased $1.69 billion, DCF was $3.29 billion contributions to equity investments and expansion capital, $2.47 billion, paid dividends of $840 million, the IPO proceeds on KML and the KML pref are $1.475 billion, asset sales and JV proceeds for cash source of $504 million, the largest of which was the Elba JV. We got a tax refund of $144 million, a legal settlement of $65 million and working capital and other items for a use of cash of $350 million with the largest uses of cash being accrued interest of $158 million and that’s because we primarily make our interest payments on our debt in the first and the third quarter. Debt issuance fees of approximately $70 million, most of which was associated with the Trans Mountain financing that we completed in May. And then inventory and gas purchases for a use of capital of about $100 million primarily as the Texas intrastate get ready for the winter season. And as I said earlier, we ended the quarter at debt-to-EBITDA of about 5.1 times, we still expect to end the year at 5.2 times with maybe some chance that we come at 5.1 times. With that, Steve, I’ll turn it back to you.
Steve Kean: Okay. Just a reminder on KML, KML consist of all of the Kinder Morgan Canada pipelines and terminals assets and those include our existing Trans Mountain pipeline system which runs full and is the only outlet for Alberta Crude to the world oil market, also includes our Puget Sound System, which takes oil from Trans Mountain and delivers it to Northwest Washington State refineries it includes Canadian portion of the ocean delivering condensate to Alberta for blending with the oil sands crude as part of the transportation, so crude comes down from the oil sands to our merchant terminal position in Edmonton, we have to move on Trans Mountain or other pipelines or through one of our joint venture crude by rail facilities. We've built our Edmonton tanks position over the last 10 years and continue to expand it with our Base Line terminal joint venture with Keyera, which is on time and on budget with first tanks coming on in early 2018. Finally Vancouver Wharves, our multi commodity bulk terminal in Vancouver harbor and the gateway terminal for mineral concentrates into and out of Western Canada is also part of KML. So in summary, KML was comprised of two strong existing business platforms that are integral to fulfilling the transportation blending and storage needs of producers and refiners in Canada. And it has the substantial upside associated with the Trans Mountain expansion. On that expansion, we call that in Q1 of this year we reached a milestone. We increased the cost projection above the cap which gave the shippers the right to return capacity to us when all of a sudden done, all the capacity was placed that’s reaffirming the market need for this project based on 2017 shipper line up and 2017 oil sands economics. I'm repeating this because I think it's worth bearing in mind as we go through the various ups and downs in this project that this product is vitally important to our customers. Also recall that we have built-in protections for the costs that are more difficult to estimate and control, these uncapped costs associated with the more difficult mountain build and the urban portions of the build. If higher than our cost estimate result adjustment to our toll which includes costs and also the return by the same token reduce cash flow through to the benefit of shippers and our shippers benefit from any other portions of our costs that are capped if we and we absorb the overrun if any. We also have our federal approval and our BC environmental approval in hand. Okay, so now the key for us on this project is access to land and permitting so that we can be confident the ability to officially construct this project. We recently received some good news on that front as we receive permits from British Columbia granting access to nearly half of the Crown land parcels that we need in British Columbia. We also received this week permits from Alberta granting access to many of that provinces, Crown parcels as well. These are undoubtedly positive developments and they've occurred very recently. However, the pace of the permitting process and therefore our overall construction activity has started off slower than we planned. So as we said in the KML release without mitigation what we have experienced so far translates into the delay of up to nine months. Again the recent progress of permitting is promising but we need to continue to seek ways to accelerate that progress. Also as we will continue our review of the construction schedule and mitigation, we will manage our spend prudently and wisely to maximize shareholder value. For example our full year budgeted spend for 2017 has been reduced by about CAD340 million and we reduced our forecast for the balance of the year by about $160 million from our previous internal forecast in the last forecast that we made. I think this is very tangible evidence that we're going to continue to be careful stewards of KML shareholders capital. As we continue the permitting in the development of this project. And with that, I'll turn it over to Dax for the financial update on KML.
Dax Sanders: Thanks Steve. Before I get into results and outlook I want to highlight a recent occurrence in the bank capital markets front. During the quarter, we completed our first offering in Canadian rate reset preferred stock in August, we launch [indiscernible] $200 million in response to significant demand we were able to upsize the $300 million in price with the five and a quarter coupon which netted us approximately $293 million in proceeds. As a reminder, our plan for financing the project contemplates that we will raise $1.5 billion of preferreds during the construction period and those preferreds get 100% equity treatment under our construction facility and generally 50% to the eyes of the rating agencies. Overall the success of this offering was yet another positive step towards KML raising the capital necessary to fully finance the PMX expansion. As I alluded to our viewed results, as I did last quarter I want to preface my comments with the caveat that while will be offering quarter-over-quarter comparison these comparisons have limited value at this point given that we are reporting a quarter where KML was done by the public and will be comparing results for the quarter where it was wholly-owned by KMI and during those periods part of the IPO, there were shareholder loans in place that generated significant FX most of which is unrealized. Interest and other items not reflective of the true earnings power KML therefore we would ask you to focus on the outlook for the balance of 2017 which you will see is consistent with what we've previously discussed, quarter-over-quarter branches will need more of a time and obviously we don’t have a published budget for KML, a standalone company but starting with our budget cycle this year we will publish one just as KMI does. Now moving into the results and outlook for the rest of 2017. Today we're announcing the KML board, declared dividend from third quarter of 0.1625 per restricted voting share or $0.65 annualized which is consistent with previous guides. With respect to earnings and net income, earnings per restricted voting shares of $0.11 for the quarter which is derived from approximately $42 million of net income, which is up over 100% from approximately $20 million of net income for the same quarter in 2016. That increase is due mainly to lower interest and foreign exchange associated with intercompany loans that were set with the IPO. Adjusted earnings was approximately $42 million, compared to $36 for the same quarter of 2016 into the more reflective of the business performance as it excludes certain items which I will discuss in a minute. With respect to the DCF, DCF per restricted voting share was $0.214 for the quarter which is derived from total DCF for the quarter of approximately $77 million which is flat to the comparable period for 2016 that provides coverage of approximately $5.4 million reflects a payout ratio of approximately 76%. Segment EBDA before certain items is up $1 million compared to Q3 2016 with a pipeline segment up approximately $300,000 and the terminal segment up about $700,000. The largest moving pieces within the segments are higher AEDC at Trans Mountain ancillary fees at the Edmonton south terminal offset by lower cubic volumes and a contracted throughout, see reduction at the Alberta Crude terminal JV that was implemented in Q4 last year. G&A is higher by approximately $1 million with a largest contributor being audit fees associated with being a public company. Interest cost is $5.7 million lower versus Q3 2016 primarily as a result of the repayment of the intercompany loans and greater capitalized interest associated with projects. Total certain items for the quarter were 400,000 tax affected with most of that being unrealized FX associated with small intercompany interest payable that was tied to the larger loans between KMI and KML that were extinguishing. That payable was cleared up at the beginning of the third quarter and should not create any further FX. Sustaining capital was unfavorable approximately $4 billion compared to the same quarter in 2016 due largely to the time we spent on Trans Mountain mainline and overall higher spend in the terminals. CapEx is we’re essentially flat compared to the same quarter in 2016. Now moving on to some specifics of the full year 2017, we expect EBITDA for the full year 2017 including pre and post IPO periods to between $380 million to $390 million and we expect DCF to come in between $350 million and $320 million. A decrease in expected DCF from $320 million that we mentioned last quarter and $315 million to $320 million is primarily attributable to lower AEDC associated with lower expected spend on the Trans Mountain project versus what we expected at the end of last quarter. These expectations are consistent with $395 million and $318 million 2016 EBITDA and DCF respectively that we highlighted during the IPO. With that, I’ll move on to a few comments on the balance sheet. For the end of the year 2016 to September 30, the cash increased approximately $101 million which due to $240 million of DCF plus $293 million of net proceeds from the preferred offering I mentioned and $165 million net draw on the construction facilities that I mentioned offset by $392 million of cash, actually paid for expansion CapEx $75 million paid for debt fees, $15 million of distribution net proceeds and $45 million working capital/other use of cash. PP&E increased $359 million, which is primarily due to spending on expansion project. Deferred charges and other assets increased approximately $86 million which is primarily attributable to unamortized debt issuance cost on the construction and working capital facilities. On the right hand side of the balance sheet, short-term debt increased by $165 million which is the balance on the construction facility. The $500 million working capital facility had zero balance. Other current liabilities decreased by almost $159 million, which is primarily result a decrease in quarter end, intercompany payables from KML entities to KMI which we’ve endeavored to minimize since the consummation of the IPO long-term debt decreased by almost $1.4 billion to zero and that was a result of paying off the intercompany loan. As you can see, we ended this quarter with net cash of approximately $165 million even after adding 50% of our preferred equity to our net balance we are still in net cash positive position of $15 million. With that, I’ll turn it back to Steve
Steve Kean: Okay, with that, we will take questions on KMI and KML. Okay, Brendon.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Jean Ann Salisbury with Bernstein. You may begin.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hi, good afternoon. I just had a couple on Gulf Coast Express it seems like since Permian flows to Mexico have not really materialized yet, the outlook for Waha in the next year or two keeps getting worse. Can you speak to whether it seems like Permian – those are getting more noticed about in basin pricing for gas over the last six to nine months.
Steve Kean: Okay, well, I will see if Tom has any other color, not speaking to their nerves but really just speaking to the fact that the contracting process goes – is going a lot faster I think the people are realizing that perhaps here’s another way that they need to get out of Waha, that the volumes going to Mexico as you said are not materializing as quickly maybe as the pipeline capacity to move to Mexico has materialized. And so now with the Texas Gulf Coast becoming more of a premium market, shippers are definitely looking to get there. I think that’s fair to say that tangibly is showing up in the FPA agreements that we are working on with them. So when they get eased they obviously observe the basis differential between the Permian today. And what it is in Houston ship channel when they get eased to our system they can access Mexico through our connections with Mexico including a pipeline that serves Monterey, they can also access the emerging LNG liquefaction capacity that is coming on line on the Gulf Coast plus the petchems plus the Houston area utility power demand in industrial market. And so I think it gives, speaking – not speaking for the shippers but I think it gives producers the option to exploit a large number of different and varied market and not that on or depends solely on what the prospects for power demand growth in Mexico are. 
Jean Ann Salisbury: Make sense. So it really has picked up over the last quarter it sounds like?
Steve Kean: It has.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay, and then [indiscernible] FID and still hit second half of 2019?
Steve Kean: Well, we talked about, we didn’t talk about FID, talked about adding it to the backlog I mean I think we are hopeful and working toward trying to get things resolved and done this quarter and I think we are making very good progress on that but its not completely done. And Tom in terms of the – sometime this quarter as we need to get it done.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay. And the 1.9 is that kind of the maximum on that diameter, no real expansion CapEx?
Steve Kean: Yeah, I think that’s max.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay, great. That’s all from me. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Tom Abrams with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Steve Kean: Hi, Tom, how are you this afternoon?
Tom Abrams: I’m good, thanks. Just – before I ask my question, a quick follow-up on the Gulf Coast is the first question. Do we have a cost number for your portion yet?
Steve Kean: We have not put out a cost or return numbers because it’s a competitive situation out there. But we have a 50% interest that we are contemplating we could go below that to the extent that we end up cutting additional equity yield and exchange for significant volume commitments being brought to the project.
Tom Abrams: Okay, we’ll wait on that then. But my question was on recontracting I think in your 17 Analyst Day, you gave like it was 1.5%, 1% for 2018 and 2019 respectively on what was the risk you thought which is really quite modest. Is there any reason is in developments why that should more or less as you see it now?
Steve Kean: I mean nothing material that I can speak to at this point.
Tom Abrams: All right, and then attach to that a little bit, I think you heard say in your working capital comments, what Kim said, a $40 million debt pay down at the pipeline level. Correct me if I’m wrong on that particular fact. But do you see additional requirements to make pipeline level debt pay down through 2018?
Kim Dang: The $40 million just refers to in aggregate, the difference between the DCF that is in – what’s in our DCF and what we got in distributions from equity investments. And so in some cases, we have at that level that has amortization payments with it and that’s primarily Ruby, and Gulf LNG have some. But that number also just includes timing, whereas sometimes there’s a quarter lag between the DCF and and the distribution coming out. 
Tom Abrams: Got it. And then second part of the question in terms of anticipated pipeline level debt pay down? 
Dax Sanders: Anticipated at joint ventures other than amortization, I mean we have a maturity, I guess on Ruby next year of about $250 million and we have a maturity on FEP next year of about $250 million. And so we have – as we go through the budget process we’ll decide whether we refinance that debt or whether we pay it off.
Tom Abrams: Alright great. And then if I could stick one more in just looking at some of the kind of quickly hear what you’re talking. So maybe not accurate, but the sales volumes and some gas gathering numbers in the gas segment seem to be declining a little bit, any commentary around that?
Steve Kean: Yes, we had, I think, we had sales volumes down on the interest rates for transport volumes up, right, in almost equivalent amounts. But on gathering and processing we have – we think we’re starting to see some sequential month to month pick up in gathering volumes. But we have experienced certainly on a year-over-year basis declines in the key basins in which we access. And in some cases those declines have exceeded what the overall basin decline is, I think, the key example there is Haynesville, which is actually grown year-over-year.  The primary shipment that we have there has not been an active exploiter of what we think is very good rock is under their acreage. We expect that’s beginning to change. But we haven’t seen the recovery there yet. So we’ve seen declines that are commensurate plus a little more, I’d say than declines that are overall apparent in the basins from Q3 of 2016 to Q3 of 2017.
Rich Kinder: We expect growth in the fourth quarter, so we feel like we’ve bottomed out pretty much also all our more gathering systems. 
Tom Abrams: All right, that’s great. I’m sorry.
Steve Kean: Tom, coming back to Kim’s answer on Ruby and FEP those are both eight-eights she gave you we obvioulsy own half of each of those pipelines. 
Tom Abrams: Alright, thanks for that. I’ll get back into queue. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from Shneur Gershuni with UBS. Your line is open. 
Rich Kinder: Hi Shneur, how are you?
Shneur Gershuni : Good, how are you Rich. 
Rich Kinder: Great.
Shneur Gershuni : Just a couple of questions maybe the sort of follow-up on Gulf Coast Express. I realized because you are in a kind position you can’t discuss capital costs, but on a previous call you’d mention that it would be north of a $1 billion. I was wondering if it’s possible to put an upper range in terms of the entire project cost as… 
Rich Kinder: I think last time I said $1 billion to $2 billion. And I’m sticking to it. 
Shneur Gershuni : Great.
Rich Kinder: I mean it’s fairly transparent. We just don’t want to give our competitors any particular insight into our cost there Shneur. 
Shneur Gershuni : No, it’s fair enough. And really she can’t talk about returns by, is it you should if we think about it in terms of your current project backlog would it be kind of similar to kind of the returns you typically expect or could it potentially be higher or lower? 
Rich Kinder: Yes, I think comparable to gas backlog. 
Shneur Gershuni : Okay, great. And then with crude sort of stabilizing a little bit in some of your hedges are now rolling off on – in the C2O segment. Are there any plans to revisit potentially selling this segment or doing something with this segment? 
Rich Kinder: We can’t comment on that in any kind of a specific way about potential transactions, but look we can say again that we like this business. We’re happy with this business. We get attractive returns on the capital that we invest. I think we’ve got two specific businesses and niche business for us, but we have two very key advantages that we bring to it. One is access to CO2, which is a scarce commodity. And the second is a really talented EOR team that knows what they’re doing with the enhanced oil recovery fields that we have. And so we’re happy to continue to own this business and think we bring real advantages to it. But it is a niche business for us. 
Shneur Gershuni : Okay. And then a final question with respect to the share buyback that annonced last quarter, do you see any scenarios where you can potentially execute it at a faster pace than this kind of the three-year plan that was outlined certainly given where your stock prices are currently at?
Dax Sanders: Well, our intention is to execute over that three-year period. And as far as the exact timing and clearly we are not happy with our stock price right now, its trading in it, is a whole midstream sector is not trading well and we’re trading poorly, particularly on price to DCF basis. But the share buyback is part of the long-term plan of return value to our shareholders and the implementation of that is going to be just as we said in 2018, 2019 and 2020. 
Shneur Gershuni : Okay. And one final question. Do you haven’t have the CO2 CapEx spend for this quarter?
Kim Dang: Yes about $100 million. 
Shneur Gershuni : Great. Perfect. Thank you very much guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Zarahn with Mizuho. Your line is open. 
Rich Kinder : Good afternoon Brian.
Brian Zarahn : Hi Rich, how are you?
Rich Kinder : Good.
Brian Zarahn : Just following-up on the buyback question in the scenario that the midstream capital market – equity markets remains soft, is there possibility to expand buyback authorization and potentially not grow just the dividend as much in the out years?
Steve Kean: Well, we’ve said Brian repeatedly that we intend to return all of our operating cash flow above our capital expenditure level to our shareholders and either dividends or stock buybacks. And we’re on record is saying what our dividend policy is for the next three years. So I would anticipate we would follow that. Now certainly if you get beyond that period of time and I’d certainly believe this will be the case that you have a disconnect between what we believe the disconnect between evaluation and where the stock prices we would look at it differently. But for the forseeable future, I think, we’ve committed to this dividend policy and this share buyback policy, and I think that’s where we are at this point.
Brian Zarahn : Okay, fair enough. Shifting to Trans Mountain, perhaps if you could clarify a bit some of the prior comments that you still expect late 2019 as of now if you can execute on these contractor efficiencies otherwise as a nine-month delay. And then potentially can you just discuss a bit more about the unfolding events in courts and how we should think about or likely an appeal from – on this case and if I can better understanding of the parameters of the potential and the service date?
Rich Kinder : Okay, yes, I think there’s really not a lot to add to what’s in the release, which is that if you just as the delays experienced to date and just flow that through the schedule, we believe that results in a nine-months delay, but that’s unmitigated. And we also have a case where with with a lot of mitigation, and with several assumptions we can call back to the December 2019 in service day.  And so there’s work to be done on mitigation, there’s work to be done on on permiting, and working with our contractors, which we really haven’t had an opportunity to do in terms of bringing them into examine our assumptions on cost, and schedule and the rest. And we’ll be doing that over the coming weeks and months. In terms of the the appeals, we think a couple of observations there. So there’s the BC provincial approval, there’s the federal Order in Council. The BC provincial approval we think it’s very worthy of note that the current BC government is defending the EA, the environmental assessment order, in terms of the adequacy of consultation with First Nations by the prior BC government, okay. And so I think that’s a noteworthy development, that’s a development within the last few weeks really.  On the Order in Council, what we would say the federal order, is that we believe that we and the federal government did everything that the Northern Gateway order advised us to do in terms of additional consultation work suddenly we think the federal government did an excellent job of defending the orders that it issued and took into account all the relevant matters. It’s always hard to predict court proceeding outcomes. And what happened and whether someone takes an appeal or not. Appeal is not automatic to the Supreme Court of Canada, just like it’s not automatic here. But again I think it’s noteworthy that the D.C. government is defending the prior order and, I think, it’s also noteworthy that the federal government did a lot of additional consultation and additional work in order to meet the concerns that we identified in the northern gateway decision. 
Brian Zarahn : And then just lastly, if there is an appeal to the federal Supreme Court, how do you think about timing in that scenario? 
Steve Kean: Again very hard to predict or project. We’ve had experience with our Anchor Loop Project, which was a project that we felt through the national and provincial park and we had NED certificate or NED order it was appealed, we prevailed on that appeal. Ultimately appeal of that court decision was denied. And so it’s – just it’s it’s hard to know how that would play out until we see the facts.
Brian Zarahn : Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Our next question is from Darren Horowitz with Raymond James. Your line is open. 
Rich Kinder: Hey Darren, how are you?
Darren Horowitz : I’m fine thanks, Rich, I hope you and everybody doing well. Steve, I just had a quick question for you on Gulf Coast Express. And I appreciate that from a volume commitment level it’s still very fluid as you guys finalize ship agreements. But you’ve discussed before having access to one Bcf/d of gas across the system Texas Intrastate taking out BPNG volumes as well. So how do you balance the economic decision with regard to how much gas on the line you could source both on KMTP and EPNG and have the ability to get that synergies to got with in terms of capacity utilization upstream of the pipe versus what could be 0.5 of Bcf/d with associated gas coming out of the sealed gates [ph] of targets processing plants and of course what DCP you would contribute from their assets including what they’re going to do at sand hills?
Steve Kean : Darren as always you load a lot into a question. I think what you’re getting at those is how do we look at getting in transport commitments versus purchasing the gas ourselves, which we need for our Intrastate State Texas portfolio of sales activities now which you’re – what you’re getting that. 
Darren Horowitz : Yes.
Steve Kean : Okay, okay. That is something we’re looking at, I think it’s fair to say that we are first and foremost filling out with 10-year transport commitments. But there’s definitely a benefit to us accessing additional sources of gas particularly as we’ve seen both declines in the Eagle Ford maybe leveling out now, but also an overcapacity out of the Eagle Ford. So adding to our sources of supply as you say, is a positive and it is something that we’re evaluating that is entering into a purchase agreements for supply that we can use for our own system needs. 
Darren Horowitz : Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from Danilo Juvane with BMO Capital. Your line is open.
Danilo Juvane: Thank you for taking the questions. How are you guys today?
Rich Kinder : Good.
Danilo Juvane: Good. Quick question from me on Utopia. None of the pipeline has shift to ethane only, does that at all impact the contracted volumes on the pipeline?
Steve Kean : No, there’s no change to the contracted volumes. 
Danilo Juvane: Got it. And you guys filed year-to-date assumptions in Gulf LNG. I was wondering if you had any updates on the arbitration process there and when you’re planning to the ultimately advance this of course your liquid fashion?
Steve Kean : Yes, so two things. Really the arbitration is proceeding, we believe our case is exceedingly strong. We may get a result by the end of the year in that case. In terms of opportunities on Gulf Coast liquefaction those are things that we continue to evaluate. But I think looking at kind of the worldwide market situation for LNG, we’ve got the current buildout taking place really across north – across the country, across the U.S. And then I think most analyses which show that it’s really 2023 to 2025 before we see another significant uptick and demand. And so we may be waiting until, now you have to start earlier than that to meet that demand. But we may be waiting until the market is ready to start addressing that increase in demand. So that’s ways off. 
Danilo Juvane: I appreciate that. One final question from me. You announced, I think, one project on SNGs to Fairburn Expansion, is that the only project that we’ve announced since that the JV was announced by the company?
Steve Kean : Yes.
Danilo Juvane: Do you see visibility to any incremental growth or expansion as a result of this JV going forward?
Rich Kinder : I mean there are certainly opportunities that we’re discussing with our partner and in the marketplace. So I would expect that we’ll see more overtime.
Steve Kean : Yes, fair to say too, it takes time, Fairburn Expansion is preceeding well, they have third-party shipper interest and contracting for capacity on that expansion. So I think that’s going well, according to plan.
Rich Kinder : Our partneship with Southern Company is a very good partnership both from our standpoint and their standpoint.
Danilo Juvane: Do you have any sort of order magnitude as to what incremental growth could be from that?
Steve Kean : Yes, not really an estimate that, I think we can give you at this time. 
Danilo Juvane: Okay. That’s it from me.
Steve Kean : I think it’s working according to plan. I mean when we announced that transaction and the things that we thought about that transaction at the time not just the balance sheet benefit that we would get, but the value of associating ourselves with Southern Company an active developer of gas-fired generation capacity and a large customer on the system I think those are materializing. And I think the working relationship is quite good. 
Danilo Juvane: I appreciate the answer. Those are my questions. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from Colton Bean with Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Your line is open. 
Rich Kinder : Colton, good afternoon.
Colton Bean : Good afternoon. So I just wanted to speak on the Nat Gas team. You guys are currently moving to the permitting process on the NGPL Southbound Expansion project. So just assuming that project goes ahead, how much more reversal capacity would you have available and just looking at a couple years you’ve got Rover and Nexus and ultimately the Alliance expansion dropping up quite a bit gas in the Midwest. So it seems like all that will be looking to find a home further south. So just maybe timing and thoughts around any potential projects beyond what you currently got queued up? 
Rich Kinder : I mean I think there’s now probably 250 to 400 more that we could do the additional expansions and that that’s probably another couple of years out through the thrid process, but those discussions are ongoing with Gulf Coast customers as well as even Canadian producers some extent as well as producers also of Rockies Express. 
Steve Kean : You’ve identify I think the right trend there, which is we do think that there’s going to be Canadian gas that wants to find its way to another market further south and we think that there will be – there will be additional westbound supplies coming into NGPL that also want to get south to Mexico, to LNG, et cetera. 
Colton Bean : Got it. Thanks for that. And I guess so you’ve touched on Utopia, I think, you’ve also just recently received authorization for [indiscernible] on TGP, so just thinking about you and TGP kind of longer term thoughts around NGL takeaway from the northeast, where do you guys stand on that currently? 
Rich Kinder : Yes, correct. We did get the advantment it is a project that we continue to work on. I think, but there’s nothing new to update or material to update there at all. And I think that there will be with all the expansion capacity coming to takeaway capacity coming online, and production presumably increasing behind it. I think that there’s a bit of a wait and see in terms of how much NGL capacity, is how much NGL production is going to want to find a way home and where it’s going to want to go, what the impact of the Shell facility is going to be in Pennsylvania and the other expansion projects out of it – out of the basin. So I think there’s – there are several things that have to play out over the coming months.
Colton Bean : Okay. So just continuing to advance the project, but nothing really new to comment on that.
Rich Kinder : Right.
Colton Bean : Got it. Alright, well thank you. Helpful.
Operator: Our next question is from Faisel Khan with Citigroup. Your line is open. 
Rich Kinder : Good afternoon Faisel.
Faisel Khan : Hey, good afternoon Rich, Steve and Kim. Just a couple of questions. Just I want to understand some of the text in the press release around Trans Mountain. The nine months, nine months delay is that – how I figured that into the uncapped versus the capital cost of the line. Understanding that you can completely mitigate that cost if you could? 
Rich Kinder : Yes it’s really, Ian you want to answer the question.
Ian Anderson: Yes, I don’t think nine-month, It’s Ian Anderson, I don’t think the nine-month delay scenario that we could be based with have a bearing on the capped versus the uncapped. If we have additional AFUDC, for example, over a period it would flow equally to proportionally to the capped and uncapped as it’s currently fine.
Faisel Khan : Okay understood. And then if I understand the Federal Court appeals case right now, and there what you’ve heard, I guess old arguments and briefs. So I mean this sounds like if just one of the final thesis of a ruling that you need, I mean what else am I looking at here? My understand some the stuff around the DCEO, but for FCA, I mean if you – once you get this ruling is that what else and what are the challenges can be assume not be against you?
Rich Kinder: I mean, we have the ruling that we need in terms of the federal government’s order and council. It’s just that order in council is being appealed. The fact that there’s appeal and depending on the outcome of the results of that appeal doesn’t mean that we can’t construct and we encountered this in the U.S. as well where somebody might be appealing an aspect of a first certificate, for example. But depending on what the court finds and if it does find an infirmity depending on what that infirmity is, that doesn’t necessarily stop us from continuing to progress the project. So look we can’t predict outcomes of court proceedings and this is the key one, there’s no question. But we have the authorization that we require from the federal government.
Faisel Khan : And depending we see to some of the further permits and approvals is that mutually exclusive of the FDA or is there any link to that?
Rich Kinder: No, those are different things, those are different things. So for example, what we’re talking about and what we received here just recently Friday of last week and then Tuesday, I guess right this week were permits from the Alberta and British Columbia provincial authorities giving us access to crown lands. So that’s a separate – that’s a separate set of permits, not having to do with the order and council that’s on appeal in the federal court.
Faisel Khan : Okay, okay, got it. And then shifting back to the U.S. on the – regarding on processing side, so I just want to understand just the commentary on this. So the volumes are down about I guess 5% or so sequentially quarter quarterback, I guess the 150 million a day or so to 2.5 Bcf/d. We’re just trying to understand like, how much of that was related to hurricanes and how much was sort of the base decline rate taking place in these two businesses, I guess?
Rich Kinder: Okay I’ll ask Tom to give you any other specifics that he has. So our volumes are gathered volumes if you look from 2Q to 3Q of 2017, would have been affected by the hurricane. And so what I mentioned earlier the petchems shot in that’ll have a cascading effect and refineries, that will have a cascading effect upstream to like gas processing plants like our Houston Central plant, for example, where if we’re not processing the gas, we can’t put it in the gas stream because it won’t be quality specs, it hasn’t been dried out, the liquids have to be extracted.
Faisel Khan : Okay.
Rich Kinder: And so then in turn that box if you will upstream to the producers who have to be shut in if their gas is too rich to be taken into and it’s not pipeline quality gas. Now there whether Harvey effects like some producers got effectively rained out there and had to shut down their operations. We had situations where if they couldn’t control pressures, we couldn’t take a physical risk. And so there are a number of factors. That would definitely have an impact on 2Q of 2017 to 3Q of 2017 volumes, obviously in the Eagle Ford.  When I was talking before I was talking about 3Q of 2016 to 3Q of 2017 and the fact that we were having gathering volume declines there, some of which are explainable by the difference between those two periods in the basin performance, right which again we’re starting to see level off and turn around now. You got to do this basin by basin almost. But also some of it is, I think, we’re running a little behind basin volumes here too. And that’s a function of where people are maximizing – where people are optimizing, where they have minimum take obligations, for example, and a number of other factors.
Faisel Khan : Well, I guess, let me ask it this way then. Are you back up to the two points, the declines have flattened out in 2Q versus 1Q, and look like, you look like if that working we’re going to be flat sequentially. But is that a fair statement, when I look at where you are today do you have a number today we worked on.
Steve Kean: Well, the biggest single area that we saw declines from Q2 to Q3 was in Copano South Texas, which was the Eagle Ford. And yes we are back up to pre-storm volumes here early in the fourth quarter. We also fall somewhat of a decline on our Kinder hub system and that’s largely dependent on BHP activity, which we view that as timing that will we expect to growth volumes there as we proceed into the fourth quarter and into 2018.
Faisel Khan : Okay got it. The last question from me, just on the Jones Act tanker market, where you guys seeing rates right now and how are things sort of trending and I guess another vessel and truck. Where are the spot rates and where do think things are right now versus a quarter ago?
Steve Kean: John Schlosser is the President of our Terminals Group this year, so John.
John Schlosser: Sure. Our rates in 2015 we were roughly 62,000 a day across the entire fleet. Last year they hit a high watermark around 67,000 a day. And because of the decline this year we’ve seen them come back down the 62,000 a day across the entire fleet. That’s an average fleet.
Steve Kean: Average fleet, correct.
Faisel Khan : Okay and then – if the end demand is that coming back or if some of these contracts roll off?
Steve Kean: The market is continued to soft. We anticipate that same soft through 2018, we think that will be more like 2019 now. 
Faisel Khan : Okay that’s very helpful. Thanks guys I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Hi Jeremy, how are you?
Jeremy Tonet: Good thank good afternoon. Just a couple of quick clean up questions here. Just want to make sure as clear as far as the hurricane impact on your results for the quarter and how you’re treating it. So for the $175 million of EBITDA that would exclude any damages, but lost business for the quarter would be included in that number. Is that the right way to think about it?
Kim Dang: Yes.
Rich Kinder: That’s correct.
Jeremy Tonet: Okay. So it would have been even higher, gotcha without that. Thanks. And then as far as going through the portfolio that you guys have right now and thinking about non-core assets, do you guys think you’ve kind of completed that process at this point or are there other things that you might look to – you might look to sell at this point?
Steve Kean: Yes, I think we’ve done some divestitures of non-core assets, particularly in the Terminals Group in our bulk terminals business. There’s nothing that I would say is currently on the list, but it’s also something that we continue to review, and evaluate and see if it makes sense if we get a higher price in somebody else’s hands, whatever higher value in somebody else’s hands if you need to work on the balance sheet, et cetera. But I think we’ve done a lot of that work already.
Jeremy Tonet: That’s helpful. That’s it from me. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Kwan with RBC Capital Markets, your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Robert, how are you?
Robert Kwan: Good, thanks Rich. Just on the Trans Mountain permit, I’m wondering you have a number of how PC permits were needed when the NDP came in and how many had been granted post the change of government?
Steve Kean: Yes, Robert it’s Steve. It’s difficult to boil it down to those numbers, given the fact that there are so many, for example, Ministry of Transportation, permits that we require of BC, north of 900. And those will come kind of in bundles by location geographically that we’ve prioritized. And what I can say is that the parcels and tracts of land that we got access to this past week were 327 of 631.  So above a little more than half of all of the BC Crown land access that we needed, we were granted last week. We’re working hard on the process to satisfy the condition or satisfy the permit requirements for the Ministry of Transportation. But there’s tough to them and many of them marked really required as for construction schedule to next year, depending on location. We’re working hard on kind of the Northern interior sections spread three and four. There’s probably about 80 there that we’re anticipating were seen up soon. And then there are a number of smaller ones related to things like wild life and stream access, but the number overall is well over a 1,000 that we need from the British Columbia. And we’ve continued to get in the hundreds since the NDP took their seat. And I think the other message there Robert is that the bureaucracies and the statutory authorities of BCF continue to do the work. We don’t get to see any evidence of any political influence.
Robert Kwan: I understood. And with the lower 2017 spending estimate just drilling down into the nature of that, is it pretty much all just a delay in what you’re going to have to spend on contractor and construction activities or are you also delaying some of the ordering of longer lead time materials?
Steve Kean: No it’s essentially all related to delays in permitting out approvals and conditional release that we need in the varying sections of construction and land access would be a part of that as well. 
Rich Kinder: Let me just add that as we’ve said in the release and Steve as said, the permitting has been slower than we expected it to be. And we certainly need that permitting in order to build this project obviously and what we’re doing here and I think Steve and Ian are doing a great job on it. We’re not going to waste shareholder money. We’re being very careful on how we spend the dollars because of the situation that we’re currently in and that’s the numbers as Steve gave you and we’ll continue to look at spending levels as we go forward and then just in accordingly. 
Robert Kwan: Okay, that’s actually great lead in my final question. With the up to nine months delay that you’re looking at right now, and you’ve talked about the potential to try to mitigate that delay given we’ve got some of the court cases over the next few months. How do you kind of assess your desire to mitigate the delay versus a desire to mitigate risk by waiting instead for the court decisions?
Rich Kinder: I mean, I think is principly a matter of mitigating the effects of the delay on schedule assuming we can do that in a very cost efficient way. And I’m optimistic that we can as work with our contractors in the permitting authorities to create more efficiency and timeliness of those processes of the events a last of weeks are very ecnouraging. And I’m optimistic as a result of those, but we need to maintain that and we need to be work with our contractors now to look for ways and means to keep schedule.  The court actions as Steve said, we’ll play out as they play out, and I’m not going to speculate or predict of when or how those involve, we feel good about the cases that were put forward to the panel, viable to federal government anything in ourselves. And those decisions will flow in the normal course, but we’re not at this point attaching any schedule impacts as it relates to the FCA preceedings. 
Robert Kwan: Great, understood. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question is from Becca Followill with U.S. Capital Advisors. Your line is open. 
Rich Kinder: Hi, Becca, how are you?
Becca Followill : Good thank you. Three minor questions. Kim, on the certain items that are listed in footnote one gas pipeline to negative $44 million to negative $20 in terminals positive 2018. Can you outline what those are? Why you’re looking – I’ll ask the second one, the legal settlement you’ve talked about, what was that for and can your mind for the amount? 
Kim Dang : The legal settleement was associated with the UPRr right away. 
Becca Followill : Okay.
Kim Dang : And that was approximately $65 million. With respect to certain items – I can – why don’t we just do this offline?
Becca Followill : Okay, we’ll do that. 
Kim Dang : I can talk to you about what each of those are, for example on thermals it’s probably associated with the sale of our interest and deep rock, which is a gain on that. Our natural gas it’s probably associated with the Eaglehawk settlement, which is a positive impact. But then you’re going to have contract amortization on a fair value of that charter rate and in terminals, which is going to potentially increase the gain, because that tax rate revenue that we record. We report as the certain item. So there’s a whole host of items which I’m happy to just do it in off line.
Becca Followill : Okay, the last question is on the Southwest Colorado Production CO2 segment, the gross numbers are top and that numbers are down is there something unusually going on there?
Steve Kean: Yes, absolute, gross numbers are up and better down, and so we had an expansion on one of our Southwest Colorado pipeline assets, and our partner in that expansion went non-consent, which means that we got the benefit of that of the higher interest ownership until pay out of that investment. Did I get that right? Okay.
Kim Dang : This is on the volume from CO2, that right. 
Steve Kean: Yes, but she is talking about that why is the gross different from the net. 
Kim Dang : That’s from the production, they were non-consent on the pretty field.
Steve Kean: On the field.
Kim Dang : On the field not on the pipe.
Steve Kean: Pipeline expansion. So partner went non-consent and then when the project paid out the partners interest returns. 
Becca Followill : Okay, gotcha. Thank you. That’s all I had. 
Operator: Our next question is from Dave Winans with Prudential. Your line is open. 
Rich Kinder: Good evening Dave.
Dave Winans : Hey thanks guys. Just easy one, after the adjustments what’s the total budget capital spending budget at KML now?
Steve Kean:  In for 2017.
Kim Dang : Q3 and Q4 are 214 and 267 roughly. 
Dave Winans : Thanks for taking one from a bondholder, appreciate it guys. 
Rich Kinder: Do you get that Dave?
Dave Winans : Yes, I got it. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from Faisel Khan with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Faisel Khan : Sorry guys, just one last question. The the pension contribution in the quarter, how much was that in that like to sort of show you for the year?
Kim Dang : Yes it’s $22 million and that’s all we expect to make this year. 
Faisel Khan : Thank you.
Operator: At this time I’m showing no further questions.
Rich Kinder : Okay. Well, thank you all very much. And Yankee fans watch the game, I know the Astros friends will be. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s conference. All lines may disconnect at this time.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-20 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Rich Kinder - Executive Chairman Steve Kean - Chief Executive Officer Kim Dang - Chief Financial Officer Dax Sanders - Chief Financial Officer, KML Ian Anderson - President, KML
Analysts: Jean Ann Salisbury - Bernstein Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt Shneur Gershuni - UBS Ted Durbin - Goldman Sachs Darren Horowitz - Raymond James Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Jeremy Tonet - JPMorgan Chris Sighinolfi - Jefferies Michael Blum - Wells Fargo Linda Ezergailis - TD Securities Becca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors
Operator: Welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. You may begin.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Natalie, and welcome to the Kinder Morgan quarterly analyst call. Before we begin, as usual, I'd like to remind you that today’s earnings releases and this call includes forward-looking and financial outlook statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and applicable Canadian provincial and territorial securities laws, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosures on forward-looking and financial statements, and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings releases, as well as review our latest filings with the SEC and the Canadian provincial and territorial securities commissions for a list of important material assumptions, expectations and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking and financial outlook statements. Let me begin the call by saying that at the end of 2015 we made a very difficult decision to reduce our dividend for the first and only time in KMI's history. We said we would work hard to strengthen our balance sheet and fund our growth CapEx from our internally generated cash flow without having to issue equity or additional debt. And that when we had made sufficient progress on those goals, we would begin to return additional value to our shareholders through some combination of dividend increases and/or stock repurchases. Since that time, we have reduced our debt by approximately $5.8 billion and funded all of our CapEx out of operating cash flow while paying a dividend of $0.50 per share per year. Today we are happy to announce multiple steps to return significant value to our shareholders. We plan to increase our dividend for 2018 by 60% from the current level of $0.50 per year to $0.80 per year beginning with the dividend payable for Q1 of 2018. We then expect to continue to increase the dividend by 25% per year '19 and '20, resulting in a dividend of $1.19 and $1.25 in 2020. Additionally, our board today authorized a $2 billion share buyback program also expected to begin in 2018. We intend to take these steps while continuing to strengthen our balance sheet by funding all our growth capital needs at KMI out of operating cash flow without the need to issue equity or incur additional debt. We expect to maintain best in class coverage for our dividend, for example about 2.5 times coverage in '18 and two times or better in '19 and '20. To sum up, we intend to fund our growth CapEx needs at KMI from internally generated cash flow and return excess cash to our shareholders through a growing dividend and share repurchases. And with that, I will turn it over to Steve.
Steve Kean: Okay. Well, that’s the big announcement. I am going to take you through KMI performance highlights and then turn it over to Kim Dang, KMI's CFO, to take you through the financials. Following that, I will update you on KML and turn it over to Dax Sanders, CFO of KML, to give you the KML financial update, and then we will take your questions on both KMI and KML. So starting with KMI. We had a good second quarter and a good first half of year. Performance was a little better than planned for the quarter and the first half of the year. As we said on the first quarter call, recalling that timing and expect to be essentially flat to plan for the year after adjusting for the impact of the IPO of 30% of all of our Canadian pipelines and terminals assets as a result of the IPO. Also, we have now completed the two key steps that we outlined at the beginning of the year to strengthen our balance sheet and put us in a position to return value to shareholders as Rich told you. Number one, we completed that JV of our Elba Island liquefaction project in the first quarter. That was consistent with our budget assumptions. And in this quarter we secured acceptable financing for our Trans Mountain expansion project. With those steps now complete, we project to end 2017 with a debt to EBITDA ratio of 5.2 times versus the 5.4 we projected at the beginning of the year. It's worth noting a couple of things from the KMI perspective on KML. By creating an entity with all of Kinder Morgan's existing Canadian assets and taking that entity public, we established a business that is broader than the expansion project. These assets include our existing pipeline and terminals asset networks in Canada, including what we believe is the best merchant terminal position in the Edmonton hub. The Edmonton position is a network with facilities interconnected with each other and with Trans Mountain and third party pipelines. We continue to expand that network with our base line terminal project which I will get into in the KML portion. The Canadian pipelines and terminals businesses produced a little under $400 million of EBITDA Canadian, in 2016. The strength of this business and it's opportunity to grow further creates an entity that can raise its own capital for the $6.1 billion in remaining spend on the expansion. In fact, we closed shortly after the IPO on a construction credit facility that Dax is going to take you through in a bit. So we were able to strengthen KMI'S balance sheet using the IPO proceeds to pay down debt, secure an acceptable means of funding our largest expansion capital project which will benefit both KMI and KML shareholders alike. Now a few KMI business segments performance highlights for the quarter. First, the backlog currently stands at $12.2 billion. That’s an increase from last quarter. We had new project additions in gas and CO2 which outpaced projects that were placed in service primarily in the terminals segment. We continue building out this backlog which we expect will contribute significant EBITDA to the segments when complete. Overall project management performance has also been quite good, delivering results that are consistent with our investment decisions. We are also, and I would say especially in natural gas, seeing additional opportunities on the horizon across multiple fronts, whether it's producer push projects out of the Permian, additional power plant connections, export needs to Mexico and LNG as well storage opportunities. In our natural gas segment, we saw transport volumes increase year-over-year, Q2 to Q2, by 3%. Key contributors were Mexico exports which were up 8% year-over-year, higher LNG exports coming off of our pipes, and partially offset by lower power demand. On the other hand, our gas gathering volumes were down year-over-year by 12%. Gathered gas volumes were up in Bakken but down in both Eagle Ford and Haynesville, and overall we are seeing volumes flattening to slightly recovering in our key basins. Recall that our gas segment is 55% of our segment earnings before DD&A and gathering and processing is only 18% of that number. We signed an additional 280 a day of long term firm transport agreements in the quarter, bringing the year-to-date increment to 680 a day and our total sign up of the last three and half years to 8.7 Bcf a day of which 2.4 Bcf was existing previously unsold capacity showing again that the rise of natural gas production and demand creates expansion opportunities but also adds value to the existing network. We continue to make good progress on our 1.8 Bcf a day Gulf Coast Express proposed project which goes from the Permian to a connection at Agua Dulce in South Texas with our existing Texas Intrastates system. We are not putting it in our backlog at this point but we have got a good offering to the market and we are progressing our commercial discussions towards firm commitments. We also continue to see interest in our Permian capacity on EPNG which has some very economics that is low capital, expansion opportunities to get more gas to Waha. The overall summary on gas is that we continue to expect long term benefit in this sector from increased LNG and Mexico exports, power and industrial demand and those should continue to drive the demand for the transportation and storage infrastructure that we own. Shifting over to our products pipeline segment. Refined products volumes, NGLs and crude and condensate transport volumes were all up year-over-year. The benefits of these higher volumes were offset by some settlements, the project write-off on Plantation and the sale of our interest in Parkway pipeline last year, all of which weigh in to leave us slightly down year-over-year on the segment's earnings before DD&A basis. Getting back to the volumes. Refined products volumes were up 2.2% year-over-year versus an EIA overall market growth number for April and May of 1.5%. NGL volumes are up 14% year-over-year. And in contrast to our gathered volumes, our crude and condensate transport volumes are up year-over-year on our Eagle Ford that is our KMCC asset and our Bakken pipe. Bakken performance is due in part to the delay of DAPL, the KMCC volumes I think are an indicator of the great connectivity and superior location of that system. We have made excellent progress during the quarter on our Utopia pipeline project. Recall that we receive an adverse decision on eminent domain in one of the Ohio circuit courts last year. Our team did an excellent job of acquiring the necessary right of way, including reroutes and the purchase of an existing pipeline. And so in the quarter we finished acquiring all of the required right of way and we are now about one third complete on pipeline construction and on target for our scheduled January 1, 2018 in service. Really fine work and fine recovery by the project team on Utopia and, again, scheduled to be on time on January 1, 2018. In our terminals business, the segment earnings before DD&A were up 2% versus Q2 last year primarily as a result of contributions from projects coming on line in our liquids business which makes up about 80% of this segment. Our leasable capacity in liquids was up 2%, our utilization remained very strong at 95%. Both volumes were also up year-over-year. 4.7%, which was led by performance in pet coke and steel. Our commercial team wisely remained aggressive in keeping all of our Jones Act vessels under charter and discounting as necessary to do so. And we have all of those vessels under charter today and took delivery of two during the quarter. One at the very end of the previous quarter and one during the quarter. In CO2 we experienced a lower effective oil price compared to last year and lower oil volumes but we are on plan in this segment. We experienced record CO2 production in April and higher volumes year-over-year for the quarter Q2 this year to Q2 last year. We are also seeing promising results from our recent [indiscernible] activation programs at Sacroc, and from our Tall Cotton Residual Oil Zone development which is now producing over 2000 barrels a day.  So overall, a strong quarter. Strong financial performance. Continued progress on our project execution. Completion of a key milestone in our effort to strengthen our balance sheet and position us to return value to shareholders. And with that I will turn it over to Kim Dang.
Kim Dang: Thanks, Steve. We are declaring a dividend today of 12.5 cents per share consistent with our budget. On the performance let me hit the high points first and then I will take you through the details. I will start with the GAAP numbers and then I will move to DCF, which is the way that we look at and think about the numbers and performance. Earnings per share and adjusted earnings per share are both flat versus the second quarter of 2016. DCF per share which is the primary way we judge our performance, is a penny lower versus the second quarter of 2016, or approximately $28 million, primarily attributable to the sale of 50% of SNG, the KML IPO transaction in which we sold a 30% interest in our Canadian assets, as well as higher sustaining CapEx and cash taxes. For the second quarter and year-to-date DCF per share is ahead of our budget but that’s largely timing with sustaining CapEx being the largest contributor. For the full year, after the impact of the KML IPO, we would expect DCF to be on budget. Taking the impact of the KML IPO into account, we expect DCF to be less than 1% below budget. On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter at 5.1 times debt to EBITDA, down from 5.3 at the end of last year and at the end of the first quarter as a result of paying down debt with the approximately $1.25 billion in net proceeds that we received from the KML IPO. Our debt balance for the second quarter came in lower than what we expected, primarily because some expansion CapEx got shifted from the first half of the year to the second half of the year. Therefore, we still expect to end the year at 5.2 times as we previously communicated. On the expansion CapEx front, we are forecasting $3.1 billion for the year. That is down from our budget of $3.2 billion. The $3.1 billion does not include any KML CapEx, including spending on Trans Mountain from June forward as we expect KML to be a self funding entity. Because of the equity that KMI has contributed to fund the Trans Mountain project prior to the IPO, KML has the capacity to draw on a construction facility to fund its CapEx for the balance of the year. If you take a broader view, the Trans Mountain expansion has $6.1 billion in remaining spend. It's got a $4 billion revolver and so there is about $2.1 billion gap and we expect KML to be able to finance the balance itself which Dax will take you through when he walks through KML. Now for some detail. Looking at the preliminary GAAP income statement, you will see that revenues are up by 7% on the quarter but cost of sales is up by more resulting in $114 million reduction in gross margin. A similar phenomenon to what we saw in the first quarter of this year. The sale of 50% interest in SNG accounts for $112 million or 98% of the [sale] [ph]. Therefore if you exclude the sale, gross margin would be essentially flat which is pretty consistent with how we view our overall results for the quarter. As I said earlier, both earnings per share and adjusting earnings per share are flat for the quarter versus the comparable prior period. Net income available to common shareholders in quarter was $337 million, or $0.15 per share, versus $333 million, also $0.15 per share in the second quarter of 2016. Net income available to common shareholders before certain items or adjusted earnings, was $304 million or $0.14 per share versus the adjusted number in 2016 of $322 million also $0.14 per share. Certain items in the first quarter of this year were a benefit of $34 million. The most significant was a reserve release on a litigation matter we settled. Certain items in the first quarter of 2016 were net benefit of $8 million. Now I am going to turn to the second page of financials which shows our DCF for the quarter and year-to-date and is reconciled to our GAAP numbers in the earnings release. As I said earlier, DCF is the primary financial measure on which management judges its performance. We generated total DCF for the quarter of $1.022 billion versus $1.05 billion for the comparable period in 2016, down $28 million or 3%. Looking at the breakdown of the quarter-to-quarter change. Segment earnings before DD&A and certain items is down $66 million. Natural gas is the largest driver, down $54 million. The SNG joint venture impact was approximately $73 million in the quarter. So absence the sale, the natural gas segment would be up slightly. Although the SNG transaction overall was dilutive to DCF, the segment impact of $73 million overstates this impact as their benefits reflect in other lines with the primary benefit coming in interest expense as we use the proceeds from that transaction to pay down debt. CO2 segment is down $8 million or 4%, primarily associated with lower oil production at Sacroc, primarily as we reallocated capital to projects that had higher returns but longer lead times. The terminals and products variances in the quarter are small and largely offset. The Kinder Morgan Canada variance is also small. G&A is a net benefit of $16 million quarter-to-quarter primarily as a result of the SNG sale and lower franchise taxes. Interest expense is a benefit of $43 million in the quarter versus the second quarter of 2016, as a result of the SNG joint venture transaction and the KML IPO as we use the entire net proceeds from both transactions to pay down debt. Cash taxes and sustaining CapEx are higher by about $30 million versus the second quarter of last year but we expected and budgeted both cash taxes and sustaining CapEx to be higher than last year by even more than the $30 million. So there is some timing on these items between the first half of the year and the second half of the year relative to our budget. Totaling those quarter-to-quarter variances, segment is down $66 million, G&A a benefit of $16 million, interest a benefit of $43 million, and cash and sustaining a combined increase of $30 million, results in a variance of $37 million. The last piece of the variance relates to SNG. In our adjustments to convert net income to DCF we add back JV DD&A and subtract our sustaining CapEx to more closely reflect the cash we expect to receive from our JV. Because SNG is a JV in the second quarter of 2017 versus fully consolidated asset in the second quarter of 2016, there is approximately a $10 million benefit to JV DD&A between the two periods. The net impact of KML for the period is buried in some of the line items I have discussed because it's small, less than about $5 million when taken into account the interest benefit. DCF per share was $0.46 versus $0.47 for the first quarter of the prior year, or down a penny, all of which is associated with the DCF variance I just walked you through. The $0.46 per share results in over $740 million of excess distributable cash flow above our 12.5 cent dividend for the quarter and $1.68 billion year-to-date. As I said earlier, for the quarter and year-to-date we are ahead of our budget but for the full year we expect to be on our budget when you exclude the impact of the KML IPO. The effect of the IPO will be seen primarily in two places. One, in net income attributable to non-controlling interest which will reflect an expense for the public's 30% of net income which will be somewhat offset by interest expense which will reflect a benefit as we use the IPO proceeds to pay down debt. Including the impact of the KML IPO, we expect DCF to be less than 1% below budget. And with that I will move to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with net debt of $36.6 billion and net debt to adjusted EBITDA of 5.1 times. Debt is down year-to-date $1.56 billion and it is down in the quarter $1.24 billion. To reconcile that for you, in the quarter it is pretty easy, we are down $1.24 billion of debt and the IPO proceeds were $1.25 billion. So essentially everything else nets out but to take you through some of the details, DCF was $1.022 billion as I previously mentioned. Investments, our investment programs, expansion CapEx and contributions to equity investment was a little over $875 million. We paid dividend of $280 million and then we have working capital and other items of $129 million. Source of working capital which was primarily associated with accrued interest as most of our interest payments are made in the first and third quarters. Year-to-date we have reduced debt by $1.56 billion and so to break that down for you. We generated DCF of $2.24 billion. We had $1.64 billion in investing activity between expansion CapEx and contributions to equity investments. We received $1.25 billion in IPO proceeds. We had a little over $450 million from asset sales in JV proceeds, primarily the Elba promote. Our partner's catch up of its equity contributions and the sale of some of our non-core terminals. We paid dividends of $560 million and we have working capital and other items that were a use of capital of $178 million, which were a whole host of items that include use of cash for inventory, primarily natural gas purchases. Property tax payments, a lot of which occurred in the first quarter. Debt issuance cost associated with the KML construction facility and accrued interest. So with that I will turn it back to Steve.
Steve Kean: Okay. Now we are going to turn to KML. I will give the update and then Dax will take you through the numbers and also couple of key updates. So just a reminder, KML consists of all of the Kinder Morgan Canadian pipelines and terminals assets. So those include our existing Trans Mountain Pipeline system which runs for and is the only outlet for Alberta crude to a world oil market price. It also includes of course, the Canadian $7.4 billion expansion to triple the capacity of that system. KML also includes the Puget Sound system which takes oil from the Trans Mountain Pipeline and delivers it to Northwest Washington State refinery. A market that we would expect to grow over time. KML includes the Canadian portion of the Cochin system which delivers condensate to Alberta for blending with the oil sands crude for transport. Crude comes down from the oil sands to our merchant terminal position in Edmonton, among other places, where it can move down Trans Mountain or third party pipeline, or through one of our joint venture crude by rail facilities. We have built our Edmonton position over the last ten years and continue to expand it with our Base Line Terminal joint venture with Keyera, which is the Canadian $366 million investment to our share. That’s on time and on budget with the first tanks coming on line in January of 2018. Finally, Vancouver Wharves, our multi-commodity bulk terminal in Vancouver harbor and the Gateway terminal for mineral concentrates both coming into and out of Western Canada is also part of KML. So in all, KML is comprised of two strong, existing business platforms that are integral to fulfilling the transportation, blending and storage needs of producers and refiners. They have substantial upside associated with Trans Mountain expansion as well as other potential expansion. On the Trans Mountain project, I will remind you that in Q1 we reached a significant milestone. We increased our cost estimate about the contractual cap. The cap was $6.8 billion Canadian and our revised estimate is 7.42. That gave our shippers the right to turn back capacity. At the investor conference in January we expressed our confidence in the market need for the project and in fact when all was said and done, all 708,000 barrels remain under long-term contract. But now with the increase told, which includes return on the additional capital spend as well, we ended up with only 3% of the barrels turn back and those were taken up in an open season. The contracts are predominantly 20 years with one 15-year contract. So we had essentially reconfirmed the value and need for the project with a 2017 line up of shipper needs based on 2017 market conditions including oil sands condition. Also recall that we have built in protections for the costs that are more difficult for us to estimate and control on the project. These uncapped costs associated with, among other things, the most difficult mountain and difficult urban portions of the build, if higher than shown in our cost estimate result in an adjustment to our total which includes not only recover of the cost but also the project return on those costs incurred. By the same token reduced costs flow through to the benefit of our shippers and our shippers benefit from the fact that other portions of our cost are capped. And we would absorb the overrun there, if any. We also received our environmental approval for British Columbia earlier in the year and of course our federal government approval finding that the project is in the public interest of Canada. So in the quarter we made our final investment decision of approving the project. We made a public offering that included all of Kinder Morgan's Canadian assets and we secured financing. As we are moving into project execution, we are finalizing rates with contractors, we are ordering materials, readying for construction start in September. And we are doing that with substations first nations support, support from the federal government on a project of vital national interest, support from the Alberta government and with our BC environmental order in hand, and with significant financing sources already secured. And with that I will turn it over to Dax.
Dax Sanders: Thanks, Steve. Before I get into the results and outlook, I want to highlight a couple of occurrences on the bank capital markets project. First, we received our initial ratings from the agencies and consistent with our expectation we received a rating of BBB from S&P and BBB high from BBRS. On the financing front, as Steve mentioned, we closed on a financing package that consists of $4 billion base facility, a $1 billion contingent facility, and a $500 million working capital facility. All of which positions us well to access the significant portion of the capital we need to build the Trans Mountain project including accessing the Canadian pref market as we discussed on the road show. As I move in to review of the results, I want to preface my comments with the caveat that while I will be offering quarter-over-quarter comparisons, those comparisons are of limited value at this point given that we are reporting a quarter where KML was owned by the public for a part of the quarter and will be compared to a quarter where it was wholly owned by KMI and during those periods part of the IPO there were shareholders loans in place that generate significant effect, most of which is unrealized interest and other items not reflective of the true earnings power of KML. Therefore, we would ask you to focus on the outlook for 2017 which you will see is consistent with what we discussed on the road show. Quarter-over-quarter variances will mean over time and obviously we don’t have a published budget for KML as a standalone company but starting with our budget cycle this year we will published one just as KMI does. Now moving to the results and outlook for 2017. Today we are announcing that the KML board has declared a dividend for the second quarter and an inaugural dividend for KML of $0.0571 per restricted voting share which corresponds to pro rata percentage of the $0.65 annualized we suggested on the road show, adjusted for the 32 days in the second quarter that KML went public. With respect to performance and as Kim did with KMI, I am going to walk you through summary items and then will provide incremental details starting with the GAAP numbers and moving on to DCF, which is the metric we believe is most reflective of performance. With respect to earnings and net income, earnings per restricted voting share is $0.11 for the quarter which is derived from $25 million of net income which is down from approximately $52 million of net income for the same quarter in 2016. Adjusted earnings which adjusts for certain items is $36 million compared to $46 million for the same quarter in 2016. With respect to DCF, DCF per restricted voting share was $0.083 for the quarter which is derived from total DCF for the quarter of approximately $79 million versus $86 million for the comparable period in 2016, down $7 million or approximately 8%. That provides coverage of approximately $2.8 million and reflects a payout ratio of approximately 69%, again consistent with what we talked about on the road show. Now moving to the detail. Looking at the preliminary GAAP income statement, I want to point out the unusual item that is driving almost $27 million decrease. FX moved from a gain of $5.8 million to a loss of $16 million. That $21.8 million swing was mostly related to the revaluation of the intercompany loan between KMI and KML that were repaid at the consummation of the IPO, again consist with the message on the road show. And the items that drove $18.5 million of that $21.8 million, were classified as certain item. The remaining 3.3 of the swing not attributable to certain items and included in the variances for net income, EBITDA and DCF, was largely attributable to the settlement of intercompany AR and AP between KMI and KML and the revaluation of U.S. dollar bank accounts at KML. Going forward, while there may be some unrealized FX associated with intercompany AR and AP, now that KML is a standalone public company, those items will be settled on a monthly basis and unrealized FX should be much less. Now let's turn to the second page of the financials. Those are DCF and is reconciled for our GAAP numbers in the earnings release. Segment EBDA before certain items was $10 million compared to Q2 2016 with the pipeline segment down approximately $11 million and the terminals segment up about a million. The largest pieces in the pipeline segment was timing and integrity expend at Cochin, OpEx at Trans Mountain and lower revenue on Puget. At the terminals segment, we had higher Vancouver Wharves throughput and revenue offset by higher O&M at Vancouver Wharves. G&A is essentially flat. Interest cost is $4.4 million lower versus Q2 2016, primarily as a result of the repayment of the intercompany loans and greater capitalized interest associated with the project. Total certain items for the quarter were $10.5 million tax affected, with the largest piece being the intercompany FX that I mentioned. The remaining 1.3 is related to certain JV IPO costs that were booked to the Canadian business, prior to the IPO. Both cash taxes and sustaining capital were essentially flat compared to the same quarter in 2016. Now moving on to some specifics for the full year 2017. We expect EBITDA for the full year 2017 including pre and post-IPO periods to be just under $400 million and we expect DCF to come in at approximately $320 million. Both of those are consistent with the $395 million and $318 million of 2016 EBITDA respectively that we highlighted during the IPO. One item to highlight. You will recall that we recognized equity ADC as part of both EBITDA and DCF which is a product of how much CapEx we spend on the project. So EBITDA and DCF will be affected by the amount and not end timing spend on the project. With that I will move on to a few short comments on the balance sheet. From the end of the year to June 30, cash increased approximately $35 million which is mainly due to a draw on the construction debt and working capital facility that I mentioned. Other assets increased $290 million which are primarily attributable to CapEx spending. On the right hand side on the balance sheet, debt decreased by almost $1.2 billion and that was a result of paying off the intercompany loan. As of June 30, KML had total debt of $189 million which was attributable to $190 million drawn on the construction and working capital facility. And with that I will turn it back to Steve.
Steve Kean: Okay. We are ready to take questions on both KMI and KML.
Rich Kinder: Natalie, if you will go ahead, we will take questions now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jean Ann Salisbury from Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Jean Ann Salisbury: So now that the IPO is now behind you, I was wondering if you could give a little more color on the contract process that you are wondering -- sorry, that you are running. And how you decided on the IPO and anything in hindsight that you would have done differently or maybe just communicated differently?
Steve Kean: No. We were, I think very clear in that we were pursuing both projects simultaneously and we were maintaining a certain amount of competitive tension as a result. So we fully prosecuted both processes simultaneously. I think the considerations around the IPO that were attractive were project governance. I mean you can only have one driver of the car when you are executing on a project of this magnitude. Certainly we viewed the value proposition as good. We thought that by combining all of our Canadian assets into one entity, we are creating a very attractive prospect for the market and had the ability to self fund the capital needs of the entity going forward. So, overall, it made sense for us to do the IPO and that’s the result we ended with.
Jean Ann Salisbury: And could you just give a little more color on why you decided to do this between the share buyback and the dividend raise. I know you had many trajectories that you could have followed.
Steve Kean: Yes. So we think that we are generating cash that’s in excess, that’s surplus. So it's in excess of our needs for our capital projects while we are building them out and so we see the room to return essentially all of that excess cash to shareholders. And which shows a significant dividend increase. I think that’s a very positive for shareholders, but also a share repurchase which is kind of unique in our sector that gives us the ability to be opportunistic when we see an opportunity to purchase -- to return value to shareholders through a share repurchase rather than locking it all in on the dividend increase. So we think it's a good mix of ways to return capital to shareholders, return value to shareholders. Substantially growing dividends, still very well covered, extremely well covered as Rich pointed out, with a buyback program as the backstop which gives us some flexibility to take advantage of opportunity.
Rich Kinder: And I would add that opportunistic purchases of shares is certainly something we would be interested in, particularly since right now our share to DCF ratio is about five turns below our peer group average. So we think that’s mispriced in that sense.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandon Blossman from Tudor, Pickering, Holt and Co. Your line is now open.
Brandon Blossman: Sounds like a pretty good day on your side of the call. So, I guess, let's start with KML. A decent equity currency there. Clearly there is a little bit of equity funding to come but maybe it's too early and not a fair question, but where do you see that entity ultimately going to in terms of public float, size? What kind of strategic things could you do with that particular entity over time?
Dax Sanders: Yes. So first in terms of the public. We do not intent as KMI to sell down additional shares from our interest. But the entity may do primary offerings to help raise the capital needed to fund its expansion. We also talked about on the road that it is a good currency and there are opportunities on the M&A front that we would like to consider. And we will do that. Those are very hard to predict or to call, or forecast, as you know. But we think there are some good opportunities out there and we like a lot of the assets that we see in Western Canada. So I think it is a good currency. We think it will help us raise capital and also maybe an acquisition currency.
Brandon Blossman: Got it. Nice answer. More detailed question. Gulf Coast Express, what is the timeline to getting that into the backlog as you see it today?
Steve Kean: Yes. As I said, we are trying to ripen some very strong interest into firm agreement. We think that that is a matter of weeks to months in order to get that done. Again, we think we are making a very good offering to the market out there. We provide good takeaway capacity from Waha into South Texas where it connects with our intrastate system which we are very proud of. It reaches all the key markets that I think producers will be looking for takeaway. Houston ship channel is now a premium market in the gas market and that’s driven by the fact that we have got LNG, power gen, pet chem development and Mexico demand. That pulls very hard on our system. And so we think we have a very fine offering and there is a strong degree of interest in it but we are not counting it until we got them all in.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shneur Gershuni from UBS. Your line is now open.
Shneur Gershuni: Just a couple of quick follow up questions. Just for starting off with Jean's question about the buyback versus the dividend. I guess kind of -- I was wondering how much did the current stock price and your current multiple relative to peers play into the decision to shoot for a buyback. And then I was wondering if you can comment about the duration or the expectation of how long it will take you to execute the buyback. Is it something we should think as ratably over three years or something that you would like to achieve sooner than that?
Rich Kinder: Well, I think first of all what we have given you is an outline of the future for the time period '18,'19 and '20. So I think you can expect it over those three years. Obviously, we will be opportunistic in the way that we utilize those funds for stock repurchases. But we think this is a very strong combination of having a dividend increase that is substantial, 60% next year and 25% in two years after that. Together with some fire power reserve for opportunistically buying back our own stock. While at the same time, funding all of our expansion CapEx with internally generated funds. And you know that really does two things. It keeps a very nice ratio of coverage of the dividend which I think is important. And, secondly, it continually improves the balance sheet because we are using our own internally generated funds to produce assets that will generate more EBITDA. So I think it's a win-win all the way around the horn and that’s our reasoning process.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay. Good answer. And as a follow up question with respect to Gulf Coast Express. I know there is a lot of interest in the open seas and from your prepared comments 2019 sort of seems to be the target. Do you sense if that can potentially be brought up sooner than that, just given the level of interest? And any sense on how much would it cost, kind of like an estimate per mile that we should be thinking about.
Steve Kean: We are in a competitive situation and we are not giving you our cost estimates for reasons I am sure you understand. I think, look producer timing is a little bit different. It varies from one to another and there are some shippers who are more in a hurry than others. And because we are talking about a Texas intrastate build not a FERC certificate build, we may be able to accommodate earlier in service states for those customers who are in a bigger hurry. At least giving them to some market outlet. And so we are definitely in discussions about how we can go about doing that. And having it as a Texas intrastate project gives the flexibility to do that that we wouldn’t have in an interstate natural gas pipeline project.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay. And just two little housekeeping questions. On TMX, is there sign offs you need from BC to keep the construction date on schedule, and do you have the CO2 spend for the quarter?
Steve Kean: You want to give the CO2 spend first?
Kim Dang: Sure. CO2 spend for the quarter was 118 million including our overhead allocation.
Steve Kean: Okay. And Ian Anderson, President of KML is here and he can answer your question on BC.
Ian Anderson: Yes. On BC, as you know we have got our primary environmental certificate from BC, we got earlier this year. And we continue to need a good number of local permits from British Columbia and Alberta for that matter as they relate to crossings, road crossings, utility access, crown lands etcetera. And those permits are continuing to be advanced and filed and work continues on them with British Columbia and with Alberta in line with our construction schedule that will have us commence in September.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ted Durbin from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Ted Durbin: Just following up on that last question. I guess, we do have a new government and it does seem that they are opposed, it sounds like, to TMX expansion. I guess how are you going to navigate some of the objections that have been brought up by this new government. What road blocks or obstacles might we need to watch for as you move forward into construction.
Steve Kean: Yes. Ted, as we said, the permitting process is ongoing. It's continuing to progress and we feel comfortable with that in line with our construction plan. I am not going to speculate on what an NEP government might do in British Columbia at this stage in order to advance their views. We remain very confident in the federal decision that we have and the jurisdiction that the project has federally. I have worked cooperatively with several provincial and federal governments over the years of the development of this project and I want to do the same with Premier Horgan's government. I do look forward to talking to him soon and updating him on the project and our ongoing commitments to engage with communities and first nations as that’s a project that’s in the national interest. So I think we will just wait and see what Premier Horgan wants to do and I look forward to his call.
Ted Durbin: Okay. Great. And then if I can come back to the buyback and not just buyback versus dividend but buyback versus, call it organic growth. I guess would you be buying back shares now given the choice of using your capital there versus sanctioning a new project at, let's just say the average build multiple. Maybe seven times build multiple that you have in backlog right now. How do you think about that choice?
Steve Kean: We think about it in terms of the return for the capital that we are deploying. And we think at the current stock price that is an attractive investment opportunity for us. We have a significant build out which we have already accounted for in our backlog in determining what the surplus cash was and have the flexibility to add additional projects to it. But the commitment we are making is that over and above the cash that we need in order to invest in capital projects, we are going to return essentially all of that to shareholders. It's going to be in the form of a dividend but also in the form of share buybacks where those make sense.
Ted Durbin: Okay. Great. And then one last one and I just wanted to be clear on this. There is a mention of Kinder Morgan Canada being self funding. Does that imply that you will no longer consolidate the debt that you will incur to build TMX or is that still going to come through in terms of your debt to EBITDA calculation.
Kim Dang: No. We will consolidate KML. We will consolidate the EBITDA, we will consolidate the debt. And so that will be in our numbers. What I meant by self funding is, I mean we don’t expect at this point that KMI will have to contribute equity into KML or buy KML's equity. It is another way to say it, in order to help KML fund the expansion project.
Steve Kean: And just to be clear, those numbers starting from $6.1 billion remaining funds necessary to construct were Canadian dollars numbers that Kim was mentioning. So I think she gave you, Ted, a pretty clear path showing how KML really will be self funding.
Operator: Our next question comes from Darren Horowitz from Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Darren Horowitz: Congratulations on the enhancements to enhance shareholder value. My first question, Steve, with regard to the Permian gas volumes at Waha in the South Texas, and you all have done a good job outlining this. But can you just give us at least a rough sense of what you think the scale and cost of EPNG capacity expansions could look like and more importantly, how you balance committing capacity on that line versus Gulf Coast Express. Obviously if Gulf Coast Express, at least by our math, gets committed to 1.7 and 1.8 Bcf a day, it's going to be north of a billion dollar project. That’s going to have a different return threshold relative to what you can do on EPNG, again by our math. And then bigger picture, do you think logistically, it's just a situation where the magnitude of downstream demand pull out of Waha could handle both the potential for 1.8 Bcf of commitments on Gulf Coast Express talk with Dulce as well as scaling up EPNG.
Steve Kean: Okay. Good questions. So the key thing to understand is really the expansions on EPNG are really complementary to the Gulf Coast Express project. So the EPNG expansions are about getting gas to Waha and just simplistically I mean what Gulf Cost Express is about is by getting gas away from Waha to the premium market that is now in East Texas. And so they are very complementary. In terms of the capital on EPNG, as I mentioned, we have got some fairly significant volume opportunities, one tranche of which is out in an open season right now and then potentially at subsequent open season. And these numbers like 500 million a day [comp] [ph] on one of the open seasons. And there isn't a significant amount of capital that’s required. So think of things like just being able to direct more gas to Waha by installing back pressure valves and additional meters and the like. Those are relatively modest capital expenditures and so we think very attractive and, again, very complementary to what we are trying to accomplish on Gulf Coast Express.
Darren Horowitz: As a follow on, Steve, how much of a competitive advantage is it of yours that you guys can help backstop not only the capacity on Gulf Coast Express but also some of these expansions, the complementary expansions on EPNG. Just given the fact that you guys can buy one plus Bcf a day of gas across the system.
Steve Kean: Yes. And we think it gives us an advantage and it is on both ends of this system. As you point out, EPNG has a nice network in the Permian and to the extent we can feed additional gas to Waha, which we believe we can at attractive returns for the small amount of capital that we would spend there, that’s going to help set that, provides a good supply end for Gulf Coast Express. And then on the market end, as I mentioned, we think we have got an excellent Texas Intrastate system that’s tied in with Mexico, LNG, pet chem demand, power demand, Houston ship channel industrial demand, and utility demand in the Greater Houston area. It's a great network with great connectivity. And so Agua Dulce used to kind of be in the middle of nowhere. You can get to Agua Dulce and now you can get to Houston which is all of a sudden really somewhere in terms of value for the gas molecule.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Shere from Tuohy Brothers. Your line is now open.
Craig Shere: You said about no borrowings just for growth CapEx. Was that intended to mean through 2020?
Rich Kinder: Yes.
Craig Shere: Okay. And is that -- do you think that’s long term efficient or are you questioning the size of your growth CapEx.
Rich Kinder: No, look in developing our dividend policy for the next three years which we are unveiling this afternoon, we looked at our expected capital needs from now through 2020, and obviously concluded that we had room to raise the dividend and still fund all of our capital needs internally and we use the excess to buyback share. So that’s all factored in and we anticipate that we will continue to fund all of that growth capital with internally generated funds. I think we sometimes miss on all the noise what a huge consistent generator of cash flow this company really it. And I think what we are talking about this afternoon really demonstrates that when you look at what we are talking about in terms of being able to maintain a significant capital expenditure budget and still increase the dividend and still have some money left over for buying back shares on an opportunistic basis.
Steve Kean: So the other important aspect to that Craig is that it helps us continue with some natural delevering and continue to strengthen the balance sheet. So for the longer term, and we have been saying this for a while, what we are really aiming for is a strong investment grade balance sheet and we expect to see some natural continuing delevering there. We are not done with that. A growing return of value to our shareholders in the form of a growing and well covered dividend and share repurchases, both of which we discussed today, announced today. And then having the continued capacity to fund new capital investments. And so we think that we have struck this right in terms of what's going to create value for our shareholders overall.
Craig Shere: Well, Steve or maybe Kim, if you want to chime in. Do you see at the end of this three year timeframe getting to a point where you don’t really need to worry about enhancing the balance sheet? Maybe it would be more opportune into the next decade to start funding half of growth CapEx for opportunity sets, let's say seven times EBITDA with some low cost debt.
Steve Kean: Yes. Absolutely.
Craig Shere: Well, that sounds good. And then my last follow up. All this kind of is predicated on the ability to sustain long-term new project origination. Can you comment in the quarter about the specifics about the gas pipes and CO2 projects originated and can you opine about the recurring opportunity set to get to that $2.5 billion a year figure. Do you see the EPNG and Gulf Coast Express that you have talked about as kind of indicative of the opportunities in front of you and that there will be more of that over time.
Steve Kean: Yes. So narrowly we have been constantly kind of reallocating capital and adding some capital to CO2 where we see good returning project. In gas we had a project for an LDC customers as well as some gathering and processing CapEx that got added, and what that was offsetting was in the terminals business we had taken delivery of a ship that’s now under charter, has been under charter. So those were the small pieces. But really as I said, you know if you, particularly in gas we are seeing opportunities. Gulf Coast Express is kind of the headline one but we are seeing good opportunities that are being driven by power demand, the need to connect power plants, to some extent by gathering and processing, but also Mexico, and LNG. And so we are seeing the need, I mean natural gas demand and production is growing over the longer term and that’s going to drive some opportunities for us. And we have a great network. And so that means it doesn’t have to be a Greenfield expansion. It could be an expansion off of an existing that is better. It could be an expansion of an existing part of our network where we can potentially gain higher returns. So we are starting to see that, I would say particularly in the natural gas sector.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to dig in a little bit more on the repurchases. Did you guys say what date that would start and kind of any more color you are willing to provide around what level would make sense to repurchase? Sounds like between current level is about [indiscernible]?
Steve Kean: We announced over the timeframe of 2018 to 2020, and so that’s the time for you over which we are talking. As said earlier, we think our shares are a good investment at current prices and we are looking to return essentially all of our cash in excess of capital needs to our shareholders and with the dividend level we have set today, with the capital opportunities we see today, we believe that’s going to leave a substantial amount of cash that’s available for share repurchase over the period. And then finally we do expect to be opportunistic which means we will be price sensitive in how we do our share repurchases. We haven't set a target price and we are also not just going to be mechanically buying at the market. So those are broad parameters I know but I think we have given a pretty good set of guidance on $2 billion share buyback program over this three year period.
Jeremy Tonet: Great. Thanks for that. And just wanted to follow up on the capital markets. It sounds like you guys don’t need to access equity or debt markets because surplus cash flow is going to cover all your growth CapEx. Would it be fair to say you would only go to the market to something kind of upside materializes and you wanted the capital for that?
Steve Kean: What we are trying to do is position ourselves -- what we have done is position ourselves not to have to access the capital markets, whether that’s debt or equity. You know it's hard to project whether there might be some set of circumstances in which that makes sense to do but what we have done is make sure that we don’t have to.
Kim Dang: And we will be accessing debt markets to refinance maturing debt but what we are talking about here is financial growth CapEx.
Jeremy Tonet: Great. And just one last one. Just wanted to follow up on TMX timeline extension. Just want to see, when is activity really going to pick up for the construction? Have you guys ordered the pipe yet or how should we think about the CapEx outlay that came out there?
Steve Kean: Yes. As far as the construction planning goes, we have initiated our first pipe order. We are finalizing our contracts with our general contractor and I expect those to be finalized sometime between now and middle of August. Construction activity will commence in September, according to plan. We won't have mechanical construction of the pipeline underway until early next year and that was all was the plan, and that’s all in line with the completion date of the end of 2019.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Sighinolfi from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Chris Sighinolfi: Just have a couple of follow ups on some of the topics already hit. I guess to start, the dividend and share repurchase questions. Obviously not trying to pin you to any firm commitment in terms of timing or cadence, but the KMI old dividend increases were nearly a quarterly event. So I am just curious if you are planning to sort of resume that type of cadence or pivot to like an annual step up that a utility company, for example, might do.
Rich Kinder: It's an annual step up. What we are saying is and we said in the release that the increase, for instance, next year is going to be $0.56 to $0.80 that will begin with the first quarter next year. So in other words the dividend that we pay for the first quarter of 2018 will be $0.20 and it will be applied for the year. And then again we would anticipate taking that from $0.80 to a dollar and then a dollar to $1.25 and we would just flatten that out over the year.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay. All right. And then I think I understand it but just want to clarify, in terms of the authorization. I guess I am a little bit curious as to how the board determined the magnitude of the share repurchase authorization. It sounds like, but I don’t want to read in if this is not what you intended, it sounds like $2 billion is where the number that you could envision executing or exhausting between 2018 and 2020. Is that the right way to interpret that or was it just a nice round number that we can have out there.
Rich Kinder: Well, it is a nice round number but you have interpreted it correctly. That’s, look we gave a lot of work, hundreds of hours, Kim and her team with input from all of our business segments to develop this on the bottoms up basis. And when it came out with, we stress tested, we looked at it from a lot of different vantage points, and this we thought was the optimum structure and that’s the number that came out in the wash. We will see how all this plays out over those three years but that’s certainly our game plan, as we said, is to take the dividend up and have that amount of money left to buyback shares. And again very importantly, continue to improve the balance sheet because we are funding our capital expenditures out of cash flow.
Chris Sighinolfi: Two additional questions, if I could. Just a clarification on KML side. I guess the point around, obviously the consolidation. So, Kim, just to clarify, your comment about $3.1 billion of expansion CapEx, that was sort of the net to KMI portion but what we should see represented on the cash flow statement is a consolidated figure over time.
Kim Dang: That’s right. So I think in our Q we have put in a CapEx table in there. The CapEx that we are expecting for the year and we are going to break it out between KMI and KML because we will be consolidating KML so that you can see the total consolidated and you can see the KMI only piece.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay. And then related to, Steve -- I think, Steve, that question about KML financing strategy. I know in the S-1 you guys were talking about maybe preps and maybe some distribution recycling. I was just curious, I know you said you are not planning to sell down KMI's interest but do you have any refined guidance as to what you are planning to do with the cash distributions on the KMI's own portion. Does that get recycled at all or is that...?
Kim Dang: Yes on the KMI piece we will probably do 25% of our distribution we will reinvest.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay. And do we just think about that then, Kim, as you effectively using that to buy additional equity but it keeps the cash on the balance sheet up there to fund the program.
Kim Dang: It's funding the expansion CapEx, yes.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay. And then just final question for me. Does the debt fair value adjustment figure came down precipitously in 2016. It's been hovering around $1.1 billion for the last couple of quarters. Just curious, as you go through the refinancing, as debt maturities come up and you place new debt to replace that, should we see that number continue to drift lower or any guidance as to how we can think about that might be helpful.
Kim Dang: Well, the debt fair value number moves for a number of different reasons. One, as interest rates move, and two, as our credit spreads move. And so if you can, knowing where interest rates are going to go, you have to know where interest rates are going to go and where our credit spreads are going to go to be able to predict what's going to happen with that over time. And so, I mean if you look at where we can finance a ten-year right now, we can issue around 4%. And the maturities that are coming up in the near-term are going to be at higher rates than that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Blum from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Michael Blum: I guess first question is, you previously talked about a five times target for leverage. Is that still the target and if so what do you think is the timeline to achieve it now.
Kim Dang: Well, I think that is the target and I think we have made substantial progress towards that target which is why we felt comfortable with the dividend and share repurchase guidance that we are giving today. If you look at our debt balance at 9.30 of 2015 with the end of the last quarter before we reduced the dividend, we paid down $5.8 billion. Over $5.8 billion in debt since that period. And so now I think the deleveraging is going to come through two methods. One as EBITDA grows, as these projects come on. And two, because we are funding our projects with 100% equity because we are funding it with the retained cash flow. And so we will continue to make progress towards the five times, but it's going to be a little slower in reducing that leverage than we have been to date because we are returning some value to shareholders at this point in time given that we have a little bit more flexibility with our balance sheet.
Michael Blum: Okay. And then for your dividend guidance out to 2020, you gave some coverage targets as well. What are you assuming for growth capital as a run rate from 2018 to 2020 to sort of pay out that dividend, maintain the coverage, the buybacks etcetera.
Kim Dang: It varies by year. And so, basically we ran off the backlog and then we made some assumptions around what we thought opportunities would look like. So we did put in some unidentified capital in there and to the extent that we have had a high probability project that weren't in the backlog, we would have included those as well. So we tried to take a holistic look at what we thought CapEx would look like going forward, not just running after backlog.
Michael Blum: Can you say what the kind of average annual is for the three years?
Kim Dang: I don’t remember what it was, Michael.
Operator: Our next question comes from Linda Ezergailis from TD Securities. Your lines is now open.
Linda Ezergailis: I appreciate the update on the Trans Mountain expansion, permitting and construction timeline. I was just wondering if you could maybe also give us a sense of what might define the tempo of construction in terms of potentially any sort of gating factors tied to permitting or other considerations that might affect the pace of construction. Or what sort of slack you have built in to account for some uncertainties?
Steve Kean: Yes. I think, Linda the way to think about it is that commencing this fall, the bulk of the work is going to be preparation for major construction commencing next year and that was all was the plan. So the permit acquisition and the priority of permitting activity is built around that. So I think that you look at what you need to do to prepare to construct and with things like clearing and terminal work and preparation of sites etcetera. So that’s the kind of activity that we will likely be involved in this year commencing in September, with more the heavy lifting occurring early next year.
Linda Ezergailis: Okay. Thank you. And would you be able to perhaps stratify the remaining $6.1 billion cost between parts, labor and anything else?
Steve Kean: I don’t have that right in front of me, Linda. Obviously, the bulk of the cost, our labor cost, the bulk of those cost will be incurred in '18 and '19 with the peak sometime in later '18. But I don’t have it stratified to any degree than that.
Ian Anderson: Yes. So I think that, if you look at it, the construction is still to come, so that’s going to be construction, equipment, materials, all of those things. The amounts that would have been spend to this point would have been more around land acquisition and permitting cost and the like. So now the costs going forward are going to be more of construction and materials and equipment. Construction including labor.
Operator: Our next question comes from Becca Followill from U.S. Capital Advisors. Your line is now open.
Becca Followill: Just following up on Michael's question. You are targeting I think 5.1 times debt to EBITDA at the end of '17. Target is to get to five times. If you are funding 100% of your capital needs with cash flow, that seems like that would take you well under or just slightly under the five times going into 2018. So you would already be there. Then you have access to cash. So can you help me reconcile that with a buyback over a three year period and the target of five times.
Kim Dang: Yes. First of all, I think what we have said is, we are at 5.1 times today at the end of the second quarter. So we would expect to end the year at 5.2 times that we ended the quarter on our debt balance a little bit lower than we were expecting because some of our expansion capital flushed to the second half of the year. I think we are still on target to end next year at 5.2 times -- end '17 at 5.2 times. Then next year on a fully consolidated basis, we are going to show the Trans Mountain revolver, the Trans Mountain construction facility in our number. And so our debt to EBITDA numbers will be bearing the full load of the expansion CapEx. And so it will take some time, even though we are funding all of our other CapEx with 100% equity, it will take some time to bring that down to 5.0.
Operator: Speakers, there are no questions in queue at this time.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Well, thank you very much, everybody. We view this as really important day at KMI and we are glad you were here to ask your questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today's conference. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-19 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Rich Kinder - Executive Chairman Steve Kean - CEO Kim Dang - CFO Tom Martin - President, Natural Gas Pipelines
Analysts: Kristina Kazarian - Deutsche Bank Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt Shneur Gershuni - UBS Ted Durbin - Goldman Sachs Jean Ann Salisbury - Bernstein Danilo Juvane - BMO Capital Markets John Edwards - Credit Suisse Darren Horowitz - Raymond James Jeremy Tonet - JPMorgan Chase Michael Blum - Wells Fargo
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. [Operator Instructions]. This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. And now, I'd like to hand the call over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. Mr. Kinder, you may begin.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Carrie, and welcome to our first quarter analyst call. As always, before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today’s earnings release and this call includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. We encourage you to read our full disclosure on forward-looking statements, and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release, as well as review our latest filings with the SEC for a list of risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. I will kick this off by making a few remarks, then I will turn it over to Steve Kean, our CEO, and Kim Dang, our CFO, to give the operational and financial update, and then we will take any questions that you have. I want to quickly make two points. First of all, this quarter's good results in terms of EBITDA and DCF which Steve and Kim will discuss in detail, demonstrates once more the strength of the asset portfolio at KMI. We are able to generate substantial amounts of cash flow even in a challenging environment in our business. Sometimes, good solid financial and operational success, which is made possible only by a lot of hard work by the whole team, gets overlooked by some investors. But I would argue that it's one of the critical elements to the long term economic health of any entity, and that includes Kinder Morgan. The second point I want to make is, that Steve will update you in detail on this quarter's developments on our Elba and Trans Mountain projects, but let me say, we continue to make good progress on them, and on our goal of strengthening our balance sheet and thereby allowing us to return substantial value to our shareholders, through some combination of dividend increases, share repurchases, additional attractive growth projects, our further debt reduction. Now, as I have said previously, we currently believe the best avenue for returning value, is by an increased and well covered dividend, and we expect to announce our revised dividend guidance for 2018 later this year. And with that, I will turn it over to Steve.
Steve Kean: All right, thanks. I will give you a few updates on our performance and our key projects. First, we had a very good first quarter, with DCF per share at $0.54, and that's better than our beginning of the year guidance. Right now, we are seeing that and calling that as timing, so we are still forecasting to be on plan for the full year. But overall, strong performance for the quarter. On our Trans Mountain project, we have made progress on the project itself, and also on our effort to either joint venture the project with a partner or to include it in an IPO. On the project, we reached a really significant milestone. We increased our cost estimate, and that increase put us above the contractual cap. So cap was C$6.8 billion and our revised estimate is C$7.42 billion, and that, being above the cap, gave our shippers the right to turn capacity back to us. At the investor conference in January, we expressed our confidence that the market still had a very strong need for the project. And in fact, when all was said and done, all 708,000 barrels remained under long term contract. But now, have the increased tolls, and those increased tolls include our return on the additional capital that we will spend. We ended up with only 3% of the barrels turned back, and those were taken up in an open season over the course of a week or a week and a half. The contracts are 15, but primarily 20 year terms -- predominantly 20 year terms. Now this is a remarkable development, when you consider that these contracts were signed five years ago, and at $90 a barrel oil environment, and when the Canadian and the U.S. dollars were at parity. A lot has changed since then, including the circumstances of many of the producers in the oilsands, as well as the project costs itself. Our shippers and our commercial team worked very hard and fast to place the barrels with new customers, and existing customers who wanted more. As those who wanted less looked for places to assign our capacity. So message here is that even at the higher cost the demand for the project remained strong, and that's huge. We have essentially reconfirmed the value and need for the project, with a 2017 line-up of shipper needs, and based on 2017 market conditions. We also received during the quarter, our environmental approval from British Columbia, and we now have written agreements on the satisfaction of the B.C. five conditions, which were put forward for heavy oil pipelines crossing the province. So good regulatory development, and an extremely good commercial development as well. So that's on the project. On the JV, our IPO front, we have advanced on both tracks simultaneously, which is what we told you we would do in January. We believe this approach provides the best opportunity for us to secure acceptable financing terms for the project. Our key considerations here are value and control of project governance. Both of these processes are well advanced and we expect to update you by the end of the quarter on the resolution. Recall that for our plan, we assume the JV partner picking up 50% of the capital, but we did not include anything for our promote payment, which we would expect to get, and coming up with our target 5.4 debt-to-EBITDA metric. So in other words, we could do better on that target, to the extent we get to promote that we expect to get. I know everyone is interested in what the value is going to be, but we have avoided putting a marker out there for the sake of maintaining a strong negotiation position, but I will say this, this is an attractive return project, and is consistent with the 6.7X EBITDA multiple average that we have for the backlog as a whole. As we announced earlier, we completed our Elba JV transaction in the first quarter, and it was at the value that we put in the plan for 2017, and that included value in excess of our capital spend, recognizing the value that we created in originating the project. On the backlog, I will be brief, this quarter it stands at $11.7 billion, $300 million lower than last quarter. As usual, there are multiple moving parts, small project additions and removables and some cost changes, but the main development is that we placed into service our Kinder Morgan export terminal, a liquids terminal dock and cross channel line project for one of our refinery customers on the ship channel, the Houston ship channel.  We expect to update the backlog for the Trans Mountain outcome next quarter, so the project cost will now be approximately $5.7 billion, and the ownership level is of course, expected to change. One more project update before moving to a few commercial highlights. On our Utopia pipeline project, our project team has done an excellent job of acquiring right of way, and finding routing alternatives where necessary in the wake of an adverse court decision last year on eminent domain in one of the Ohio circuit courts. We are pleased with our progress, and we -- again we began the tree felling process in the first quarter. This joint venture project is under a long term contract and is expected to be in service in January of next year. Now a few commercial market updates, starting with the gas segment. Experienced slightly increased transmission volumes year-over-year, but gathering volumes were down. I will start with gathering; we are generally seeing a leveling off of volumes in our key basins during the first quarter, but the comparison to first quarter last year reflects the declines that took place throughout 2016. Generally, our volumes are in line with what is observed in the basins in which we operate, although we are running a little bit ahead in our Bakken's gas assets, with one exception, and that's the Haynesville, where we are down on our KinderHawk asset, where the basin is flat to slightly higher. That's a function of the fact that our primary customer was not active in 2016. That's beginning to change, and we have added a new customer, that's actively developing its acreage, so we expect some improvement there. Recall, that our gas segment is 55% of our segment. Earnings before DD&A and gathering, processing is only 18% of that number. On the transmission volumes, we are up 1% year-over-year. The winter was weak, it was weak last year too, but we had a cold March in 2016. Power demand was down year-over-year. What I have read predicts that gas will still exceed coal's share of the power market again this year, but some gas to coal switching did occur on our assets in the first quarter. Also we saw higher renewable, including California hydropower contributing to the year-over-year decline. Overcoming this though, were exports to Mexico, which were up 16% year-over-year on our systems and now averaging 2.8 BCF a day -- averaging 2.8 BCF a day for the first quarter. Recall, that the vast majority of our margin here is secured by reservation fees, which are not affected by usage, but the volume information helps give a view on long term value for the capacity. I failed to mention also that LNG exports were up on our system year-over-year by half a BCF a day. We signed up an additional 400 a day of long term firm transportation commitments in the quarter. A 100 of that was existing but previously unsold capacity that brings our total in the last three and a quarter years to 8.4 BCF of new sign up of which 2.2 BCF is existing previously unsold capacity.  We recently announced two developments related to the Permian. First, we announced a non-binding open season for a 1.7 BCF newbuild pipeline from the WAHA hub in West Texas to Agua Dulce in South Texas, our Gulf Coast express project. Last week, DCP announced its potential participation in that project as a partner and a shipper, and we are working with them over the next 90 days or so, to try to finalize that arrangement.  DCP's assets in the Permian would provide good upstream connectivity and our Texas intrastate network would provide excellent downstream connectivity to Mexico, LNG at Corpus Christi and utility in industrial markets along the Texas Gulf Coast. Gas production is growing in the Permian and increasingly, East Texas is becoming a premium market. We think the project makes a good deal of sense, but we are in the early days and we have not put it in the backlog. The second development related to the Permian is, we have a binding open season on our EPNG system for capacity to the WAHA. The open season package includes 150 a day of existing capacity, but it also reflects our ability to expand the system, by as much as 900 days more, to meet incremental demand. The expansions would be relatively inexpensive, and would again, demonstrate the value of having existing infrastructure that we can build off of at attractive returns. This project with a fee takeaway capacity at WAHA, including the potential Gulf Coast express pipeline in our Midstream business, and we continue to work both of those opportunities over the coming weeks. The overall summary on gas is that we continue to expect long term benefit in the sector from increased LNG, Mexico exports, power and industrial demand, which should drive the demand from transportation storage infrastructure for the long term. Shifting to our products segment, refined products volumes are up 1% year-over-year, even though we experienced some weakness in Southeast U.S. markets. Crude and condensate transportation volumes are also up 1% year-over-year, notwithstanding declines year-over-year in the Bakken and Eagle Ford basins. KMCC in particular continues to show the benefit of its superior connectivity, both on the supply end and the Eagle Ford, as well as on the [indiscernible] in the Greater Houston area, and holding up very well in the face of declines experienced in the Eagle Ford as a whole on a year-over-year basis. In our terminals business, our liquids terminals utilization climbed to over 95%, as we continue to benefit from the strong positions we have built in several liquid hub locations. And this team has been gradually been migrating it's business increasingly to the liquids part of the business. We are now at 80% of our segment earnings before DD&A coming from the liquids part of the business, and increasingly, our development activity is in the hub positions that we have built in Houston, Edmonton, New York and Chicago over the years. We have kept our Jones Act vessels under charter on renewals that we have experienced, on [indiscernible] renewals. We had the discount to do that, but we expect to be slightly ahead of our plan on this business, and we currently have all of our vessels under charter. We continue to make good progress in our base line terminal expansion at our Edmonton hub, and as I mentioned, we put our Kinder Morgan export terminal project in service on the Houston ship channel. In the CO2 business, we came in slightly ahead of plan for the quarter, with pricing offsetting lower crude production volumes. Also of notice, that we achieved record CO2 volumes during the first quarter. Our demand was up, but so were our third parties'. They had a good strong demand for CO2 off of our system. So again, overall, a strong quarter, with strong financial performance, continued progress on our project execution and on our joint venture plans for our key projects. And with that, I will turn it over to Kim.
Kim Dang: Good. Thanks Steve. Today, we are declaring a dividend of $0.125 per share, which is consistent with our budget. On the performance, let me hit the high points first, and then I will take you through the details. I will start with the GAAP numbers, and then move to DCF. DCF is the way we look at and think about our numbers and performance. Earnings per share attributable to common stockholders is up 50% in the quarter. Now, it would be nice to take credit for a 50% increase, but I don't think that gives us an accurate -- that's not an accurate view of the way we perceive our performance. Adjusted earnings per share, which we have added for you on the GAAP income statement and adjusted for certain items, is about $0.01 a share. DCF per share, which is the primary way we judge our performance, is down 1% or $18 million versus the first quarter of 2016, all of which is attributable to the sale of a 50% interest in SNG. So after the sale, DCF per share would be flat. For the first quarter, the DCF per share of $0.54 is slightly better than our budget, and for the full year we remain on target to generate $1.99 of DCF per share. On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter at 5.3 times debt-to-EBITDA consistent to where we ended 2016, but a significant improvement versus the 5.6 times in the first quarter of 2016. Now for the details, looking at the preliminary GAAP income statement, let me point out a couple of things to you there. You will see that revenues are up about 7% in the quarter, but cost of sales is up by more, resulting in about $121 million reduction in gross margin. Adjusting for certain items, gross margin would actually be down slightly more, would be down $146 million. The largest contributor to this decrease is the 50% sale of SNG. As a result of that sale, we no longer consolidate SNG's revenue and cost of sales, but report our 50% in net income further down the income statement as equity earnings. Now keep in mind also, that SNG did not have significant cost of sale. The impact of deconsolidating SNG was approximately $145 million reduction in gross margin for the quarter. Therefore, excluding the sale, gross margin would essentially be flat, which is consistent with how we would view our results. Net income available for the common shareholders is $401 million or $0.18 a share versus $276 million of income or $0.12 per share in the first quarter of 2016, resulting in $125 million or $0.06 per share increase or 45% and 50% respectively. Net income available to common shareholders before certain items for adjusted earnings was $371 million or $0.17 a share versus the adjusted number in 2016 of $402 million or $0.18 a share. Certain items in the first quarter of this year are income of $30 million, the largest of which is associated with proceeds we received from the sale of a bankruptcy claim on one of our natural gas pipeline. Certain items in the first quarter of 2016 were net expense of $132, driven primarily by project write-off and impairments. Now let's turn to the second page of financials, which shows our DCF for the quarter and the year and is reconciled to our GAAP numbers in the earnings release. As I said earlier, DCF is the primary financial measure, on which we judge our performance. We generated total DCF for the quarter of $1.215 billion versus $1.233 billion for the comparable period in 2016, down $18 million or 1%. There are lots of moving parts, but the simple explanation I gave you earlier is true, which is after the sales of 50% interest in SNG that occurred in the third quarter of 2016, we would be flat. Segment EBITDA before certain items is down $90 million, when you look up at the segment. That's primarily due to $113 million reduction in our natural gas segment. Of the $113 million reduction, $83 million is attributable to the SNG sale, and the natural gas decline is partially offset by $26 million increase in our terminal segment, which is associated with expansion projects coming online in the marine division and in the Gulf Coast. G&A and interest are a benefit of $44 million in the quarter versus the first quarter of 2016, both largely as a result of the SNG transaction. In our adjustments to convert net income to DCF, we add back JV DD&A and subtract sustaining CapEx to more closely reflect the cash we expect to receive from our JV; because SNG is a JV in the first quarter of 2017 versus the fully consolidated asset in the first quarter of 2016, there is approximately a $17 million benefit between the two periods in our adjustment from net income to DCF to reflect the economic impact of the SNG JV. So a $90 million of reduction in the segment. You add back the $17 million benefit to reflect the economic impact of the SNG transaction. The $44 million reduction between interest and G&A expense, and that gives you a net reduction of DCF of $29 million, which largely reconciles the change of $18 million in DCF. DCF per share was $0.54 versus $0.55 in the first quarter of the prior year or down a penny, almost all of which is associated with the DCF [indiscernible] I just walked you through. This $0.54 in DCF results in $935 million of excess distributable cash flow above our $0.125 dividend for the quarter. As I said earlier, for the quarter, we are ahead of budget, but for the full year, we expect to be on budget, largely as a result of some timing associated with sustaining CapEx, interest and cash taxes that occur in the second, third and fourth quarter. And with that, I will move to the balance sheet. On the balance sheet, as I said, we ended the quarter at 5.3 times net debt-to-EBITDA consistent with where we ended 2016. Our budget for 2017 is that we would expect to end 2017 at 5.4 times debt-to-EBITDA. After the first quarter performance, we are still on track to achieve that. Remember, as Steve said, the budget nor the current forecast, include any proceeds from a Trans Mountain promote, which we would expect to receive, and therefore, we would expect that our actual result will improve on the 5.4 times budget and forecast. Now reconciled before you, we ended the quarter at $37.8 billion of net debt, that's a $317 million decrease from the end of 2016. We generated DCF of $1.215 billion. We had expansion CapEx and contributions to equity investments of $773 million. We have asset sales and JV proceeds of $462 million, the largest of which was $391 million that we received from the Elba JV. We paid dividends of $280 million, and then we have working capital and other items, at a little bit over $300 million. So working capital is what we would expect in the first quarter. In the first quarter, we typically see working capital associated with interest payments, because we have a large portion of interest payments which occur in the first quarter, and so interest was a use of cash of $165 million in the quarter. We pay a significant amount or property tax in the first quarter, that was a use of cash of $77 million and then bonuses get paid in the first quarter and that was a use of cash about $75 million. So those were the three primary uses of cash in the $300 million of working capital. So with that, Steve, Rich?
Rich Kinder: Okay. Carrie, we will now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Kristina Kazarian of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Rich Kinder: Hi Kristina, how are you?
Kristina Kazarian: Good afternoon guys. How are you doing?
Rich Kinder: Good.
Kristina Kazarian: All right. So can you guys tell me a little more about how you are thinking about the new Permian project particularly the gas takeaway pipe? You know, how the DCP deal came about? And if you are also willing, maybe project cost and any updates on the open season?
Steve Kean: Yeah. So I will start with the open season. It's closing shortly again, it's non-binding. The DCP discussion started early, even before our announcement of the deal that continued up until -- well that will be continuing on. But widened enough that we did a joint announcement of their participation. And again, the rationale there is, we get upstream connectivity with their processing assets and pipes in the Permian. And then we have downstream connectivity from all the market that we connect to, on what we think is the best intrastate system in Texas, connected to LNG, Mexico, et cetera. You know we are -- I think there is enthusiasm for it, but again it's non-binding. Producers I think are increasingly turning their attention to finding additional routes out of the Permian. Sometimes that takes some time to ripen. But certainly, there is interest in it, and will also cultivate interest on the demand side as well. And on the demand side, one of the things that we can do and have talked to people about is, we are a buyer of gas in Texas, because we have a lot of sales gas customers in the state of Texas, and so one of the things we could do, is buy the inlet to this piece of pipe, and that may serve as a bit of a bridge for some of the producer markets out there. So any parts of your question I have missed?
Kristina Kazarian: Project cost?
Steve Kean: Cost. Yeah, we haven't come out with cost yet. But I mean, it is a 1.7 BCF newbuild project. So you are looking at north of $1 billion.
Kristina Kazarian: Perfect. And then my next question is, we have seen a good bump in Eagle Ford rig count recently; can you maybe talk about how this is trending, versus your original expectations and any chance for a positive revision related to this?
Tom Martin: Yeah I mean -- it's going I think as we expect with the price recovery that we have seen. So I think, generally, what we are seeing in the basin, is a bottoming out of volume, both crude and gas, really this quarter, trending flat to slightly up, starting next quarter, and then probably finishing the year higher than it is today. And that's kind of where we set our plan coming into the year, and I think generally, that's how we are seeing it play out. Maybe slightly more activity than we were anticipating to this point. But I think how all that materializes, as far as actually bringing volume online versus just drilling, you know, that still needs to be played out over the year.
Steve Kean: Yeah. I think we build as we started. We ended the year kind of where we started with some declines early and then picking up. I think, some developments that have been encouraging, is the rig count has been up a good bit. The other thing is, and these are related, is that acreage has been changing hands down there. So it's going from people who were not actively developing to people who are actively developing, and that's a positive indication for the basin too.
Kristina Kazarian: And Steve, last real quick one for me, as I know you said end of Q2 for timing and then, still waiting on FID and arranging project financing, but any other color you want to give, maybe for what we should be waiting for?
Steve Kean: No. Those are the key things really. I mean, we are running both of these processes simultaneously. And the reason for doing that of course, is to get to a value point that reflects a fully negotiated deal or a fully marketed process and it's not fully marketed or fully negotiated until it's done. And so, we are not there yet and so we haven't [indiscernible] yet.
Kristina Kazarian: Got it. Nice job on the quarter guys. Thank you.
Rich Kinder: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brandon Blossman of Tudor, Pickering, Holt and Company. Your line is now open.
Rich Kinder: Hi Brandon, how are you?
Brandon Blossman: I am good. How are you Rich?
Rich Kinder: Good.
Brandon Blossman: Let's see, probably just a couple follow-ups on Kristina's questions. One, on Gulf Coast express; Steve, you talked quickly about some projects on El Paso, I think, on the inlet side of that pipe. So I was wondering one, if you could describe in a little bit more detail, what those projects would look like? Are we talking about reversing compressor stations or adding compression or both? And then, more detail on the downstream side of that pipe; clearly, there is a way to get volumes up and down the Texas Gulf Coast, but any comments on -- is there anything that needs to be done to that intrastate system, or is there just plenty of unutilized capacity there?
Steve Kean: Okay. Yeah so, the open season on El Paso has 150 a day of capacity that's existing, that comes in a bit over time, as the contract rolls off. But that's 150 without moving a muscle. We have got that capacity available and we can do it today. We can get another 900 of expansion, and the first, if you want to think of it this way, the first half of that roughly is relatively small CapEx. It's back pressure valves and things like that, that we probably do on a -- and a few pipe modifications. I mean, the interstation modifications, and we can probably do that under our blanket certificate, could do that relatively quickly, and that's a nice pickup. And again, underscores the value of having piped an inactive basin that we can make some adjustments to. The second half of that expansion, to get up to that 900 a day of incremental, would require compression. So that's a little bit pricier, but again, not much. There is not significant, little bit of pipeline built on maybe, but it's not a significant investment, but that would require a 7c. In terms of getting -- once you get to Texas, gas will be flowing south and east primarily, east to Corpus and south to Mexico. We are expanding that network with a crossover expansion that we have got in service, and we put in service in September of last year. So we have got -- and it is a network. So you have got options there, and it doesn't cost as much to expand that as needed for takeaway. But my guess is, and Tom you can opine, there may be some expansions -- if people who want to take significant volumes to Houston, we may need some expansion.
Tom Martin: Yes. [They go 1.7] [ph] on the Houston.
Steve Kean: That will be a problem. We will be happy to have that problem, but --
Tom Martin: Short of that, I mean, there is a lot of -- really just changing the direction of the flow. I mean, we [indiscernible] today and a fair amount of that going to serve Mexico, some of that market today. So just letting that volume stay, and then actually we can pump some of that -- I mean, originally, these facilities were constructed to move gas from South Texas to Houston. So we have that capability today.
Steve Kean: And the other takeaway -- there is other takeaway. When you get to WAHA, that's a significant hub and there is significant capacity coming online from WAHA to Mexico. So that's the other value adding component of the EPNG projects.
Rich Kinder: I think once again, we have said over the years, how valuable it is to have the huge footprint that we have, particularly on the natural gas side, and this is just one more indicator of how valuable that is. The project is not done yet. The open season has concluded. But the fact of having all that pipe in the ground is of enormous advantage, when you start talking about expansions and extensions of your system.
Brandon Blossman: Great color. And then I will probably just follow-on on that topic. Competitive environment, we have three pipes essentially, very similar [indiscernible] announced in the same time period. So one, just what the competitive landscape looks like that, vis-à-vis producer interest? And then related, is there any chance of moving around the project, if there is demand and interest, say earlier 2019 or even late in 2018, is there something that can be done more quickly, in order to satisfy some residue gas takeaway issues?
Steve Kean: Well, it's an intrastate project, so it's not a federal process. So if the demand is there, and it's there in a hurry, we can move more quickly. Yeah, it is a competitive environment, but I feel like, we have got the best downstream connectivity here, and we touch all the major markets, including all the big growing markets, and I think that's a real advantage. I mean, Agua Dulce -- getting to Agua Dulce didn't use to be a very big deal, you were just in South Texas. If you are in Agua Dulce and connected to our system, and you can go to Mexico or you can go to Corpus Christi or you can go to Houston, then you have really got something. Now, we need to -- we are working to sell for the upstream piece, and that's where DCP, I think, is a very nice fit. But there are others out there too, who we could coordinate with, to make sure that we can get the gas to WAHA and of course, EPNG expansion fits very nicely with that. So we think we have got a very good offering. I am sure that the other competitors would say the same thing, but I think that you look at the upstream and the downstream and we have got a very nice offering.
Tom Martin: And one thing I would add Steve is, we are reducing interest from some of our customers in the intrastate network, actually wanting to reach back potentially all the way to WAHA. So again, I think that's something we offer in our project that our competitors don't.
Steve Kean: Plus, we'd like to buy some of the gas.
Brandon Blossman: All right. Perfect. Thank you very much guys.
Steve Kean: Thank you, Brandon.
Operator: Our next question is from Shneur Gershuni of UBS. Your line is now open.
Rich Kinder: Hi Shneur. Good afternoon.
Shneur Gershuni: Good afternoon guys. Maybe just to start off following up to some of the questions with respect to the Permian Gulf Coast express; with respect to that project, with DCP potentially being on the project, how far away are you from getting to a commitment level that you would feel comfortable moving forward with the project, as it gets you 'fairly close?' And then secondly, when we think about project returns, I know that the board has sort of been enforcing a mid-teens type of return hurdle, is that something that you would need for this project to proceed to just given the contracted nature, it looks like with this -- you would be willing to accept the lower return hurdle to move forward with the project?
Steve Kean: It's early to be talking about that. We have got a non-binding open season that's closing, and I think while the shipper interest, certainly producer interests, this is a maturing situation, as they are looking at takeaway capacity out of the Permian in their own production. And so I think, frankly, we are ways off there, in terms of maturing or ripening the project. I think we have got a good offering. I think DCP can bring volumes to themselves. We can bring purchase requirements to it. I think there are a lot of things that are compelling about it. But I think we are ways off. Now on returns, we have been using as a starting point, 15% unlevered after-tax returns and in projects where we are building off of our network, we have been pretty effective at getting those kinds of returns. And this has some of those characteristics, when you look at the downstream network and you look at upstream potentially on EPNG. On the other hand, where we have secure cash flows under long term contracts with good credits, we certainly talked with our business unit presidents about don't say no to those, if they are just -- because they are just a point or two off, bring them to us, let's have a look at them and see if on a risk adjusted basis, we are comfortable with them. So it's not a hard and fast, it's a totality of the circumstances kind of a valuation.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay. And just pivoting to TMX for a second here; you have the federal B.C. approvals in hand, but there is a lot of job owning in the upcoming B.C. elections about TMX's well too. I guess kind of two questions, one, what avenues would new government have in British Columbia to interfere with a project? And then again secondly, does the discussion with any JV partners or -- is it potentially suspended until after the election result is in, or the discussions continuing and ongoing, and it doesn't really influence the start?
Steve Kean: I will go with the last question first. So no, there is no suspension of any process. We are going full speed ahead on both processes here. On the B.C. election, as you pointed out, we do have our federal and also, our provincial approval, and that includes the EA and then also the environmental approval. And it also includes, reaching agreement with British Columbia on benefits of their five conditions, which are primarily, benefits to BC, as well as risk reduction associated with marine and land response. There are also many other benefits of this project to British Columbia, that we think are recognized, and think and hope would be taking into account, for creating a lot of B.C. jobs here. There is economic development. There is benefits to the First Nations and the communities along the route that we have entered into a mutual benefits agreements with. And we have got a lot of detailed plans and protections that we put in place, and that the British Columbia and federal governments have put in place, to mitigate any perceived risk from the project. Now we are -- also, this is a federally sanctioned project. Now we are watching, we are certainly following developments very closely, and the B.C. -- the government in B.C. can certainly have an impact on the project, but it's probably a little premature for us to pine [ph] on those exact impacts at this point. We have a lot of momentum on both the federal and the provincial level from all the work that we have done and that those governments have done to address the concerns that have been raised, and to make sure that there are benefits that are shared with the broader public. So we think we have got good strong support behind us, both at the federal and the provincial level.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay. And one final question; last quarter, you talked about green shoots potentially emerging. Q1 seem to have some momentum in it as well too. But you sort of didn't change your yearend leverage target, and so forth. Are you seeing these green shoots develop? Could we see -- exceed your leverage targets by the end of the year or rather EBITDA targets? I was wondering if you can sort of comment on what you are seeing in terms of flows in green shoot?
Steve Kean: Yeah, again, we are not changing our outlook and notwithstanding the strong first quarter performance, we are not changing our outlook for the full year. In terms of the debt-to-EBITDA metric changing, I think the main mover there is probably getting the financial arrangements in place for the Trans Mountain project. We are just a few weeks into the second quarter here, and I think there are some promising developments there. The rig count is one thing we have mentioned. Our Haynesville producer becoming more active on the gathering part of it. We are happy to be up 1% year-over-year on crude and condensate and refined products volumes. But it's just a little early for us to calling anything different on our EBITDA at this point.
Shneur Gershuni: Great. Thank you very much guys. Appreciate the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ted Durbin of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Rich Kinder: Afternoon Ted.
Ted Durbin: Hey Rich. How are you doing?
Rich Kinder: Good.
Ted Durbin: So I guess, just thinking about the JV and the promote on TMX and what you just announced on Elba a little while back, is there -- are those terms that you sort of came to on Elba? Breathe through for us, in terms of [indiscernible] about Trans Mountain. But from your perspective and in the way a potential partner might think about the investment in Trans Mountain?
Steve Kean: Yeah. I don't think so. They are very different projects. As I said, the Trans Mountain return is consistent with the average return -- the overall return in our back -- the overall multiple of EBITDA in our backlog, which is about 6.7 times. So they are not -- they are really very -- they are very different projects, and so, I don't think you can analogize much, except to say, that we got compensated for the work that we did in originating and developing the project at Elba, and we expect -- as we did on Utopia, and we'd expect the same to be true on Trans Mountain.
Kim Dang: The construction, when you look at how those projects are built, the construction is different. You know, you are going to take longer to construct Trans Mountain, than it takes to construct Elba. Elba is a self-contained site, with a signed EPC contract. In Trans Mountain we have multiple trucks over many miles. So the projects just have different returns and different risk profiles, and so I would expect that investors -- potential JV partners would take all those things into account. So I don't think you can take an Elba and apply it to Trans Mountain.
Rich Kinder: That's right. I would add, that of course what we have on both projects is very strong long term contracts with creditworthy entities, and I think, we just can't overemphasize on Trans Mountain, the fact that we have all these shippers who were signed up for 708,000 barrels a day, almost all of them for 20 years, and that is a very important factor, just [indiscernible] signed up on Elba, for that period.
Ted Durbin: Great. And then, I know this came up a lot at Analyst Day, but just a thought that -- you know, if you can't come to terms that you think are attractive for a JV partner and to promoting the things that you'd like to see. Let's say if the election goes south on you next month. I mean, you are still willing to walk away from the process or an IPO and are you willing to self-build the entire project, or would you then move to just the IPO process? Just where you are headed on all that?
Steve Kean: Yeah. I think that's not a decision we are confronting yet. We fully expect that the two track process is going to produce successful results for us, so that's what we are basing our decision making on right now.
Ted Durbin: Okay. Fair enough. And then if I can do one more smaller one; the two section 5 rate cases that you got hit with currently in the year. Just how much of an annual revenue impact would you see from those, if -- well let's say, the pipelines will return, we will call it a reasonable ROE, as the FERC see that, what would be the revenue impact there?
Steve Kean: Well first I will say, we feel very strongly that it was not appropriate to initiate those proceedings, because not all of the facts around those assets were fully taken into account in the section five process. We are also in discussions with our customers right now, and we did not expect that the -- anything other than -- at most, a de minimis impact on the margin for those assets.
Ted Durbin: Okay, perfect. I will leave it at that. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jean Ann Salisbury of Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Rich Kinder: Good afternoon Jean Ann.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hi, good afternoon. If you look at adding to your backlog. Should we think of the DCP JV as an indicator of broader interest than getting into the Permian in a bigger way? Or is it just opportunistic, since you already had existing gas assets? You had sort of continued to focus on building out existing basin [indiscernible]?
Steve Kean: No, we would like to -- we have existing assets that serve the Permian. EPNG of course, we have the line on the Texas intrastate, so that line is fully utilized and constrained and difficult to expand. So we are already there, and we are absolutely looking to expand our presence there. I should have mentioned too, NGPL serves the Permian and brings the gas northbound to Chicago, and their opportunities on that system as well, to take advantage of the developments there.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Great. And then, I don't think that this is victory, but can you just give a sense of how much of your backlog is waiting for quorum to move forward?
Steve Kean: I think, Tom correct me on this. We got orders on the projects that were time critical already, before the quorum disappeared early in the year. And so now, I think where we are is, we are not going to find the time critical issue, so long as they get quorum by midyear, thereabouts or even late 2017. So it's not constraining us right now, Jean Ann.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay. Great. That's all for me. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Danilo Juvane of BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Danilo Juvane: Thanks. Most of my questions have been asked, but I had a couple of follow-up questions on TMX. Within the B.C. agreement that you signed earlier this month, I think you stipulated the June end decision timeline followed by a July 2nd announcement. Is that the absolute latest we will hear something, or can you announce something prior to that?
Steve Kean: Yeah. That was really to set a date that was out there, kind of at the end of the timing thinking. So it was just a negotiated date, and it was put out there to be kind of at the end of the timing.
Danilo Juvane: Okay. So we could hear something earlier than that?
Steve Kean: Possible.
Danilo Juvane: Okay. Secondly, within that agreement, is there any protection that you have from this potential change in political regime in the province?
Steve Kean: Something in the agreement?
Danilo Juvane: Right. Meaning, if there is a change, politically, [indiscernible]. Does the agreement change in any way, shape or form?
Steve Kean: No, the agreement doesn't change. No, the agreement does not change.
Danilo Juvane: Okay. Got you. Last but not least, just a clean-up [ph] question for me; what was the CO2 CapEx for the quarter?
Kim Dang: $112 million.
Danilo Juvane: Got it. Thank you. That's it for me.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from John Edwards of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Rich Kinder: Hey John. How are you doing?
John Edwards: Good Rich. Thanks. Just a couple of quick ones here; just on the real strong export volumes on Mexico this quarter, and what kind of growth rate is expected for the rest of the year, in terms of export volumes to Mexico?
Steve Kean: Tom, do you have a feel for that?
Tom Martin: That's a tough one. I mean, I think, it really just depends on the timing of additional capacity coming online. I am not sure I could give you a number. I mean, we should be trending up from here, but not out of [indiscernible]. There is a very steep climb. I think it will just continue to fully grow.
John Edwards: Okay. And then, just on the dividend. I know -- any more thoughts on, kind of step it up high with a slower growth or step it up not as much and grow it fast? Any kind of preliminary thoughts on dividend policy?
Rich Kinder: Oh, we are going to step it up high and grow it fast. Just kidding John. Look, we are going to have more say on that later in the year. But as we emphasize consistently, we are going to have the firepower, we believe, to significantly raise the dividend. And when we do, we are going to make sure that we -- that dividend is strongly covered. And one way of looking at it is, we'd like to be able, in an ordinary year, to be able to fund the equity portion of our expansion CapEx out of the cash flow, which would lead to good coverage of whatever dividend we are paying. But we haven't made any detailed decisions on it. And again, as we promised, we are going to do that later this year and get back to you with our outlook for 2018.
John Edwards: Okay, great. And then just one other question on Trans Mountain, you may not be able to comment on this, but in terms of the timing of the payment -- I know at Analyst Day, if I recall correctly, there was a discussion about having a good chunk of the amount be paid upfront versus -- over the construction process. Any other datapoints or color you can provide on that?
Steve Kean: That's still consistent with our expectation?
John Edwards: Which one, Steve?
Steve Kean: The upfront, giving a significant portion of the proceeds upfront.
John Edwards: Paid upfront. All right. That's helpful. Thank you. That's it for me.
Rich Kinder: Thank you, John.
Operator: Our next question is from Darren Horowitz of Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Rich Kinder: Good evening Darren.
Darren Horowitz: Good afternoon Rich. Hope you and everybody is doing well. Steve, just a quick question for you on Gulf Coast Express; when we put all the pieces of the puzzle together, of the 1.7 that's being marketed, inclusive of the reside gas that DCP could commit, and we can all see what that is, and the options both upstream and downstream at the pipe that you talked about. Based on what you are marketing, how much total capacity do you think is necessary to commercialize the project? And then, as you mentioned, it makes a world of sense to be a buyer of that gas, especially if they can come back and capitalize on some regional [indiscernible], so how much capacity would you want to just leave open for that opportunity?
Steve Kean: Yeah, very early to tell. Again, Darren, it would be -- if the demand is there at a high enough rate, you wouldn't have to fill the whole pipe. Tom, our purchase business is over 1 BCF a day, that's the whole portfolio, right?
Tom Martin: Probably 2.5.
Steve Kean: 2.5 BCF a day and Eagle Ford is declining. So it would be a nice -- at an attractive price, a nice way to fill in for that, and the purchase part of portfolio, the Texas intrastate. Too early to tell what that mix will be.
Darren Horowitz: Okay. Do you have a sense -- and this is my follow-up, and I will leave it here. Do you have a sense when you look at what's being marketed out of the basin, relative to residue gas, with high growth expectations? Either yours or from third parties. Do you have a sense of how much takeaway capacity is actually going to be necessary?
Tom Martin: I mean, I think at least [indiscernible] in some analysis we'd see [ph] two additional pipes. So definitely enough to build this project.
Darren Horowitz: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Jeremy Tonet of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Rich Kinder: Hi Jeremy. How are you?
Jeremy Tonet: Good. Good afternoon. Thanks. Going back to TMX for a second here, I was just wondering if you could remind us, if you guys had kind of finalized, whether or not the JV and IPO process, whether that would include existing assets, or is it just the project itself? Could you just walk us through your way of thinking there?
Steve Kean: Yeah. So it's very difficult to -- really, it's effectively impossible to break the expansion from the existing Trans Mountain system. It's effectively a twinning of that system, with some blind reactivations in it, and common facilities at the terminals and at the dock. So really the way we would be selling this, either at JV or an IPO is with the existing system as well. And in the IPO, potentially with a broader offering of our Canadian assets as well.
Jeremy Tonet: Got you. Thanks. And just one more, as far as Gulf Express there, and congratulations on that project, where the open season there. Was just curious as far as the interplay between kind of new projects and kind of returning a dividend to a higher level in the interplay, because I assume, 2018 CapEx steps down somewhat from 2017 and that kind of helps you in the process of being able to lift the dividend. And so it's a great thing to win new projects, but then, you know, you see the interplay there, as far as the leverage is concerned. So just wondering if you could walk us through your thoughts there?
Steve Kean: I think it goes back to what Rich said earlier. We would look to have enough coverage over our dividend to be able to continue to fund the equity portion of a growth capital plan. So we are looking at -- we are going to be looking at all of that, as we come up with our guidance to the latter part of this year -- in the latter part of this year.
Jeremy Tonet: Got you. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Michael Blum of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Rich Kinder: Michael, how are you?
Michael Blum: Good, thanks. Just two quick follow-ups on Trans Mountain, on the JV IPO. Just what is the latest in terms of timing? In terms of when you think you will have an announcement? And then second question, would FID come sort of concurrent with that, or is that running on some sort of separate track? Thanks.
Steve Kean: The timing is this quarter, and we haven't been more specific than that Michael. We are running both processes simultaneously, and again, the point there is, that we want to get ourselves to a fully negotiated JV side or fully marketed on the IPO side to kind of see what our value is. We would expect that the FID would come close in time, with the conclusion of those processes.
Michael Blum: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We show no further questions at this time, speakers.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Thank you very much, Carrie. Thanks for all of you participating in our call and we will talk later.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-18 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Rich Kinder - Executive Chairman Steve Kean - CEO Kim Dang - CFO Tom Martin - President, Natural Gas Pipelines Ron McClain - President, Products Pipelines
Analysts: Kristina Kazarian - Deutsche Bank Shneur Gershuni - UBS Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Company Jean Ann Salisbury - Bernstein Darren Horowitz - Raymond James Keith Stanley - Wolfe Research Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Danilo Juvane - BMO Capital Markets Jeremy Tonet - JPMorgan Chase John Edwards - Credit Suisse Tom Abrams - Morgan Stanley Sunil Sibal - Seaport Global Securities
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today’s call [Operator Instructions]. This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. Now, I would like to hand the call over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. Sir, you may begin.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Jay and welcome to our quarterly call. Before we begin, as always, I would like to remind you that today’s earnings release and this call includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1935 and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. We encourage you to read our full disclosure on forward-looking statements, and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release, as well as review our latest filings with the SEC for a list of risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. Before turning to Steve Kean, our CEO and Kim Dang, our CFO for an update on our operational and financial performance, let me just start the call by reiterating our strategy at Kinder Morgan. We’re all about creating value for our shareholders. To accomplish that goal, we’ve worked really diligently in 2016 to strengthen our balance sheet, and we did. We also achieved financial performance consistent with the guidance we’ve been giving since our first quarter call in April 2016. We expect that the strengthening of the balance sheet will continue in 2017. We also expect that when we finish our work on JVs and as we work through the backlog, we will be producing cash well in excess of our investment needs. While we have alternatives in using that cash to deliver value to shareholders, our current thinking remains that the best way to deliver that value is through substantially increasing our dividend. We expect to update you on that in the later part of this year when we announce our dividend policy for 2018. Steve?
Steve Kean: Yes. Ken, will take you through the fourth quarter and full year performance in detail. So I am going to focus on three themes on our performance that have implications for 2017 and beyond; first, our balance sheet strengthening initiative; second, progress on our growth projects; and third, where we are beginning to see some positive indications in the sector. On the first, we ended the year ahead of target at 5.3 times debt to EBITDA after executing on a number of joint ventures and divestitures through the year. We've built our plans for 2017 to continue that progress, including a joint venture, or IPO, of the Trans Mountain expansion. Both of those approaches are attractive to us and interest is strong. We will develop both alternatives further this quarter and position ourselves to take advantage of the best one in terms of value and other key terms. We believe that syndicating Trans Mountain is the right answer for our shareholders and for the project. It now represents close to half of our backlog. And we believe the value we can receive from investors willing to participate plus the syndication of risk that comes with it, makes bringing in other investors to best approach. We've counted nothing to the value we believe will be realized from investors who wish to participate in the project when we came up with our ending debt metric of 5.4 times for 2017. So, we believe we've left ourselves some room to improve on that metric as the year goes on. Bottom line, we exceeded what we said we would in 2016, and we will work to beat our 2017 target as well. Second, with respect to progress on our projects, starting with the backlog, it now stands at $12 billion, which is down from $13 billion last quarter. We placed little under $800 million with the projects into service during the quarter and about $1.8 billion over the full year 2016. We removed $200 million for the projects in the quarter, and overall $4.6 billion of projects were removed over the full year. Some of the removals during the year were based on regulatory circumstances, but in almost all cases, we were eliminating the project in order to accelerate progress -- removing the project, accelerated progress on the balance sheet and freed up capital for higher return projects. We also had $50 million of reduced cost in the quarter, again still reconciling the backlog here. We added $167 million of new investments during the quarter, and $740 million for the full year. Now, much of that and some of the project removals were a function of high-grading our investments within CO2, eliminating some projects adding others. In short, we high-graded the backlog to strengthen the balance sheet and directing our capital to the highest return opportunity, just as we said we would. So, in 2016; we improved the balance sheet; made progress on our projects; found a few new high return projects; closed the year with DCF and EBITDA results in line with what we've been projecting since April; covered our dividend and our growth CapEx needs without needing to access capital markets; and we expect to continue our progress in 2017. I think also worth noting, we've been watching counter-party credit risk over the course of the year. And we've not had a default resulting in a revenue impact to us since early April of this year. We made that a priority, and I think we've been successful through the year. Of course, we were impacted early in the first quarter by bankruptcies from some of our coal customers. But we've done a very good job of holding the line since then on counter-party credit. So, third, I'll give you an overview of the road ahead and some market recovery begins to take shape in the markets we serve. Starting with natural gas; North American Gas continues to be the long-term fuel-of-choice in meeting domestic and increasingly international energy needs; growth, we believe, is going to be driven by the emerging demand coal from power plants; gas, exceeded coal’s share of power demand for the first time in 2016. Second, exports to Mexico, of which KM has about 75% share. LNG exports, which of course are emerging on the Gulf Coast and expect to reach a full level of between 8 Bcf and 9 Bcf of capacity limit build-out is complete of just the current projects, and finally Gulf Coast, petchem and industrial demand. So in green shoots, we saw some green shoots in the fourth quarter, including some record setting days on two of our larger systems. The return of price volatility, which our storage business is, we’re able to take advantage of both for 2016 period, as well as for 2017. We had about a half of Bcf of new natural gas capacity sign ups, so less than 100 of that was -- about 60 of that was existing capacity, bringing the total over the last three year period up to 8.7 Bcf. While gathered volumes were down on our system, the return of rigs to the Eagle Ford and Haynesville, the resilience of our assets in the Bakken where we actually kept oil gathered at roughly flat, and increase our gas gathering volumes, were good leading indicators for us. To put this in context, our gas business represents about 55% of our segment earnings and gathering and processing is about 20% of that number. In North American crude, green shoots were apparent as rig count rose significantly over the last half year, and U.S. production actually grew during the fourth quarter. Producers have continued to lower their breakeven prices with respect to the Eagle Ford's specifically, which is hit especially hard, was hit especially hard by the downturn. Acreage has now started to change hand from capital constrained players to new owners who we expect we will do more with that position. We expect to see volumes in the Eagle Ford, both gas and oil, to continue to decline in the first part of 2017 before flattening and then starting to grow as 2017 progresses. Refined products have held steady. Pipelines are the cost effective way to move products from refining to market centers, and we have the largest refined product pipelines position. Further, our terminals assets are well positioned. About 80% of segment earnings before DD&A and the terminal sector and outcomes from liquids and that is predominantly from refined products. And in Huston, in particular, we are in a great position to participate and demand growth, as well as export growth through refined products. On NGLs, while the NGL processing business is a small part of our network, there is visible growth that we are positioned to benefit from, as petchem projects are completed over next one to two years. So, overall, the long-term prospects for North American Energy are bright, and our efforts are well positioned to participate in the recovery and growth. I am going to conclude with an update on two largest projects, Trans Mountain and Elba. First, on Trans Mountain, Trans Mountain achieved two critical milestones in December of 16, and this month in '17. On December 2nd, we received a Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity from the government of Canada. And just last week, British Columbia Premier Clark announced that we have met our five conditions that she specified for heavy oil pipelines crossing B.C., and also importantly, the B.C. government issued its environmental order approving the project with conditions. These were enormous steps forward in enabling us to help Canadian producers, access world markets, and the steps were taken in connection with an overall package of federal and provincial policies and decisions designed to mitigate and address environmental, climate, and First Nation's concerns. The comprehensive set of announcements coming from the federal and provincial governments over the last several months. Of which, this project was just one piece. This expansion, our expansion, is needed as Canadian oil sands production continues to grow, even though it's at a slower pace than it was two years ago, and pipeline take-away capacity is constrained. We remain confident that the vast majority of our shippers want the capacity that they have, some may even want more. And there are other customers who are interested in capacity, if it were to become available. So, this project has advanced significantly since our update last quarter. Here is what remains for us; we’re finalizing our cost estimate for the shippers; we expect now that's going to be delivered in early February; we then have the shipper review of those costs, that takes place over a 30-day period; and then we have a final investment decision that we expect to make sometime late Q1 or early Q2. During this period, we’ll be working on bringing in additional investors, either in the context of the joint venture or as an IPO, as I mentioned. So, it's going to be a busy next few months on our largest projects. Turning to Elba, we’re under construction here. We are receiving notices to proceed from FERC under the 7(c) that we got, the certificate that we got last June. The notices are coming through on a timely basis. So we’re under construction. Just a reminder, we have a 20-year contract with Shell in this project. While not essential in our contracts with Shell, the project now has both FTA and non-FTA that is Free Trade Agreement export authorization. We've got an EPC contract in place. We have this project identified as a JV candidate, and believe that the prospects for concluding something on that front are very good. As we've said before, we don’t have to JV the project, but we believe it's a good candidate, will attract good value from investors. And we believe the prospects of concluding something there are very good. And with that, I’ll turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer and our newest Board member, Kim Dang.
Kim Dang: Thanks, Steve. Today, we’re declaring a dividend of $0.125 per share, consistent with our budget. I'm going to take you through all the numbers as usual. But I don’t think you’re going to find any surprises in our results. As adjusted EBITDA, GCF and net debt to adjusted EBITDA are all consistent with the guidance that we have provided since April updated for the SNG transaction. Starting with the preliminary GAAP income statement, you will see that revenues are down and costs of sales have increased, resulting in about $457 million reduction in gross margins. As I've told you many quarters, we do not believe that changes in revenue, or revenue itself, are a good predictor of our performance. However, when revenues are down, we generally see a reduction in our cost of sales, which more than offset the reduction in revenues as we have some businesses where revenues and expense fluctuate with commodity prices, but margin generally does not. That did not hold true this quarter, so let me explain. Both revenues and cost of sales are impacted by non-cash, non-recurring accounting entries, which we call certain items. Certain items contributed $237 million of the quarter-over-quarter gross margin reduction with the largest being an approximately $200 million of revenue that we recorded in the fourth quarter of 2015 related to a pipeline contract buyout. Adjusting for these certain items, gross margin would have been down $220 million. The largest contributor to this decrease is the sale of 50% interest in SNG. As a result of the sale, we no longer consolidate SNGs revenues or cost of sales. But it's fair to report our 50% interest in net income further down the income statement as equity earnings. Keep in mind also that SNG did not have significant cost of sales. The impact of deconsolidated SNG was approximately $134 million reduction in gross margin for the quarter, leaving a reduction in gross margin of about $86 million, which I think is more consistent with how we would view our results. The main drivers of the remaining gross margin reduction are consistent with those that I'll cover for you on DCF in a moment. Net income available for common shareholders in the quarter was $170 million or $0.08 per share versus a loss of $721 million or a loss per share of $0.32 in the fourth quarter of the prior year, resulting in an increase of $891 million or $0.40 a share. Now, before everyone celebrates a 125% increase in our earnings, let me give you the numbers adjusted for certain items. Net income available to common shareholders before certain items was $410 million versus the adjusted number in 2015 of $463 million, down $53 million or 11%. EPS before certain items was $0.18, down $0.03 versus the fourth quarter of 2016. Certain items in the fourth quarter of this year were in expense of $239 million. The largest of which was $250 million non-cash impairment of our investment in Ruby. Although, the majority of Ruby's capacity is contracted until 2021, the impairment was driven by delay and expected West Coast natural gas demand to be on that timeframe. Certain items in 2015 were a net expense of $1.2 billion, also driven primarily by non-cash impairments. Let's turn to the second page of financials now, which shows our DCF for the quarter and year-to-date, and is reconciled to our GAAP numbers in the earnings release. DCF is the primary financial measure on which management judges its performance. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, our 2016 performance is consistent with the guidance provided since April, updated for the SNG transaction. DCF and adjusted EBITDA are approximately 4% below our budget, and net debt to adjusted EBITDA is 5.3 times. We generated total DCF for the quarter of $1.147 billion versus $1.233 billion for the comparable period in 2015, down $86 million or 7%. There are a lot of moving parts, but if you want a very simple explanation, the segments are down $123 million, primarily due to reduction in our natural gas and CO2 segment as a result to the 50% SNG sale and lower realized oil prices. Interest expense was reduced by $41 million versus the fourth quarter in the prior year, as we use the proceeds from the SNG transaction to repay debt. These two items the change in the segment and the change in interest expense, net to a change of $82 million or approximately 95% of the DCF change. DCF per share of $0.51 versus $0.55 for the fourth quarter of the prior year, are down $0.04. Almost all of which is associated with the DCF earnings I just walked you through. $0.51 in DCF per share results in $867 million of excess distributable cash flow above our $0.125 dividend for the quarter. For the full year, DCF per share was $2.2, resulting in almost $3.4 billion excess distributable cash flow above our dividend. Now, let me give you a little more detail on the segment performance. The natural gas segment is down $114 million, largely due to the sale of SNG. Increased contribution from TGP expansion projects placed in service largely offsets lower midstream volumes. CO2 decreased by approximately $54 million due to lower oil price and approximately 8% lower production. As Steve mentioned, the lower production was partially driven by project deferrals, as well as reallocating capital higher return projects with slower production response. The Terminals segment was up $39 million or 15%, driven by increased contributions from our Jones Act tankers and our joint venture with BP. Products was up 19%, impacted by higher volumes on KMCC and Double H pipes, and favorable performance in our Transmix business. And KMC was down about $5 million due to timing above it. Versus our budget, as I previously mentioned, adjusted EBITDA was about 4% below budget, largely as a result of the partial sale of SNG, lower gas midstream and natural gas volumes in our natural gas segment, full bankruptcy impact, and reduced liquid throughput and ancillaries in our Terminal segment, lower crude and condensate volumes in our products and lower crude and condensate volumes in our product segment. The individual segments ended up very consistent with the guidance we gave you in the prior quarter. DCF was down approximately 4% with the negative variance on adjusted EBITDA, somewhat offset by reduced interest and sustaining CapEx. With that, I’ll move to the balance sheet. On the balance sheet, you will see total assets down about $3.8 billion. A huge driver of the reduction in assets was the scale of SNG, and you can see that coming through primarily in the plant, property and equipment line and the reduction in goodwill. Net debt, we ended the quarter at $38.16 billion. That translates into net debt to adjusted EBITDA of 5.3 times, as I’ve previously mentioned, consistent with the guidance we gave you. For the year, debt is decreased $3.064 billion and for the quarter we had a reduction in debt of $1.088 billion. And so let me reconcile that for you. In the quarter, $1.088 billion reduction in debt, we had $1.147 billion of DCF. We had about $627 million in expansion CapEx, acquisitions and contributions to equity investments. We had divestiture proceeds of $77 million plus $776 million of the SNG divestiture proceeds. We had placed in Escrow on September 30th to pay down debt on October 1. So those proceeds were released from Escrow. And then we paid dividend of $279 million. Working capital and other items were very small source of cash. For the year, reduction in debt of $3.064 billion, DCF was $4.511 billion, expansion CapEx acquisitions and contributions to equity investments were a use of cash of $3.06 billion. Now, that number is a little bit different from the number you saw in the press release and that’s because this is a cash number and the number in the press release is an accrual number. We’ve got divestiture proceeds of $2.94 billion, and the biggest piece of that was SNG. SNG, we got $1.4 billion in cash and then also $1.2 billion, and that was deconsolidated. The other contributors to divestitures proceeds, we sold our Parkway pipeline. We got a $142 million. We got a promote on Utopia, and then we've got some proceeds on some small terminal sales. Dividends for the year $1.12 billion, and then working capital on other items was a use cash of about $210 million. And that's a whole laundry list of things, including the Maple payments that we paid on the debt that we repaid in conjunction with the SNG transaction, timing on distributions from JVs, margin that went out the door, working capital used on AP and AR, offset by positive working capital on property tax. So, with that, I'll turn it back to Rich.
Rich Kinder: Okay, thank you. And Jay, we're willing to take questions now.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Participants, we will start the question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is coming from the line of Kristina Kazarian from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Kristina Kazarian: So, congrats on the TMX milestones, I got a quick question here though. So I know, I'm still waiting for FID, and you guys were thinking about what the final cost number will be. But could you just talk a little bit about that in the context of the 6.7 times spill-over with multiple you referred to when talking about the project backlog. And just generally, how I should be thinking about the return on this project?
Steve Kean: The return on -- it’s a very good return on the project. It is if you think about our overall backlog multiple being about 6.5 times EBITDA, it's a little bit better than that. Now, keep in mind, there's capital spend that's going on for a while under this project, so that doesn't translate directly into an IRR. But it’s a very attractive returning project. And what we invest in this project, wherever that number comes about, we earn on that number when we set the final cost.
Kristina Kazarian: And then could you give a quick update on Utopia, as well? I know the press release reference progress made on the right of way. But how should I be thinking about that?
Steve Kean: So actually this call last quarter we had just gotten an order from one of the courts in Ohio, finding that Utopia did not have imminent domain in that particular jurisdiction. We’ve since had mixed results, meaning that some have found eminent domain rights, common career status, and public utility status in the eminent domain. But we can't wait for all of that to resolve itself so we Ron McClain and his team put together a strategy to go pursue the right of way, notwithstanding whatever the courts decide. And they've made very good progress on that. And so I think the way to think about it is we believe we're going to get it done, and we've acquired a substantial amount of the right of way, and we believe we're going to complete it.
Kristina Kazarian: And last one from me. Can you guys talk a little bit more about this, small but looks like new JV with EnLink? And what the genesis for this project and strategic venture is?
Steve Kean: Yes, so we have a position in the scoop/stack area that came as part of the Hiland acquisition, and some acreage dedications there, commitments there. And we looked for the most, the best, returning opportunity to get that system built-out. And essentially because there's additional processing capacity in the area, we were able to come up with a much better project from an NPB standpoint, and if we had later on pipe and built the brand new processing facility. So it turns out better for shareholder. We utilize some under-utilized capacity that our partner had, and end up with the better results for our customer and shareholders.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Shneur Gershuni from UBS. Your line is open.
Shneur Gershuni: Just had a couple of quick questions. I guess, just following up on the TMX question. With the focus towards the -- to a potential JV, I was wondering if you can talk to us about how we should think about expectations of what the promote could potentially look like? If I recall with Utopia did about 20% promote. But at the same time, when I look at where Canadian pipelines are trading at these days, it seems to be far higher than that. Is there a scenario where we could see a promote that’s -- it will in excess of 20%. I was wondering if you can give us some color as to how to think how it would work?
Steve Kean: Well, no. We specifically have not given specific guidance on that, because frankly we don’t want to set a marker out there. We want to run a process and test that value. But we don’t want potential counter parties to see a number out there that they feel like if I hit that then I’m done. And so, we think it’s best for our shareholders, best for the project overall, if we just run the process.
Rick Kinder: But we can say that the interest has been very strong from potential JV partners, and also strong interest in an IPO as an alternative.
Shneur Gershuni: And as a follow-up question, in your prepared remarks, Steve, you talked about green shoots. What I think about the contracted nature of many of your assets in terms of some MBCs and fee base and so forth. I was wondering if you can talk about if these green shoots to do continue, where we can potentially see a positive revision to your EBITDA guidance for 2017?
Steve Kean: What might affect our guidance, actually we’ll get into that in a fair amount of detail next week at the call. I think one place that we’ve seen some value that actually have had an impact, and now we’ve got, and I’d say it’s going to exceed 2017 plan. But the return of some value to the storage assets, I think, has been a good sign. And that’s a place, that’s a potential positive. But we’re getting to some -- and you could say that too about throughput on our products pipeline potentially, throughput on -- through our terminals facilities, et cetera. But we’ll give you a pretty good look next week on what we think the drivers are in our business for 2017.
Shneur Gershuni: And the final follow up and I suspect this is the next week answer as well too. But you put out the return marker of 6.7 times, excluding CO2 projects. I was wondering if you can remind us what the target was for CO2 related projects, and how much of the backlog is represented by CO2 these days.
Steve Kean: Yes, so we have set a minimum of 15% unlevered after-tax for CO2. And the projects that we’ve approved recently were well in excess of that amount. So, we’re now trying to identify -- we’re trying to identify good high returning projects, stress test for different oil price scenarios et cetera. But we set that as kind of a minimum. And the total on EOR -- the total on CO2 is $1.4 billion of the $12 billion in the backlog.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Brandon Blossman from Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Company. Your line is open go ahead please.
Brandon Blossman: Let's try a couple of LNG related questions. Thinking about the potential for an Elba JV, what are the metrics that will help you determine whether or not it makes sense to you? Is it a return threshold? Is it a de-levering -- deleveraging metric, EBITDA or something else, or a combination of all the above?
Steve Kean: Well, the reason for considering a JV on Elba is to address the balance sheet. So we of course take into account what the impact is going to be on our leverage metric. But it's really a function of return. Now, it's the value that we get for someone buying-in and participating in the project.
Brandon Blossman: The Southwest Louisiana supply project, is that tied to the Cameron online date, or is that contractual February 18th?
Rich Kinder: No, it is tied to the first in service on that project.
Brandon Blossman: But it looks like there's the potential you get your part done before them, I guess. And then just very simplistically, on CO2 projects north of 15% return, and I assume that that's for crude pricing, correct?
Steve Kean: Yes, we look at it on a strip, but then we also look at it with the sensitivity off of that strip to make sure that to look at what a NPV '15 breakeven price would need to be. So, we look at the pricing in a couple of different ways.
Brandon Blossman: Okay, that’s all. Thanks…
Steve Kean: There's always the potential if there's downside risk in the pricing where we still have a nice return in economic project works.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Jean Ann Salisbury from Bernstein. Your line is open, go ahead please.
Jean Ann Salisbury: It's been an enabler that Trump is supportive of Keystone. I'm just wondering what impact, if any, that has on the potential of Trans Mountain shippers, and maybe they're willing just to pay?
Steve Kean: So, we don't think that it has much impact. We think that there're some significant advances to the Trans Mountain project. Of course it is under contract with shippers. And it is these projects that we believe is in the lead, and gets people to tide-water where they can access a world market price. And so there's a strong interest in it, and that strong interest has continued after Trump's election and after his comments on Keystone.
Jean Ann Salisbury: And also on Trans Mountain, the Canadian dollar has fallen pretty significantly since you've started the Trans Mountain process. I think that’s also true. But I just want to make sure that both the CapEx and the tariffs are in Canadian dollars, so there’s not really any ForEx impact either way?
Steve Kean: So, we’ve carried the CapEx in our backlog in U.S. dollars. But yes, the tariff is in Canadian dollars, and the CapEx that gets communicated to our customers will be in Canadian dollars as well.
Jean Ann Salisbury: So just in terms of return, there is not really ForEx exposure?
Steve Kean: No.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay, thank you. And then…
Kim Dang: Most of the spend is in Canadian dollars.
Steve Kean: Right.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay, thank you. And then last one is, you noted that figures in the gas volumes were down because of Texas intrastate due to declining Eagle Ford. I am just wondering how much room there is for Permian gas growth to offset this or if you’re kind of near your max for Permian gas lift? [Ph]
Rich Kinder: On the Intrastate?
Jean Ann Salisbury: Yes.
Rich Kinder: Yes. We are fairly full of intrastate rate system of what we can see from the Permian. As Steve said earlier, I think we are approaching a bottom in the Eagle Ford volumes to expect those to flatten out towards the middle of the year and more the likely with oil later in 2017.
Steve Kean: And Permian volume, I mean the intrastate aside for a moment, Permian volume growth does tend to drive good value on our EPNG assets.
Rich Kinder: Right.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Darren Horowitz from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Darren Horowitz: Couple of quick questions. The first, within Products Pipes, on that segment, exiting 4Q and I realize, we will get more detail on this next Wednesday, but exiting 4Q, were you guys more optimistic about the incremental uplift on NGL volumes and margins or possibly what KMCC and Double H could do as capacity utilization improves into the first quarter?
Steve Kean: Ron, do you want to…
Ron McClain: Well, what we are seeing recently is strong volumes in Q4 and in January and we expect that to fall off a little bit, but I think we expect KMCC volumes to return as Tom said, rest of the year, and should drill [indiscernible]
Darren Horowitz: I am just trying to get a sense of the expected pull through and kind of how that segment ultimately shakes up for year-over-year performance thinking about the quarters, but I know we are getting to that on Wednesday, so we can defer till then. If I could just switch quickly over to CO2, within that 8% lower reported production estimate or actual, outside of those project deferrals and that reallocation of capital, the projects, production response that you guys discussed, was there anything from a legacy organic field decline perspective that caught your attention, maybe pattern conformance or anything that we should be looking out for?
Steve Kean: I think, look, there is a natural decline associated with those fields and we continue to work for ways to offset those declines, and historically we have been able to do that. And we are looking at and we will go over this next week as well looking for some opportunities to flatten out again or potentially even grow that production with some new opportunities in those fields. I guess, I wouldn’t say that there was anything unexpected in what we saw in our results there.
Darren Horowitz: Okay. And then, last question from me. Kim, just a quick housekeeping one on that $215 million impairment on the equity investment in Ruby, recognizing obviously the non-cash nature of it, can you quantify for us maybe the magnitude and timing shift of that West Coast natural gas demand that drove the impairment to be recognized? I am just trying to get a sense of the drivers behind it.
Kim Dang: Sure. It probably moved out three to four years.
Darren Horowitz: Okay, thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Keith Stanley - Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Keith Stanley: How are you guys thinking about some of the legal challenges to the Trans Mountain project, just your thoughts there on where you expect to be challenged, how you are feeling about the legal case and over what timeline we should expect some of these challenges to play out?
Steve Kean: Okay. Yes, several parts to that answer. So, one is legal challenges have already been filed. Most of the legal challenges to date related to the project have resulted positively for the project continuing. And a big part of that I think is due to the fact that the Canadian government provincially and federally has taken a long time, a lot of care, and gathered a lot of information, and attached to lot of conditions and engaged in lot of consultation in order to make the orders that they ultimately issued very strong and hard to overturn on appeal. So, it was a lot of good work, building the record and listening to, responding to, and putting in place the appropriate conditions to deal with the legitimate concerns that have been raised. Our view of the appeals and we’ll be filling our responses today or shortly to those that have already been filled is that they are unlikely to succeed on the merits on appeal and that given the much higher standard for something like in injunction for example, they are unlike to succeed in getting something that actually stops the project. So, I think the credit goes to our team up there, but certainly the government engaging in such a thorough process which ultimately makes those orders very strong.
Keith Stanley: Great. So, you sound pretty confident there. One follow-up, just any more color on the merits when you are considering a JV partner for the project relative to an IPO of the Canadian business, just how you are weighing what some of the positives and negatives would be of each option? And then also how do we think about the timing of when you would look to do a sell down, is it soon after FID or would you wait a little while on this?
Rich Kinder: Let's start with the timing. We would anticipate doing something [indiscernible] with the FID or shortly thereafter. And as far as timing is concerned, I think that that will give you an idea. There is a lot of pros and cons between the JVs and IPO, and we can get into more detail perhaps next week on that. But I think the real salient point is that both are very good potential alternatives. And we think we're going to have the ability to make a selection between the good and the better. So, we think that it's going to be a decision that benefits our shareholders for the long run.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Craig Shere from Tuohy Brothers. Your line is open.
Craig Shere: Quick question, once you are done with the balance sheet repair, are you still planning on financing half of ongoing growth CapEx that is separate from JV partners in the debt markets and the rest sub operating cash flow?
Rich Kinder: I think that's a good summary. Obviously, we’ll look into circumstance as we go forward. But, predilection would be to get to the point where we have gotten our balance sheet in the right shape, and we think we are getting a lot closer to that. That's what we've indicated. I think you’ll see good results from JVs over the course of this year that will move us in that direction. And when we’ve done that and as -- we will be able to maintain that balance sheet that debt to EBITDA ratio and without putting out new equity, unless we desire to do so. So, we will be using excess coverage dollars above our dividend payouts to fund the equity portion of the capital expenditures. And while we look at all the alternatives, as far as good new projects on a going forward basis, obviously Trans Mountain project is a little bit like that over you saw about the pig going through the restricted. [Ph] It is a huge pig going through and when you get through on the other side, we anticipate our capital expenditure levels will be less. We are still going to be looking for growth opportunities but our capital expenditures will not be as great.
Craig Shere: On that node, it didn’t sound like there was maybe much added in terms of new project origination in the fourth quarter. How comfortable are you given the positive signs already discussed that maybe would just start to move over the next couple of years back towards that 2 billion to 3 billion and annual project origination?
Steve Kean: Yes and that could happen. I mean, like we’ve always said, we will continue to look for good, higher returning projects. We believe that is the best way to deliver values who invested in good, high returning projects. But I think our current view is that we are likely to generate cash as these projects come on. We are likely to generate cash in excess of those -- equity portion of those investment opportunities. And in those circumstances, we believe the best way to return value to shareholders is within increasing dividend.
Craig Shere: Understood, yes. If you are only having to cover half of that, your operating cash, so you definitely have a lot free.
Steve Kean: That’s right.
Craig Shere: So, last question, any update, I suppose that you might touch on some specifics on the segments next week but any update about prospects for contracting remaining unhedged Jones Act tankers?
Steve Kean: Yes. Currently, I believe everything that’s on the water is under charter.
Unidentified Company Representative: 11 of the 16 are under long-term contracts. That have some exposure, the total exposure for next year to our budget is $2.9 million or 0.2% of our total budget for 2017.
Steve Kean: 0.29% for the total budget.
Craig Shere: I got you. So, all the exposure is for what's -- in terms of anything meaningful, what’s yet to be delivered?
Steve Kean: Well, in sum, our existing charter terminations as well as ships roll off of charter. And look, I think we’ve been very active in re-chartering vessels as charter expirations come up, and I think have been pretty successful in what is no doubt a down market and making sure that our ships have charters even if it’s at a reduced rate. And that will continue to be our goal through the year. I think also, we would hope that we and the other large vessel companies would be able to take a little business from the ATB market and I think we are beginning to see; we are competing for that business as well. We’re starting to see that.
Operator: Alright our next question is coming from the line of Danilo Juvane from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Danilo Juvane: I wanted to circle back the question on Ruby. So, there was a write down on Ruby this quarter. I think if I’m not mistaken, MEP was written down last quarter. Are there any expectations of additional write downs on a going forward basis perhaps? 
Kim Dang: I think carrying value on Fayetteville is like a $100 million. So, it’s got a relatively low carrying value. We have to asses our assets every quarter and to make sure that we’re carrying them at the right value. I don’t see significant risk of imperilments going forward but we will have to make that assessment based on market conditions at the end of every quarter.
Danilo Juvane: Got it. And the last question for me, most of my questions have been asked. What was the CO2 CapEx spend this past quarter?
Steve Kean: I don’t think we have a quarterly number for you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan Chase. Your line is open. Go ahead, please. 
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to go back to TMX here and just want to clarify, do you see any situation where you would go to loan with this project or at this point you feel you have a lot of certainty with regards to the JV or IPO options, if you’re pretty certain that that would happen at this point?
Steve Kean: It’s the latter, it’s the latter. I mean, that’s an option to us but I’d say, as I said at the very beginning, we think that syndicating this is the right answer overall. And we think that the interest level is high enough and strong enough for whichever route that we take that we’re going to be successful in that syndication.
Jeremy Tonet: Great, thanks. And then, could you just walk us through what you think might be the optimal amount to monetize at this point and how you kind of think about gives and takes there?
Steve Kean: It varies so much depending on the structure that’s pursued and it’s a broad enough range that I can’t really give you a specific answer there.
Jeremy Tonet: Okay, great. And then just a housekeeping one there, what was the last number for the CapEx spend there; how current is that?
Steve Kean: We have been carrying -- so it is as we said in the earlier discussion, we’ve been carrying it at 5.4. And if you did -- U.S., so when you see it in our backlog, it’s sitting there at U.S.$5.4 and if you converted that at the current exchange rate, it’s about U.S.$6.
Jeremy Tonet: And when was that last updated?
Steve Kean: We’ve carried that same number for a while and what’s happened is just by kind of happenstances the FX rates have changed; it stayed reasonably closely in line, so we haven’t updated U.S. dollar number since the beginning of the project for our U.S. investors. But it was done at a time when the loonie and the dollar were at par.
Jeremy Tonet: Okay, not material cost or anything that’s changed much. And then just one last and as far as shipper contracts, is everything set there, is there any deadlines where things go past certain time frames that that could be changed or anything like that?
Steve Kean: No, to be clear on the earlier question, costs have changed, costs have changed and what we’re in the process of doing now, an increased and is communicating that final cost estimate to shippers which we expect to have prepared and delivered to them in early February. That’s the current thinking. And then, there is a 30-day period of shipper review where they examine the underlying cost because once that cost is set, that is the investment; that is what we earn on. So, there'll be a review process over the 30 subsequent days after we give them the final cost estimate.
Jeremy Tonet: Great, and all the shippers are fully committed; are there any kind of drop dead dates where contracts should reopen or anything like that?
Steve Kean: If the costs exceed a certain level, then there is an opportunity for customers to reconsider their position and turn their capacity back. But as I said at the beginning, there's enough interest from current shippers potentially in expanding their position as well as from other potential customers who are not currently shippers, wanting to come in that we remain very confident that capacity gets placed at the level it is today.
Jeremy Tonet: That makes a lot of sense, I would expect there to be very high demand. And then, just one last one if I could, as far as -- it seems like we're starting to see the makings of some industry consolidation out there, kind of small players can pull there in GP LP consolidation, continuing to pick up pace after you guys. I'm just wondering how you see Kinder Morgan playing in that -- within that context going forward and whether that could be an opportunity to expedite delevering if you could do an all equity deal there?
Steve Kean: We continue to look in that market, continue to look for those opportunities. We do, and implied in your question, we're looking at DCF accretion but we are also looking at leverage improvement as well. That narrows the feel frankly, that narrows the feel, but we continue to look actively in that market for opportunities.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of John Edwards from Credit Suisse. Your line is open, sir. Go ahead.
Rich Kinder: John, how are you doing?
John Edwards: Doing good, Rich, and congrats on the approvals on Trans Mountain.
Rich Kinder: Thank you. We think they're very significant.
John Edwards: Just a couple of clarifications, can you share with us or remind us how much has been spent on Trans Mountain development to-date? And then in terms of the cost overruns or if there's cost overruns, it sounds like the way things are structured with the shippers that they would in terms of what they would pay on the shipping cost, they in fact bear a portion or all or maybe if you can share if there's cost overruns how that works?
Steve Kean: So, starting with the first question, it's roughly CAD$600 million gross and so there's also, remember, we have part of our development costs are covered; it's over a 10-year period but they're covered under our what we call our firm 50 dock charges. So, years ago, we signed up shippers to give them access to firms based across our existing Westridge dock and those proceeds go toward the deferring of development costs and over the life of that, those charges is about 250, CAD$255 million. So, you have to net that off and those don't all come in the same time that we're doing development. As I said some of it can come over time but it's CAD$600 million gross. And then that’s a firm 50 off of that. On how the cost structure works, once the final cost estimate is delivered and we proceed toward project execution, there are two categories of costs. There's a set of uncapped costs, and those are costs where if there is an overrun, then that overrun would be to the projects accounts. Then there is a set of uncapped costs. And those overruns, if there are any, those overruns would be added to the investments in the project, and we would earn on those. So, it’s not just flow through, it becomes part of the investment and we earn on it. And those tend to be, as you’d expect, the most predictable elements of the build. They apply to things like steel costs, which are not going to be an issue, aboriginal consultation, ultimate accommodation -- consultation and accommodation costs and two particular parts of the build that are likely to be difficult and unpredictable when we’re forecasting it. Having said all that, what we’re delivering to shippers will be P95. So, we feel like with all the work that’s been done, we have narrowed the estimates, both on capped and uncapped costs to a very, very narrow level. And at a 95% probability, meaning a 95% probability that would come in at or under the number that we deliver. So, we think we’ve done a lot of work to make sure we have our arms around what the cost risks are there, and are taking them into account in the final cost estimates.
John Edwards: Okay. And just to help about what percentage is capped and what percent is uncapped?
Steve Kean: I don’t have that off hand; the majority is going to be capped. But I don’t have the specific percentage of the uncapped portion. But the majority -- the substantial majority of the costs will be in the capped category.
John Edwards: Okay. That’s really helpful. So, it sounds like there is some kind of a sharing on the uncapped and then the capped, that’s basically predictable costs that are locked in. So that’s the idea, correct?
Steve Kean: Well, yes, and on the uncapped, to be clear on that too, there is a possibility since these are the more unpredictable category of costs that they come in lower. And if they come in lower, the shippers get the benefit of that lower cost as well.
Rich Kinder: Just rolls into the tolls, John. If it comes in higher on the uncapped portion, the tolls increase; it comes in lower, then tolls [ph] decrease.
John Edwards: Okay. That makes sense. And then, just on the schedule, I think the last schedule you shared with this was fourth quarter 2019 or end of 2019 start-up. Is that factoring in any expected litigation, how should we think about that?
Steve Kean: We still view the project and services, the end of 2019; so, really think of 2020 is being when the revenue starts to arrive. And the schedule we’re billing takes into account what we think we’re going to encounter include the need to deal with litigation as obviously.
John Edwards: Okay, great. And then, the other thing I just wanted to touch on briefly was just every now and again, we hear these rumors flying around about the sale of the KMI E&P business. You had some discussion last year; it sounds like we hearing some rumors fly again. We’ve always thought about it that you would sell down, if it could be effectively balance sheet accretive, otherwise you wouldn’t do it. Any other comments you could share with us in that regard?
Steve Kean: We don’t comment on that kind of transaction activity. But, I can tell you what we -- the same things we talked about, I think last quarter and we’ve talked about in conferences in between which is that we like that business. We get good returns in that business. We’ve built a particular proficiency in that business in the EOR part of it, the midstream part of it, the source and transportation part of it. We integrated forward into EOR, because we’ve got a scarce resource and that is CO2 and that resources is essential to getting certain barrels of oil out of the ground and we figured out how to do it. So, we’re happy to have that business. We are a shareholder-directed Company and we entertain in any context really something that will give us the opportunity to increase shareholder value including the disposition of an asset that we own as we’ve shown through this year. But again, this is a business that we like. We don’t have to do anything with it. The considerations around it in addition to the ones that you mentioned, John, have to do with, if you did a disposition and likely it would be DCF dilutive and is the multiple uplift that you get on the remaining cash flows because the deal is more secure enough, so that the day following, your investors are better off and so that is a very important constraint as well.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Tom Abrams from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Go ahead, please.
Tom Abrams: Thanks a lot. A couple of segment questions. One is back on CO2, is the 8% decline something that is given your current spending and projects timing, is that 8% something we should assume for the next few quarters or is it something that accelerates or even declines?
Steve Kean: The way we invest in that business is not based on a decline rate or offsetting a decline rate or holding a decline rate, we’re reversing it. It’s really based on individual projects and whether the incremental oil that’s produced for that capital is going to pay us handsome enough return for us to make that investment. So, that’s the way we do it. And we don’t plan for it, can’t forecast for you a targeted decline rate or a targeted level of production. We address the project opportunities as they come forward and fund the ones that make economic sense.
Kim Dang: And that being said, we will go through the 2017 budget next week, and I think you will see in there the 2017 production is relatively flat versus 2016. And then to answer the question that was asked earlier about the CapEx for the fourth quarter on CO2, $73 million.
Tom Abrams: Thanks for that. The other question I had left was on the Natural Gas Pipeline segment, just trying to understand a lot of moving parts there. But if you took SNG out of both years or both fourth quarters, what would be the comparison?
Kim Dang: If you take SNG out of both fourth quarters?
Tom Abrams: My impression is it’s partly in 2015 but below somewhere in 2016. I just wanted to clarify the change, the rate of change there.
Steve Kean: In other words, you want a number that reflects SNG -- even though SNG wasn’t joint ventured until September of this year, what would be the number Q4 of 2015 to Q4 of 2016 if SNG were out of both quarters?
Tom Abrams: Correct. Just what the underlying is doing?
Kim Dang: The underlying business in SNG is relatively flat.
Tom Abrams: Okay. 
Kim Dang: The SNG’s underlying business, make that clear. Year-to-date, I think the sale probably hasn’t impacted on the segment. Let me make sure that’s clear, on the segment versus our plan of a little over a $100 million. Now, net to the Company, the impact is much less, because you are getting -- there is a piece of G&A that goes away, there's a piece of the sustaining capital goes away and…
Steve Kean: Interest.
Kim Dang: And you have substantial reduction in interest because we use the proceeds to pay down debt.
Operator: Next in the queue is coming from the line of Sunil Sibal from Seaport Global Securities. Your line is open. Go ahead, please.
Sunil Sibal: Most of my questions have been asked but just one clarification. When you look at Natural Gas Pipeline segment, seems like TGP and NGPL kind of had good uptick year-over-year while other segments were probably -- other pipelines were pretty flattish. Wondering if you could talk about what kind of uptick you're seeing in NGPL and the TGP pipelines in flows or cash contributions?
Steve Kean: Yes. Project driven I would think, largely, project driven on TGP. But if you think about the prospects for those systems just looking at the underlying fundamentals of the flows et cetera, TGP continues to be a system that grows in value. The return of growth in Marcellus and Utica will just drive that further. It's participating in Mexico market demand expansion, it's participating in LNG markets expansion and it's participating in the power sector, and it's had record power data I think this year time if I remember right. Same thing with SNG, very strong, NGPL is also benefiting from volumes coming in from REX -- on REX West, well that’s a Marcellus-Utica phenomenon as well and then hold on the downside from Sabine Pass on the bottom of the system from Sabine Pass and some incremental power demand and growth into Mexico. So, all three of those systems I think are doing well, have good underlying fundamentals.
Sunil Sibal: Any update on re-contracting for some of the contracts rolling off on NGPL?
Steve Kean: Contracts going off on NGPL, generally the re-contracting is done…
Rich Kinder: [Multiple Speakers] I mean some of our bigger customers who actually have long term commitments as long as 10 years, but the regular tenure on some of the more traditional LAC [ph] customers are every three years and we’re we still think that will add better rates than some instances than we’ve seen in the past. And there seems a bigger interest in the projects that we're working on NGPL as well. So, I think the prospects are very good for all the reasons that Steve just mentioned as far as the drivers.
Operator: Alright, thank you. Speakers, at this time, we don’t have any question in queue.
Rich Kinder: Okay, Thank you very much. We appreciate you all sticking with us for a pretty long call, and have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you everyone. That concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-20 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Rich Kinder - Executive Chairman Steve Kean - President & CEO Kim Dang - VP & CFO Tom Martin - President, Natural Gas Pipelines
Analysts: Kristina Kazarian - Deutsche Bank Jeremy Tonet - JPMorgan Brian Gamble - Simmons & Company Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering Jean Ann Salisbury - Bernstein Danilo Juvane - BMO Capital Markets Ted Durbin - Goldman Sachs Shneur Gershuni - UBS Darren Horowitz - Raymond James Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Becca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors Chris Sighinolfi - Jefferies Faisel Khan - Citigroup John Edwards - Credit Suisse
Operator: Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode, until the question-and-answer portion of today’s conference. [Operator Instructions] Today’s conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. Sir, you may begin.
Rich Kinder: Thank you, May and welcome to the Kinder Morgan third quarter investor call. As usual before we begin I would like to remind you that today’s earnings release and this call includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. We encourage you to read our full disclosure on forward-looking statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release, as well as review our latest filings with the SEC for a list of risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. Before I turn it over to our CEO, Steve Kean, and our CFO, Kim Dang let me make a couple of brief comments one more industry wide in nature and the other specific to KMI. Let’s start with the industry wise thought. We continue to be bullish on the prospects for North American Energy especially natural gas. And as the largest midstream management company in North America, we believe we are well positioned in our existing businesses and with our backlog growth projects. Fossil fuels, and especially natural gas which has now surpassed coal as the primary fuel source for prior generation in the U.S. are going to be needed for a long long time. I would add that natural gas is a key in reducing CO2 emissions in America. For example, despite a substantial increase in electric generation over the levels of 1993 the CO2 emissions from electric generation in 2015 were flat for those in 1993 largely as a result of the increased use of natural gas to generate that electricity. So natural gas is playing a major role in reducing emissions. But there have been recent controversies as you all know surrounding new pipeline projects and I would like to offer my perspective. First, to the extent it becomes difficult to build new infrastructure that tends to make existing pipeline networks more valuable and we obviously have a tremendous existing network. Second, while the protestors tend to get the headlines, it is still possible to build out new infrastructure. This quarter for example, we completed an expansion on our Texas Gas pipeline network. Third, and maybe most importantly I think is to distinguish the permitting environment, both geographically and jurisdictionally. There is a big difference for example between state permitted projects where eminent domain is a function of state law and the federally certificated natural gas project. Ultimately we realize that the environment is changing and we are adapting by building those changing circumstances into how we budget and plan our projects. Now to the comment specific to Kinder Morgan. During the third quarter, we substantially reduced our debt and this positions us for long term value creation. We are now ahead of our plan for 2016 year end leverage and as the Chairman and largest shareholder of the company I am very pleased with the progress we are making towards achieving our target leverage level of around five times net debt to adjusted EBITDA. This will put us in a position to deliver substantial value to our shareholders through dividend increases, share repurchases, attractive growth projects or further debt reduction. Now because we get so many questions regarding these alternatives, let me expand a bit on this subject. Our current view leans towards increasing the dividend substantially while maintaining both greater coverage than in the past and a stronger balance sheet. That said, we’ll obviously make the best economic decision at the time we reach that point and we can’t give you exact timing on when we will reach our target because there are numerous factors involved. But as I said, the message today is we are pleased with the progress to date. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Steve.
Steve Kean: Good day, thanks Rich. So I’ll update on capital projects and counterparty credit and then hit on some segment highlights and trends. On the capital update, two of our larger projects first on Trans Mountain, on that expansion we’ll start with the fundamentals. We consistently hear from producers in Canada and some refiners in the Northwest U.S. that they are counting on this project to get build. Production is expected to continue growing even though it’s at a slower rate on the oil sands and take away capacity projects continue to lag the demand. Oil prices have hurt the oil sands no question, but from the perspective of our expansion the supply and demand fundamentals for new takeaway capacity are good. We are nearing the end of the federal review process right now. We have our NEB recommendation finding the project to be in the public interest and the federal government has undertaken its further consultation process with the objective of a final decision in December of this year. We’ve made great progress with communities along the route, and have agreements with the majority of the most directly affected First Nations bands. We are actively engaged with the BC government on the satisfaction of their five conditions. Finally I’ll note that we do believe that this project would make a very good candidate for brining in other investors through a joint venture or other structure. It is an attractive project economically and there is substantial interest in it. We believe that the project needs to ripen through the view processes that are nearing a conclusion now they following those reviews assuming the outcomes are favorable or if the outcomes are favorable we would look to syndicate this investment. We’ve got a lot of options here including self funding so we are not committing to any one approach but we do think it’s worth exploring the options at the right time. On Elba we have our 7C certificate from FERC, we got that in June but the news is that we have received now our first significant notices to proceed from FERC just this week and as the authorization follows the 7C that takes our implementation plan, it gives us permission to go forward with this structure. So we and Shell our customers are prepared for us to begin construction starting the first of November. With respect to the rest of our projects, we have been docking for several quarters now about high grading the backlog that’s making sure that we are attending to our balance sheet and also ensuring that we grow value through investments at attractive returns that we can fund out of the cash flow that we generate that is without needing to access the capital markets. This quarter our backlog stands at $13 billion that’s down from $13.5 billion last quarter. We believe it’s an attractive slate of projects projected 6.5 times CapEx to EBITDA multiple, 87% of the backlog is for fee-based projects in our pipelines and terminals businesses. The changes from that 13.5 to the 13, we put $600 million worth of projects into service during the quarter including bringing on intrastate Texas gas crossover project that’s in support of LNG and Mexico market. Taking delivery of two Jones Act vessels which are under charter, completing two smaller liquids terminal expansions and we completed the phase 1 of our Tall Cotton enhanced oil recovery project. So $600 million went into service. We added a little over $200 million of projects in the quarter. A $130 million of that in gas and $75 million in CO2 where we continue to see good returns even in current prices. If you look at the year-to-date numbers we’ve added a little under $600 million dollars about $575 million in new projects, now that’s been - the backlog has been coming down, so that’s been more than -- those editions have been more than offset by projects that’s going into service and project cancellations earlier in the year. But overall I think what this shows you is we’ve been successful in doing what we set out to do. We have high graded the backlog to strengthen our balance sheet and enable the funding of our growth projects without needing to access capital markets while continuing to add projects where we find them at attractive returns. Now turning to customer credit. We have a broad diverse customer base with overall very good credit quality. We continue our extreme focus throughout our commercial and corporate organizations, active monitoring calling for collateral etcetera and we’ve seen some stabilization in counter party credit as our producer customers have been actively addressing their issues over the last few quarters. So in the past quarter, we were not impacted by any customer defaults. We had one customer file for bankruptcy and the reorganized entity continued to now track with us, so no impact from customer defaults in the third quarter. So now turning to the segment for some highlight and trends there, starting with the GAAP measures. GAAP segment earnings were down $211 million for the quarter compared to the third quarter of 2015 primarily due to higher impairments in this quarter compared to the same quarter last year, those were primarily comprised of $350 million dollar non-cash impairment on our MEP investment driven by the expectation of future lower contract rates and approximately $84 million loss associated with partial sale of S&G. If you look at segment earnings before DD&A and certain items which is how we measure our performance we are down $33 million or 2% quarter-to-quarter. CO2 is down $53 million year-over-year due to lower prices $62 barrel realized versus $74 in the third quarter of last year and lower production. Nevertheless we expect CO2 to make plan due to some price improvement versus our plan price and good performance on cost savings for that segment. Compared to the same quarter last year, gas is down 2%, while terminals and products up 22% and 7% respectively, overall we think again that the quarter’s performance demonstrates the resiliency of our cash flows even in difficult commodity price environments. Focusing on some of the broad trends affecting our business first in natural gas, we’re seeing the demand side developments that we anticipated. On our systems specifically we are benefitting from increased demand for gas in the power sector, increased exports to Mexico and now for the first time increases due to LNG exports. On Kinder Morgan pipelines, power driven gas demand was up 9% 3Q to 3Q from 6.5 Bcf last year to 7 Bcf this quarter. On a macro basis, [gases] now we are taking coal as Rich mentioned as a fuel source for power generation. Mexico export demand on our pipelines grew by 6% year-over-year for the quarter and is up 15% on the comparable year-to-date number. We reached an average volume of 2.8 Bcf a day for the quarter about 75% of total exports to Mexico. We are in the early days of LNG export driven demand but even with the Sabine pass outage in the last two weeks of the quarter, we experienced about 350 a day of LNG demand on our systems and much more to come there [Indiscernible]. Most of our $4 billion of backlog projects in the gas sector are directed at those three market trends plus one more and that is the reversal projects on our TGP systems to more of Marcellus and Utica gas to the south. Natural gas which is by far our largest sector is kind of an [80:20 story] with approximately 80% of the budget segment earnings before DD&A attributable to transportation and storage which benefits from the trends I just discussed and the other 20% in gathering and processing. Our gathered volumes are down 17% to 18% year-over-year as a result of declines in the Eagle Ford, Oklahoma, and the Bakken. Our Bakken Midstream financial performance is up year-over-year and up versus plan primarily due to contract restructuring earlier in the year and overall this business outside of the take or pay commitments that we have is dependent on the recovery in those phases as gas demand grows and oil prices and therefore drilling recovers. We continue to believe that the need for natural gas transportation storage capacity will grow as demand trends that I talked about continue and in the longer term the gathering volume flatten and turn up when we ultimately see recovery in the gas supply basis that we serve. In products pipelines we are getting the benefit year-over-year of higher volumes. Refined products volumes are up 3% quarter-to-quarter, year-over-year and well above the growth in the EIA national numbers. Our crude and condensate volumes are up 6% year-over-year, our NGL volumes are down 1% primarily due to a petrochemical plant turn around by one of our customers. In terminals we are seeing the benefit of new liquids capacity coming online and increased utilization of that expanded capacity, so more capacity on line and higher overall utilization. We also took delivery of two additional Jones Act vessels which are under contract. Overall the liquids portion of our terminals business is over 75% of the segment earnings before DD&A, before certain items and the increased utilization we are seeing and the expansions we are bringing on are positives for that long term outlook. With respect to the Jones Act vessels, we see medium term market weakness there. We benefit from having charters in place with a vast majority of our vessels. And we have a modern fuel efficient fleet that should be very competitive but we expect some over capacity in the market for the medium term which will affect new charter rates and renewal rates till the overall U.S. fleet is right sized from the capacity standpoint. At the bulk side we are down slightly year-over-year primarily again attributable to the coal business. In CO2 we have lower volumes year-over-year for the quarter, down 5% with SACROC and Yates down year-over-year. Katz, Goldsmith, and Tall Cotton up year-over-year but below our plan. We also had strong NGL production of the segment a record quarter impact which is slightly higher than last year. And we also approved some new EOR development projects during the quarter and continue to find attractive return projects in this segment. And with that I’ll turn it over to Kim for the financials.
Kim Dang: Okay, thanks, Steve. Today we are declaring a dividend of $0.125 per share consistent with our budget and the guidance we gave here in December of last year. First, turning to the preliminary GAAP income statement, you will see that similar to the first two quarters of this year revenues in the quarter are down significantly as I say many quarters we believe that revenue or the changes in revenues are not necessarily a good indicator of our performance. We have some businesses where revenues and expenses fluctuate with commodity prices, but margin generally does not which is why you also see a partially offsetting variance in cost of sales. In addition, both revenues and cost of sales can be impacted by non-cash and sporadic accounting entries for certain items, the largest impact of the certain items on changes and revenues and cost of sales relates to the unrealized CO2 mark-to-market and hedge and effectiveness impact on our change in revenues which accounts for almost 40% of the $377 million change in revenues in the quarter. We had a net loss in the quarter of $227 million and a loss per share of $0.10 versus income of $186 million and earnings per share of $0.08 in the third quarter of last year, a reduction of $413 million and $0.18 a share. Now, let me talk about what’s driving that loss. We recorded a $230 million non-cash after tax and that’s why that number is a little different from what Steve said, because this is after tax impairment on our MEP investment driven by expectations of lower future transportation contract rates and approximately a $350 million after tax loss associated with the SNG transaction most of which is non-cash book tax expense. For those of you who are interested and how we can have such a large book tax expense on a relatively modest book loss when you had ordinarily expect a book tax benefit, I would be happy to explain later that I’m not going to bore everybody with all the details at this point. Together these two charges result in a net expense of $580 million and are the primary drivers of our $570 million and certain items for the quarter, so net income before certain items was a positive $343 million. The adjusted number in 2015 of was $345 million or down $2 million essentially flat. EPS excluding certain items was $0.15 or down $0.01 versus the third quarter of 2015. So essentially flat when excluding certain items. Now let’s turn to the second page of the financials, which shows our DCF for the quarter and year-to-date, and is reconciled to our GAAP numbers and the earnings release. DCF is the primary financial measure on which management judges its performance. We generated total DCF for the quarter of $1.05 billion versus $1.095 billion for the comparable period in 2015, down $48 million or 4%. There are a lot of moving parts, but if you want a very simple explanation it boils down to CO2 being down $53 million primarily on lower commodity prices. But to take you through a more granular analysis, the segments were down by $33 million or 2%. And as our previously mentioned CO2 decreased $53 million and natural gas decreased about $18 million which offset those two segments were offset by increases in all of our other segments, with the largest dollar increase from the other segments coming from our terminal segments. The natural gas segment would have been slightly positive if you exclude the impact of the SNG sale which we sold a 50% interest in -- on September 1st of this year. Adding back an $11 million change in JV DD&A, which primary reflects our increased interest in GPL that we acquired in the fourth quarter of 2015 and we add that back to the segments, the segments down $33 million. The assets are really down about $22 million. This $22 million decrease was partially offset by $12 million benefit i.e. lower expense when you combine G&A and interest expense. $19 million in increased cash taxes which is primarily driven by the fact that Citrus fully utilizes NOLs in 2015 is largely offset by an $18 million decrease in sustaining CapEx a lot of which is cost savings. Netting up the $39million increase in preferred stock dividends gets to a DCF variance of $50 million versus the $48 million shown on the page. DCF per share was $0.48 in the quarter versus $0.51 for the third quarter of last year or down $0.03 per share with about $0.02 associated with the DCF variance I just walked you through and about $0.01 due to the additional shares that were issued during 2015 to finance our growth projects to maintain our balance sheet. $0.48 in DCF per share results in $801 million in excess distributable cash flow above our $0.125 dividend for the quarter. And year-to-date we have generated approximately $2.5 billion of excess distributable cash flow above our dividend. Now let me give you some details on our expected performance for the full year versus budget. Natural gas pipelines is expected to be approximately 5% below its budget due to the SNG transaction, lower volumes in our midstream group, and a delay on our EEC SNG pipeline expansion and service as a result of a delay in receiving our FERC certificate. If you exclude the impact of a sale of the 50% interest in SNG we would have expected natural gas to be about 2% below its budget. So on an apples-to-apples basis, the 2% is consistent with what we told you last quarter for the natural gas pipeline segment. CO2 is expected to end the year on its budget consistent with the guidance we gave you last quarter. Some price help and cost savings are offsetting the lower than expected oil and CO2 volumes. We currently expect terminals to end the year about 5% below its budget, that’s a slightly more than the 4% we discussed last quarter. The overall variance is due to the impact of the coal bankruptcies and lower throughput and ancillaries on some of our liquids terminals versus what we budgeted. Actually throughput on our liquids terminals year-to-year when you compare it to 2015 is actually it’s just slightly lower than what we expected in our budget. We currently expect products to end the year approximately 5% below its budget consistent with the guidance we gave you last quarter, primarily due to lower crude and condensate volumes on KMCC, Double H and Double Eagle, lower throughput on KMST, and lower rates on our SFP pipeline and as a result of the loss income due to the sale of Parkway. Consistent with last quarter, we are projecting KMC to be essentially on its budget. With respect to other items interest, cash taxes, G&A and sustaining on a combined basis for those items we are expecting to come in lower than budget or said in other way they are expected to be a favorable variance, primarily as a result of lower interest in sustaining CapEx. Interest is expected to be approximately 4% below its budget; about half of this variance or over half of this variance is associated with the lower balance as a result of the SNG transaction with the remaining variance driven primarily by lower rates. Sustaining CapEx is also expected to be approximately 4% lower than budget. Let me conclude with two overall financial points. On an apples-to-apples basis, our full year guidance has not changed from the updated guidance we gave you last quarter when you excluded the impact from the 50% sale of SNG. We continue to expect that adjusted EBTIDA will be about 3% below budget and DCF will be approximately 4% below budget. When you adjust for the four month impact of the 50% SNG sale, though not on an apples-to-apples basis with what we gave you last quarter, we expect EBITDA to be approximately 4% below budget, but DCF will also be approximately 4% below budget. DCF doesn’t change versus SNG transaction, versus no SNG transaction given the interest rate savings and 4% doesn't change given the interest rate savings offset from the impact to the lost SNG EBITDA as we use all the proceeds from this transaction to reduce debt. And the second point is that we expect in the year a 5.3 times debt to EBITDA which is also consistent with what we told you in the second quarter call. The 5.3 is down from our budget guidance of 5.5 times largely as a result of the SNG transaction. With that, I'll move to the balance sheet. When you look at total assets on the balance sheet, total assets are down $2.5 billion and that's largely driven by the sale of the 50% interest in SNG. We ended the quarter with net debt of $39.25 billion which is down $1.976 from the end of last year and down $2.073 billion from the second quarter. We ended the quarter at 5.3 times debt to EBITDA and as I said that's where we would expect to in the year. And the 5.3 times is down from the 5.6 times where we ended last year. Now to reconcile the change in debt for you for the quarter as I said, debt is down $2.073 billion, we've generated DCF of $1.08 billion. We spend about $550 million in expansion CapEx acquisitions and contributions to equity investments. We paid $280 million in dividends. We have proceeds from divestitures of about $1.43 billion with the biggest being the SNG transaction. We also deconsolidated about $1.2 billion in debt as a result of the SNG transaction. And we also took $8.3 million of the cash that we received from that transaction and it is sitting in restricted cash, so in other current assets on our balance sheet. And we use that to pay debt on October 1st, so that debt was not [paid down as of 9/30], but has subsequently been paid down. And then we had $9 million of working capital and other items that was a use of cash. Year to-date the change in debt $1.976 billion, so we've reduced debt by just under $2 billion. We've generated DCF of $3.36 billion. We had expansions, acquisitions and contributions to equity investments of $2.43 billion. We paid dividends of $839 million. We had proceeds from divestitures of $1.65 billion. We deconsolidated $1.2 billion of SNG debt. We placed $800 million again into Escrow which is shown on restricted cash or other current assets on our balance sheet. Again the paid down, we use to pay down debt on October the 1st, and then we had working capital and other items that was use of cash of about $168 million. And that gets you to the $1.976 billion reduction in debt. So with that, I'll turn it back over to Rich.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Kim. And with that May, we will open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer portion. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Kristina Kazarian from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Kristina Kazarian: Afternoon, guys. Steve appreciated the projects updates. A couple of quick clarifications; on Utopia any color on the judges denial of your use of eminent domain and maybe could you talk about what this means for that projects? And then on Elba, appreciate the November 1st date, but can you just remind me. Am I still going through that hearing process and what does that mean for that project going forward?
Steve Kean: Okay. I'll start with Utopia. We had Wood County judge who interpreting the eminent domain statute, interpreted that our pipeline didn't qualify for eminent domain. We're feeling that in fact we file the appeal last week, it’s been consistent with other decisions including appellate decisions that have been made in the state, so we think we'll ultimately going to prevail on appeal there. There maybe some other decisions that come out of Wood County they will be consistent with that, but we expect to ultimately to prevail on appeal. Now we are going to - we are in the process of evaluating what that means. We're two-thirds of the way through acquiring right way already separate apart from what happened with that decision. So, now this is fairly recent news and so we're sitting down and strategizing about how to go forward with the acquisition of the remaining right-of-way what are legal strategy is going to be et cetera, but that what that decision about, that's where we are in the project in terms of acquiring right-of-way what we plan to do in term of what we've already done in term of appeal. On the Elba projects, yes, we have - we've reach agreement with Shell to proceed without the rehearing having been finalized. So, we're ready to go. Our customers ready to go, we're ready to go, we have our 7C already as I mentioned. We have the notice to proceed which gives us the authority to go forward with construction even without a final order of the hearing. So we are proceeding and starting up November 1.
Kristina Kazarian: Perfect. Thanks. And then just a quick follow-up from me too, Rich mentioned the change in regulatory headwinds. Do you think there is a possibility for a change intact to the positive here, what could be a driver for that? And if we don't make a change what could be some other ways you adjust when thinking about new projects going forward?
Kim Dang: I'll start with the latter part first, and Rich mentioned this on the adjustments. What we need to do is and we been doing for months now is evaluating our project opportunities and having discussions with our customers that attempt to price and schedule into our projects, what is no doubt an enhanced regulatory burden for getting those projects through the permitting and approval process. So we have to make the appropriate adjustments. In terms of what can turn that around. Again, this varies from place to place. I mean we built our Texas pipeline over the summer effectively and you have to go kind of place by place and kind of commodity by commodity to just sort this out, but the bottom is if you need to fully take into account, we need to fully take into account the additional length and requirements that will be placed on the permitting process. So, it’s not that the whole world need to change, this is a kind of a case by case consideration that you need to make. The other thing that can change the whole dynamic is I think increasingly people will realize those who can already, it’s been a big part of the answer to reduce CO2 emissions and cleaner power generation and compliance with the clean power plant and things like that is enhanced, is additional natural gas and you don't get the additional natural gas without the additional gas infrastructure. So I think that's a driver that could potentially change some of that dynamic.
Kristina Kazarian: Sounds great. And Kim thanks for the walk as well.
Kim Dang: Welcome.
Operator: Next question is from Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Steve Kean: Hi, Jeremy.
Operator: Kindly check you mute function Mr. Tonet. We'll move to next question and that is from Ms. Christine Cho from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Christine Cho: Hi, everyone. I wanted to touch upon Elba. Regarding the rehearing how should we think about expectations for this asset to be put into a JV, do you want the final FERC order or even talks with parties and just waiting for that. Or have talks sort of curb now just because it's not as urgent with, but which coming in better than your target for year end?
Steve Kean: Yes. Christine, we've talked and we put Elba in as a placeholder kind of where we showed everyone our capital expenditure plans and everything at the beginning of the year. Placeholder as JV we don't have the JV Elba. I think it is a very amendable to a joint venture. It is a standalone asset investment at least when it comes to liquefaction facilities and it's attractive. It's under a 20 years contract for Shell. We've got the ability to sell fund that or JV it, but it is an attractive JV candidate, but again we're not in a position where we have to do anything and particular with it. But we continue to explore option to JV assets and that's one of the big variables and sort of what our plans are and how quickly we get to where we want to go and Elba is certainly on the list of things that we can consider. I don't think the rehearing really bears on it that much one way or the other. I mean I think in the context of FERC 7C it is often, it's traditional for you get the 7C and you start construction when you get the notice to proceed without waiting for the rehearing. In this case I would say, we've got an extremely tight, extremely well reason, extremely thorough 7C. They took extra time to get it out and so we think it's going to withstand any rehearing or appeal and so we're going to go ahead and get started.
Christine Cho: Okay, great. That was helpful. And then moving over to Trans Mountain I know we've got a couple of months before we hear from the Canadian government on this project. And I know earlier in the remarks you said you're open to JVs, but how do you guys think about project financing this project? Or what terms that usually come with project financing immediately rule that out, and by terms I mean anything that would restrict how cash you could pay out from the asset. Just curious as to how you think about that option?
Kim Dang: Well, I think we'll figure out what the structure is going to be first in terms of is it going to be a JV candidate, is it not going be the JV candidate and what's the timing of it going forward and then we'll figure out what the exact financing plan would be. But I wouldn't anticipate that we would put in structures that would make it difficult for us to get the cash out of the asset.
Christine Cho: And would you say you would being towards having the assets kind of the off balance sheet or that's kind of [Indiscernible]?
Kim Dang: If you're asking -- I think that the way -- we would look at it both ways. Having the leverage on our balance sheet and not having on our balance sheet just to make sure that we are in an okay place even if the leverage was on our balance sheet.
Christine Cho: Okay, great. And then last one from me. Over the third quarter we saw a big M&A announcement between two of your peers and then talks of another buyer trying to pick the interest of another company. I'm just curious as to what your view on the landscape is for M&A in the U.S and in Canada? And do you think we're finally going to see corporate M&A deals get done with everyone trying to fill in the holes of their portfolio and it also being increasingly more difficult to build new infrastructure like you said earlier Rich, or do you think it’s just more fact specific?
Steve Kean: I think it’s always pretty fact specific or situation specific. We continue to look for the opportunities, but in addition to being accretive to DCF they kind of need to be accretive to leverage metrics, they still have to work for that standpoint. So, it’s a little more difficult to get through the screens, but I think ultimately there's going to be consolidation in this sector. If you look at the numbers and you look at how many players are out there and we would expect ultimately to be a participant in that.
Christine Cho: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Mr. Brian Gamble from Simmons & Company. Your line is now open.
Rich Kinder: Good afternoon, Brian.
Brian Gamble: Good afternoon Rich. How you're doing?
Rich Kinder: Good.
Brian Gamble: Kind of maybe just follow-up on the M&A discussion while we've got it, I think is a tough one to get through, lots of moving pieces with any combination that may try to put together, but when you think about individual assets. And Steve you mentioned essentially the deleveraging events, given the assets that you guys have in place today. Are there assets that if they were deleveraging events in totality you would consider divesting them, and of course I'm speaking specifically about CO2, but it’s getting something north of the deleverage multiple enough to make an asset that didn't quite score to your competencies, sellable items?
Steve Kean: There are unique considerations that surround everyone. As we've shown making progress this year on our leverage metrics, we've considered non-core asset sales. We had a few of those and the big transaction of course with SNG and that was the bit unique circumstances, we're not generally in the business of selling cash flow in pipeline asset. But in that particular case we had partner who is bring value, securing the assets, but also bringing incremental investment opportunities to project, so made a lot of sense for us to ahead and do that. With respect to CO2 specifically we like that business. It’s a good business. We invest and get good returns on that business. It’s a niche for us. We're not out chasing E&P and Shell and offshore and things like that. We have CO2 which is a scares commodity and we have the infrastructure to get it delivered to EOR fields where it’s the only thing that can free up oil. And we've integrated forward into enhance all recovery and we've got expertise there. We think we're good at it. So we like that business and we're happy to keep running it. If you think about new question in terms of transaction or potential transaction, we are shareholder directed company and if there is a transaction to be done that will improve overall value for our shareholders, we are absolutely going to considered and do it if it make sense. The considerations around CO2 specifically is that it would probably slightly dilutive or somewhat dilutive. And then the question would have to be is the multiple expansion that you get on the remaining EBITDA of the remaining business and yield contraction on DCF that you get by having a better portfolio or a more stable portfolio of remaining businesses enough to offset that introduce real shareholder value. And certainly there are theoretical numbers at which that would work. And so again we're shareholder directed company. We're going to do the things that are going to make sense and create value for our shareholders.
Brian Gamble: On the shareholder comment do you think there's enough shareholder support of the sale of that assets that make it a more, I guess, make the hurdle easier to jump over knowing that shareholder support that type of decision?
Steve Kean: I think it's about the numbers for us, and it’s about what's going to make economic sense. As I said, what would the dilution be and what would our multiple increase need to be more than offset that, so at the other side of it a shareholder is better off. That's the calculation we make.
Brian Gamble: Great. And then last question from me. Rich you mentioned for the opening remarks I think first priority for increased cash flow would be after of course you get to your debt metric. I think you put a significant increase in the dividend over time. Clarify one thing for me, are we getting the five times before contemplating that or we having visibility to get the five times before that is contemplation?
Rich Kinder: I think we've always said, we wanted to get to around five times before we increase the dividend and that's still our target. But again I think it's important that we've got so many questions about this. We elected to layout a little bit detail on and our game plan again we would reserve the right to see what the facts on the ground or when we get to that point, but our game plan would be we obviously have a lot of fire power, lot of free cash flow and to the extent we can substantially increase the dividend while still [maintaining an average] coverage ratio and by that I would mean that we would be able to fund the equity portion of our going rate of capital expenditures, we don't know exactly what that is, but we look back and you take out the things going through book constrictor like Trans Mountain for example. You are kind of in that, I don't know, two, two and a half, 3 billion in that range and if you say once our balance sheet is where we want and we're going to finance half of that out of retaining cash and half of that back in the debt market at that point in time than you can get, you can see your way clear to having a very nice dividend but with very nice coverage and maintaining a strong balance and that's really the prime factor that we're looking for and I think, I mean, just look at this year and I think Kim emphasize this year, we're right consistent ebbs on the SNG transaction where we told you in April and where we told you in July was going to be and at least the DCF of about $2 per share for this year and we're paying out $0.50 dividend and that's well spread between the two. But at some point when we get this balance sheet the way we want it, we're going to be able to take that dividend up substantially and still have adequate coverage. We're not going back to having $0.05 of coverage or something like that, because we like to cover our portion, the equity portion of the normalized CapEx program.
Brian Gamble: Appreciate the color, Rich.
Operator: Our next is from Brandon Blossman from Tudor, Pickering. Your line is now open.
Rich Kinder: Hello, Brandon.
Brandon Blossman: Good afternoon everyone. I guess let's start with Trans Mountain again. Steve you are pretty clear or I would say, very clear on your messaging around JV potential for Trans Mountain. I guess one question is, has anything changed quarter over quarter that cause you to be clearer about that messaging, was it counterparty interest or has this been kind of the plan all along?
Steve Kean: Well, I think it’s - we talked about it and answer to a question I think on the last call, so it’s consistent within to that point, but we're getting closer now to some - to decision point and resolution and yes, there's been interest in the project if you would expect, and so it just a kind of a as I said a little bit of ripening here from -- ripening in the process and our thinking there's a little ripening left to go in terms of getting some of these, getting the clarity on the regulatory fund which again appears to be getting closer.
Brandon Blossman: Okay. Probably as expected the project screens are - almost screens for a JV partner here. As you think about in kind of prioritize or rank potential partners and project promotes back that accrue back to your part of the development, and this is a big open question, but how do you think through that process in terms of what you like to see in terms of getting paid for your development work here in terms of reducing your capital requirements in 2017, 2018, and early 2019 and being able to kind of return to getting cash back to shareholders. How do you balance all those pieces with that equation conceptually?
Steve Kean: Those are all three benefits, right, and agree with those, but we're really not for closing, we've got a lot of options in addition to having a good interest and we got a lot of options on how to proceed and a fair amount of work to do to figure out what the best option is, so we're keeping those options open and not really ready to refine that any further for you right now.
Brandon Blossman: Okay. Fair enough. But probably just noting the potential there and the opportunity that create more value near term rather than longer term. Okay, I'll leave that one to rest. Another broad question, surprises about 12 months ago from the rating agencies, how was those conversations kind of evolved over the last 12 months in terms of just level of comfort on the other side of the table as you continue to have those conversations with the rating agencies.
Kim Dang: I mean, if you think about where we were 12 months ago, where we are today. 12 months ago we were at 5.6 times debt to EBITDA and we had - we were paying out substantially all of our cash flow in the form of dividends. Today we're at 5.3 times and we are paying out a very small portion of our cash flow in terms of dividends and so I think we are in very good shape in our current rating.
Brandon Blossman: Okay, Understood. Thank you, Kim. And then last question from me. The MEP writedown, what triggers that process or that consideration?
Kim Dang: Yes. We just had some interest from various shippers and potentially working at contracts, when contracts on MEP have expired or will expire, and based on those conversations we felt like that the rates that we might get when the contracts expire, don't support the current that we have - we have that asset.
Brandon Blossman: All right, great. Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Next question is from Jean Ann Salisbury from Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Good evening. Just a couple of quick ones from me, so we've had nice run in crude price recently and services costs have come down a lot this year. At this new lower service cost can you give a range of oil price at which you would be able to book new crude reserve at a level that approximates replacing production and I assume that numbers actually gotten much better from last year?
Steve Kean: [Jesse], do you want to add.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, I think we add these projects throughout the year, so as price has improved, I would say, we're adding reserves today.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay. Do you have a sense of if you would actually replace 100% of your production this year, what prices would have to be or even at range?
Kim Dang: Yes. I mean, we don't look at it that way. The way we look at it is look at a discrete project by project and we look after returns on the project that this year two groups bring forward, and if those returns clear our hurdle and the minimum amount of that hurdle is 15% unlevered after tax right now and if they clear that hurdle then we generally proceed with it and if they don't clear that hurdle at a minimum than generally we are not pursuing those projects.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay. Understand. Thank you. And then my second question, exports to Mexico as you guys have noted have grown massively 3.3 Bcfd, I believe that you mentioned that the majority of that moves on Kinder Morgan pipeline. There are punch of new Mexico export pipes I think 3 Bcfd coming on in the first half of next year. Will that have a material impact on your fiscal flow of the segment EBITDA?
Steve Kean: I think that a given where our assets are positioned overall growth in Mexico export volumes are going to benefit us even if other people are building pipelines, an example of that would be NET pipeline that were in the service two years ago or so. And we deliver a substantial amount of gas into that pipeline and the reason for that is we have the infrastructure in Texas. We have the infrastructure on EPNG from West Texas through Arizona, so it’s part of a larger grid and our piece of that grid is well positioned to benefit from the polling into Mexico that's happening increasing volumes over the year. So even if it’s not us constructing in country place which we haven't gotten comfortable with from a risk rewards standpoint, the increase in demand and hooking it up, increasingly to U.S. supply sources is going to benefit our system overall, transport as well as storage and on the intrastate side sales.
Rich Kinder: And I think this sounds like a broken record, but we said it time and time again, this is one more demonstration of the strength that is inherent and having the kind of pipeline network on the natural gas side that we have which expand our producing arise and that interact connects with virtually every other pipeline system in America and that's going to pay dividends for many years to come.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Thanks. That's very helpful. And then, lastly are we close contracts minimum on gas gathering, so another thing is Eagle ford production continues to decline, there actually won't be much impact on Kinder Morgan?
Steve Kean: Yes. We've got roughly -- I don't think I can answer that question exactly. We get 30% of what we call our gathering and processing that's under take-or-pay contracts, but without looking at a kind of contract by contract I couldn't tell you whether - short answer is, we're not if those continued decline than we're not at the bottom, there would be a continued decline in our revenues, but we do have [some war] in our revenue because we got this 30% of the contracts are take-or-pay.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay, great. Thanks. That's it from me.
Operator: Next question is from Danilo Juvane from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Danilo Juvane: Thank you. Most of my questions have been hit. I did have one very quick follow-up on the Eagle Ford's volume - gathering volumes in general. You mentioned last quarter that you signed some incentive agreements that hopefully would have gotten some volumes in your system, was that suppose to be imminent here, was that something they expect to sort of be reflected in your volumes over time?
Steve Kean: Yes. We have successfully increased our market share from where we were sitting in the first and second quarters and those incentive contracts were a big part of that. And so we have if you will restore the market share that we had at the end of 2015 back to where we were, but we're still in the Eagle Ford, it’s a market share of a declining overall base, and so the decline is [still calm], but I think that the program that Tom and his team initiated was successful in taking our market share backup.
Danilo Juvane: Got you. And with respect to the issues that you had with the MEP, are you seeing anything similar for other pipelines within your system?
Steve Kean: We have other pipes that are kind of what you call bases pipeline, FEP is another example and so pipes that are kind of point to point that had long term contracts that under wrote them when there were expanded as those contract roll off and bases has come in that would present the same kind of phenomenon.
Danilo Juvane: Do you guys have sort of magnitude of what the revenue impact or EBITDA impact would be going forward here?
Kim Dang: Well the FEP is not revenue issue in terms of what's the shippers are paying us, because those are take-or-pay contracts and I think the contracts go through 2019 or 2020 on FEP, I think it would just be as we figure out where we think exactly the market is whether you had a non-cash impairment on those assets. So the customers are still paying in fact the largest customer on FEP is South Western, I think they've actually put a rigor to back into the pay a bill and their credit situation I think has improved dramatically over the last few months.
Danilo Juvane: Thanks for the color. Last question from me is the CO2 CapEx still trending at about $50 million or so quarterly?
Rich Kinder: Yes, we had - it’s up a little bit from where we were, I think we were at about 210 million for the year, we're now about 249, 250, yes, 250.
Danilo Juvane: Okay. Thank you. That's it from me.
Operator: Next question is from Ted Durbin from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Rich Kinder: Hi, Ted. How you're doing?
Ted Durbin: Doing well. Thanks, Rich. Coming back to Trans Mountain here, so maybe you can give us a little bit of preview on this ministerial penals report, I think it’s due November 1st and kind of how that will impact the December decision and then also an update on the BC process meeting the five conditions and particular I think revenue showing one of the big ones there?
Rich Kinder: Yes. So there were couple of if you will additional federal processes, one was federal consultation process where the federal government was directly out consulting with first nations and communities. The one that you were specifically referring to was there was a three - a panel of three people appointed to go out and hear from the community, up and down the right-of-way and gather data or gather perspectives that hadn't been picked up in the NED proceeding. That process is wrapped up in terms of the hearing and as you pointed out there is a report that's due. It’s a report that is cataloguing at least as I understand it, everything that the group of three heard while they were talking to people and the communities along the rights-of-way. The federal - so those things feed into the federal decision, the order in council that comes out of the federal government which is still schedule for December 20th. So I don't know if anything Ted that inconsistent with the December 20th, certainly nothing that associated with those two processes. We still expect to see on or before December 20th, final order in council.
Ted Durbin: And then my other part of my question, that is a long one on the British Columbia process meeting the five conditions in their revenue sharing?
Steve Kean: We have been engaged with British Columbia on the five conditions. I think it's been constructive and productive engagement. We don't have anything final there. The other process that is going on in British Columbia is the EA order that they are going to issue around the same time as the federal decision. And at least in our thinking we are assuming that is in January - that that is not going to be in December, that that is going to be in January. And so I think what we are aiming for is to have the British Colombia conditions as well as that environmental order resolved and complete early next year.
Ted Durbin: Okay, great. And then I know you have been back and forth with the contractors, just any updates on the cost side and overall so the project return is still inline what you had originally budgeted?
Steve Kean: Project returns are still inline. We are still working on the costs with the contractors. We have made very good progress I would say, but we are not final yet and we are still a complicated project. There is still work to be done there but I think we have made good progress.
Ted Durbin: Okay. I will leave it at that. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Shneur Gershuni from UBS. Your line is open.
Shneur Gershuni: Good afternoon guys.
Steve Kean: Hi Shneur.
Shneur Gershuni: I just wanted to confirm your response to one of the earlier questions, I think it was Brian’s question about retain distributable cash flow, I just want to make sure I understood it correctly, let us say you are at a run rate of just using random numbers here $4.5 million in distributable cash flow, and I think if I heard you correctly you talked about potentially holding back about $2 billion of that retained DCF to fund the equity portion of kind of normalized growth CapEx budget?
Steve Kean :
. : So it is not the whole thing because once we get to the level - the appropriate level of debt we would intend to go back to financing half equity, half debt, but the difference is we would not put - we would not contemplate putting out new equity. We would be using retained cash flow from operations to fund the “equity” portion of that. Does that answer your question now?
Shneur Gershuni: Yes, I think we are actually on the same page. So if I do my math correctly, I mean that is a very significant increase in the dividend from where you are today, which I think is running at about $1.1 billion or $1.2 billion, am I thinking about that correctly and corresponds with your well of a difference comment earlier?
Steve Kean : Yes, that would be, of course, a significant difference, right.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay. The second question, I know that you have been asked this many different ways, but I realize the company has made considerable progress of getting down to your stated goal of 5x net debt to EBITDA. I guess kind of two questions in one here, but has that leverage goal impacted your ability to consider some growth projects, and then secondly given all the questions about returning to a higher level of dividends, is the board considering any options to accelerate the pace to the 5x leverage goal either through equity or preferred issuances, or even asset sales, or is the board comfortable with the pace where you are at and you will get there when you expect to get there?
Kim Dang: So, let me answer and I think my answer to the first will address the answer to the second question, which is the reason that we decreased the dividend primarily a year ago had to do with inefficient capital markets and not wanting to fund expansion CapEx in a market that wasn't rationally pricing debt and equity securities. And so, I think the debt market has changed, the equity market is still significantly different from where we were 12 months ago, 18 months ago. And so we are funding our CapEx program. So in my mind what we are constrained by we do want to improve the balance sheet, and that is a goal that we have, but what we are doing is we are living within our cash flow meaning that we want to be able to fund our equity - our CapEx apex and our dividend from our cash flow. And so that is the constraint and so because we have limited amount of capital that is why we have the hurdle rate set at 15% unlevered after-tax for project. I fully anticipate that over time as the CapEx ex comes down and also as the balance sheet improves that we would relax that standard. I don't know exactly what that number is going to be today, but it would be something less than the 15%. It probably won't be back at the 8% unlevered after-tax that we previously used for hurdle rate, but we would have to make the assessment when that time comes.
Shneur Gershuni: And so you are comfortable with the pace that you are at or would you consider options to accelerate getting there?
Steve Kean: Well, if you mean issuing equity, we are not an equity issuer at these prices.
Kim Dang: And that was why that we are living within cash flow given where the current equity prices are.
Steve Kean: But look, we are going as fast as we can. If we can find ways to go faster we will. And we are working on this all the time as you might imagine. But it is just a question the particular method that you identified as distinguished from attractive joint ventures for example and other ways of accelerating us getting there, that approach that is issuing equity is not attractive at today's prices.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay, fair enough and one final question, we have seen a spike in global coalprices recently and I know you have had some challenges at your terminals over the last two years, has there been any increase or increase in terms of folks wanting to ship out coal in bulk out of the U.S. or is it still too early to see the benefit from the recent increases that we have seen in coal prices globally?
Steve Kean: We saw actually a 13% up tick last quarter in our coal volumes mostly on the export side. On a U.S. basis, exports were down 11.8%. That is just a drop in the bucket. We are still down 30% on a year-over-year basis. The prices - we have seen some price compression, margins did spike up, but we don't anticipate that going significantly higher. The forecast for this year is still tracking at about 59 million tons of export and that is comparable to 74 million tons last year. It is not projected a lot higher than that.
Shneur Gershuni: So you have got some ground to make up?
Steve Kean: Yes.
Shneur Gershuni: All right. Thank you very much guys.
Operator: The next question is from Darren Horowitz from Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Rich Kinder: Hi Darren, how are you?
Darren Horowitz: I am fine. Thank you Rich. I hope you and the team are doing well. I will be quick Rich, you and Steve mentioned the permitting challenges and obviously the Connecticut expansion of TGP comes to mind, I'm just thinking systemically, what impact do you think these permitting challenges are going to have specifically on the northeast gas market when you reconcile the amount of marketed pipe capacity versus what you said you expect in Marcellus and your production growth expectations to be, do you think it is a rescaling of marketed pipe or a combination of pipes, and I am most interested to know your thoughts on maybe some basis differential expectations, more pressure in the hub, but most importantly how you capitalize on it through scaling up TGP?
Steve Kean: Okay. A lot loaded in there, but basically I think our view is it is very hard to get big new builds done into New England or into the northeast, and we have seen that not only with [any deal], which we talked about in the first quarter and discontinued, but also with recent rulings that verified that decision. It is making it harder to get things done on kind of a megascale. Now we have continued to engage with our customers on smaller scale projects and will continue to pursue those. But I think from the perspective of right now today it is hard to get new significant gas infrastructure built into New England and now with the intent to increase the basis differentials between what is already the lowest priced gas, dominion south, call it, and the New England market which is the highest priced in North America and just a few hundred miles away. So barring some improvement in that overall permitting environment I think it is difficult to do those, but we will keep looking for the smaller projects to do. The other thing I think New England is a perfect example of what Rich said at the very beginning, which is that, it does tend to make the existing network more valuable. The other thing I would add and let Tom throw in whatever he wants, but the TGP system is a system that is continuing to produce project opportunities for us. A lot of our backlog on TGP - a lot of our backlog in gas is on TGP. I mean it is the biggest home for it outside of the Elba project right now, and what a lot of that project capital is directed at now is getting the gas as you know Darren, South from the Marcellus and Utica to the new market, the new market area, which is now the Gulf Coast of the United States. And we are proceeding along very well with those. We are building on our existing footprint that again goes to the need to make distinctions between projects out there and infrastructure projects, building off of our existing footprint, adding compression, maybe laying some parallel pipe, things like that that created different - that is a different - in a federally certificated process that is a different context in which to be doing your project expansions. So I think you will see bases widen to New England to the northeast, and I think we will find plenty of things to invest in [Indiscernible] plenty of things to invest in on TGP to get that gas someplace else. 
Darren Horowitz: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeremy Tonet from JPMC. Your line is now open.
Rich Kinder : Okay. You are back on.
Jeremy Tonet: Sorry about that. Thanks for taking me. Going back to TMX here, I was just wondering if you could help me think through some things here as far as, if there is any target as far as what the right ownership would be for this, and when you are talking about the JV here, is this just the extension or the extension of the existing pipe, I guess what it comes back to is when I am thinking - trying to model 5x debt to EBITDA, the spend on TMX and the drag associated with when the cash flow materialize is a pretty big variable in that equation. So I am just wondering if you could help me think through that.
Steve Kean: Okay, there are a number of things in there, but I think yes the project is hard to separate from the underlying assets to answer the simplest one of your questions there. On the -- on the approach on what the ownership percentage would be and more of the details I'll go back to the earlier answer, which is we have a lot of options and we're going to pursue the most valuable ones, that’s the easiest way I can characterize it. And we don't have to do anything which is a great position to be in, but we are going to evaluate it.
Jeremy Tonet: Got you. Great, that's helpful. And then if I heard you correctly let me know if I’m wrong as far as you know when in the regulatory process it might make sense to proceed with the JV if the terms makes sense, it's kind of earlier next year when you see if things progress to schedule, that could kind of come to fruition at that point.
Steve Kean: Yes that's a good point to be looking at it when we see the regulatory clarity because I think investors would like to see that too and so I think that's a reasonable point for us to be examining it.
Jeremy Tonet: Got you. Thanks for that, that's it for me.
Operator: Next question is from Craig Shere from Tuohy Brothers. Your line is open.
Steve Kean: Good afternoon.
Craig Shere: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the extended call here. So a couple of questions here, one, you know Rich, you commented about the historical you know annual run rate call it about $2.5 billion a year, I know we have some take in the Python issues with Trans Mountain and other such items that may be JV, but I guess my question is as we think about lowering the hurdle rate for new projects from 15% perhaps to the very low double-digits, do you see the capacity in this current market that really filled in for that kind of ongoing investment opportunity when year-to-date you've only filled in $575 million?
Rich Kinder: Well I think again, we would just have to look at what the environment is at that particular point in time, and these things do vary from year-to-year but we look back over several years and it's our call at this time, and against a preliminary outlook as I stress, but that annual burn rate if you will of expansion CapEx is something in the range we talked about. And that's what -- what we would want to use as providing enough coverage we made for the “equity portion” of that burn rate, and I think that almost stationary or that leaves a lot of many to pay dividends but we just look at the exact circumstances when we reach that point.
Craig Shere: Understood. Is there any color about how much you have left on the table because it didn't meet your hurdle rate, because of the significant balance sheet management that this really helped a lot in the last two three four quarters. Any kind of color on what you've already left on the table because of that discipline that maybe when in a better market might be there in the future?
Rich Kinder: No, I don't know that we left anything on the table Craig. We did elevate our return hurdle criteria, but we have continued to say, look if there's something that our business units think makes sense, we got a good customer, good counter party credit, long-term contracts confidence around execution center. We want to -- we want to bring it in to talk about it and we continue to see those come forward. I think, the one place that we took a closer look again with CO2 and we -- and certainly in the oil price environment we saw earlier in the year, we took projects off the table and now we're adding those back as we see oil prices recover. So look is there something, or there are some things that we might have been able to do if we were in an 8% world that we're not doing when we were 15% world, then yes maybe so, but I think well what we're talking about in the longer term is a return hurdles that we will relax off of the 15% as Kim said, and I think given the network that we have will still find those opportunities off our network and we're finding some of them still today.
Craig Shere: Understood. And on MEP, was there some specific kind of ongoing revenue or EBITDAS drag or reduction expected apart from the one-time non cash right down.
Kim Dang: If you're asking if we’ve had any changes on the underlying contracts at MEP? No, there have been no underlying changes. This is based on the impairment is largely based on informed by discussions with customers of rates that we can get when contracts expire.
Craig Shere: Understood. And on the Jones Act, tankers Steven and any more color you can provide there and your comments about the size or duration of the moves. I think you still have American liberty and American pride, you have the contracts, is that correct? And any update about charters rolling over the next couple of years?
Steve Kean: Yes, we have two ships that are not yet constructed and those are the only two of the 14 that are currently not chartered. They are the only two of the 16, and they are not currently charted, everything else is -- that there's one that's under a shorter term charter that’s rolling into a long term charter. Everything is chartered; we do have some coming up in one or two in 2017, three in 2017.
Rich Kinder: And we had a real strong year there, we are up $12 million on the base, mostly due to less off higher and higher rates and then the expansions are another $25.7 million. If you look kind of going forward the risk really is we got $11 million that are under long-term agreement and then $5 million that could be impacted at some point or another, remember it's about 15% of the total earnings for that -- for that group.
Craig Shere: Okay, that's very good color, thank you. And then on that there was a question about Trans Mountain cost, I just want to confirm I mean historically all said that if we bumped up against that upper limit of what they are takers were required to accept Canadian dollars if we punch through that, that there were still significant shipper interest and if conditions were that you punched through that a little bit, that the expectation would be that there would be plenty of still interest and you wouldn't be too worried about that. Is that still the case that, whatever comes you got to do your best to keep cost down, but the shipper interest is there?
Steve Kean: There's good strong super into something outside of the current shippers. And so yes we still -- we still believe that. Now having said that, we are working very hard to keep our overall costs down and to be within the cap and we're making good progress, but yes, we do believe that they're strong enough, there is strong shipper interests outside of the existing shippers.
Craig Shere: Great. And then last question from me, it's kind of a bigger picture, but -- but the -- the [industry don't] want to call it industry, the activism out there that's made it difficult to put on new projects has also started impacting existing projects and that is called into question, what kind of ongoing cost there are for surveillance and security, can you comment on those trends and any issues impacting the industry?
Steve Kean: I think it's the same general comment which is we have to take all of those kinds of things into account in scheduling and costing our projects. And it includes additional public outreach. It also includes taking into account security measures that that may be needed. So it's about adapting to that new environment and that's what we are actively doing.
Craig Shere: Okay thank you very much.
Operator: Next question is from Becca Followill from U.S. Capital Advisors. Your line is now open.
Steve Kean: Afternoon, Becca
Becca Followill: Afternoon. Three questions for you, one on Utopia back to back. Do you have a timing on the appeals? And, and how many counties have you sued the land owners?
Steve Kean: A timing on the appeal, we've asked for an expedited appeal, so we're waiting to see if that’s granted and then they would have to set a schedule and so I don't have a specific answer on that, but it would be months, it would be months to get the appeal ultimately resolved. And Ron, in terms of the number of counties where we've got [Indiscernible] suits its probably, nearly every county on the …
Tom Martin: Several of the counties. And we’ve as is typical all of our projects we tried to avoid use of eminent domain, we negotiate with respect with landowners and as Steve and Rich indicated we’re about 65% just through gaming these months without any eminent domain. So we continue to work that effort while we feel this one County effort, and what happens in other counties, well that remains to be seen.
Rich Kinder: Well the other judges of course have ruled the other way off…
Becca Followill: Well there have been counties that [have ruled] the opposite direction?
Rich Kinder: Yes.
Becca Followill: In Ohio.
Rich Kinder: Yes, yes.
Steve Kean: And including at the appellate level.
Becca Followill: With the appellate level on, was that on surveying, or was on eminent domain?
Steve Kean: It was an eminent domain.
Becca Followill: Okay, Are there different districts that you have to go through is different for different county rules or is it all in one district and which district is it?
Steve Kean: No, it's a county-by-county. This is a county, the county court system, state county court system in each county and then there are appellate districts in the ultimately the Ohio Supreme Court.
Becca Followill: But you are appealing through a district court?
Steve Kean: We're appealing to a court of appeals.
Becca Followill: But do you know which district?
Steve Kean: I don’t know what the number is.
Becca Followill: Okay. Thank you. I’ll track it down. Second on the timing to finalize the cost of the Trans Mountain expansion, I would seem you have to have that in hand before you could do a JB?
Steve Kean: Yes, and we have to - I don't remember the exact timeframe but we do deliver it to the shippers following the respective acceptable approvals. And so there's a some relatively short window time within which we go to that.
Becca Followill: So that would also be in January then?
Steve Kean: It’s the sixth that Ron informs me, it’s the six district court of appeals.
Becca Followill: Okay
Steve Kean: Going back, what was your other questions Becca on…
Becca Followill: It would be January, also timing.
Steve Kean: First quarter, let’s say first quarter.
Becca Followill: Okay. And then finally on Yates, seemed like a fairly big sequential pick down and production there, was there anything unusual that was going on?
Steve Kean: Yes, couple of things. We deferred a couple of projects earlier in the year and then we had a power outage in the quarters that significantly attracted fields so, nothing major be honest as…
Becca Followill: And how much the power outage affect the field in terms of production can you quantify?
Rich Kinder: I have to get back to you on that.
Becca Followill: Okay. Great. Thank you guys.
Operator: Next question is from Chris Sighinolfi from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Good afternoon.
Chris Sighinolfi: Hey Rich, appreciate the time tonight. Just had a couple clarification questions, I guess, to start that kind of model question. Kim, I think I heard you say in your prepared remarks that full year sustaining CapEx would be within its 4% of the initial budget. I’m wondering that I think the original budget was 570-574, so I was just looking at the final page of your release tonight. And it I just wanted to I guess figure out the reconciliation of that comment if I heard you correctly or not. And then the five, the 455 listed in the last page just what I should be using kind of what is the number?
Kim Dang: Well the original budget was $574 and will be within 4% of that number.
Chris Sighinolfi: Of that number, okay.
Rich Kinder: 4% percent better in other words….
Kim Dang: Better, less.
Chris Sighinolfi: Yes, no I understood there’s a lot of improvement you guys have made there. I knew it was going to be under, I just didn't know that 455 spoke to larger magnitude, so I'll follow up maybe with David about what this table represents, but I just want to clarify for our model what the number should be. I guess second question for me, [oil curves] moved up significantly since the last call, curious if any additional hedging activity had taken place and if you could maybe give me just a quick rundown of where you stand?
Kim Dang: Sure, on that on the hedges and this is 2017, we've got and I'm going to give you barrels now because I think that is easier for everybody's models and giving you percentages. And so on barrels we've got twenty-four thousand four hundred barrels hedged for 2017, 13,700 for 2018, 6100 for 2019 and 2300 for 2020. And the 17 barrels that I just gave you include roughly seventeen hundred barrels of NGLs and to give you the prices that go along with that 2017 at $62, 2018 is $66, 2019 is $58 and 2020 is $51.
Chris Sighinolfi: Perfect. Super helpful.
Kim Dang: And the prices include the NGL volumes.
Chris Sighinolfi: Right, right okay. And I guess the final question from me Kim is just a lot of questions on TMX, obviously appreciate the color on the project procedural past potential for partners. I just, I guess as it relates to your historical cadence around guidance, just given that that's normally early December and a lot of this seems like it will be decided either late December, early January just what we should be expecting from you if anything different than normal?
Steve Kean: In terms of getting guidance later in the year with all the moving parts of the first quarter.
Chris Sighinolfi: Yes, precisely yes.
Steve Kean: Yes, so we haven't even started reviving [indiscernible] going through our budget process for 2017. And so we normally decide if, when and how to guide when we are deeper it -- will actually when we are completed with that process. So don't have an answer for you yet Chris.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay. Well thanks for all the time guys.
Steve Kean: Thanks.
Operator: I’m sorry. Next question is from Faisel Khan from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Hi, Faisel how are you this afternoon.
Faisel Khan: Hi, okay thanks good evening. In terms of the TMX again, can negotiations with your contractors extend beyond the end of the year or are you expecting that to be done by end of the year?
Steve Kean: I would expect there'll be stuff being negotiated with contractors all the way along through the project frankly, but the bulk of it will be done by the time we communicate to the customers obviously, so early next year.
Faisel Khan: Okay. And then the increased contributions let's talk about the quarter from the Highland mid to Highland Midstream assets. What exactly is that associated with, was that associated with higher volumes or if there's something else going on there on the midstream…..
Steve Kean: No it was shifting contracts from commodity sensitive contract structures where you know we were getting a percentage of proceeds to locking in the fee and giving the producer the commodity upside. And so the producer was happy with the commodity upside and we were happy to lock in and secure a stable cash flow.
Faisel Khan: Okay. And that caused an increase in the EBITDA in this quarter.
Steve Kean: Yes. Really through for the year too.
Faisel Khan: Got it. And then the hedges Kim that you described in the call right now, are those hedge amounts for next year, does it look a little bit lower than what you would normally be at this time of year in terms of our percentage of volume basis?
Kim Dang: We are within our hedging program.
Faisel Khan: Okay. And the tax expense you talked about for SMG, is that just related to the deferred tax assets of the entire companies or is that just a reflection of a change in the DTA for you guys.
Kim Dang: No. It's a reflection of the fact that we don't book deferred taxes on non-deductible goodwill.
Faisel Khan: Okay, okay that makes sense. Okay, it’s all I had guys. Thanks.
Operator: Next question is from John Edwards from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Rich Kinder: Hey, Jonathan, how are you doing?
John Edwards: I’m doing good. I'll try to keep this really brief. Just can you remind us on Trans Mountain, what that CapEx cap is? And then if you can remind us how much arm you've invested in Trans Mount to date?
Steve Kean: It's a $6.8 billion is the Canadian -- is the is the capital amount. And by the end of the year it will be a little under $600 million invested, but keep in mind that there's a Canadian yes, and keep in mind that we -- that's a gross number and we collect what we call firm 50 fees, this is firm capacity across the dock and there's $250 million worth of firm 50 fees that go to offset that development cost. So the net number and now that isn't all matchup in time. That's extended over a 10-year period, but $250 million with the development costs is funded through the firm 50 fees.
Rich Kinder: And then beyond that is of course we have explained before, we have commitments from the shippers for a portion of this in the event that the project would not go far, so it's not like all of this is on our [indiscernible] I think Steve's explained that the past.
John Edwards: Okay, so if it doesn't go forward, approximately what percentage basically you have been….
Steve Kean: Varies, depending on the reason, but it's generally no less than 80% is borne by the shippers.
John Edwards: Okay, that's helpful. And then the December 20th, is that you expect that to be is that literally a go/no-go or is there some other decision that could come out of that?
Steve Kean: It’s a decision and we don't know if it's going to have additional conditions or affirm the [NAVs] existing 157 conditions or so. So it's not a -- but it will be, it is expected to be as for example in the Northern Gateway case, the order in council is a definitive decision about whether they view the pop the project is being in the public convenience and necessity so it will be definitive from that standpoint, we would expect plus there’s something very different here. We’d expect them to make that determination definitively.
John Edwards: Okay, so that that becomes effectively the go/no go is this public…
Steve Kean: I’m not clear what you mean by go/no-go…
John Edwards: I mean, I mean like you get a decision, I mean does that mean your face for example they did not find it's in the public convene, it's not a project found in the interest of the public for convenience and necessity would you in effect at that point have to cancel the project now if they find you'll get a certificate as a public convenience and necessity, but they have some conditions, I'm presuming them, the project for all practical purposes definitely goes forward that's what I'm just trying to figure out.
Steve Kean: Yes and so on the going forward decision, there are the other elements that I spoke to. We've got to get the BC resolution go through the final contractor and customer community communications all of which we expect to happen fairly shortly after the federal order. The federal order could be a range of things, I mean naturally we think we made a very good case, and we've -- we think we've done better even than past applications in terms of meeting the requirements that the government has laid out. So we're certainly advocating for and expecting will find it determination that it is in the public convenience and necessity, but it could also have additional conditions and we'd have to examine what those conditions are and what impact they have on the project. And to your point, yes they could determine that it's not and that we have to decide what our next steps were from that point.
John Edwards: Okay. And then switching over to the JV possibilities. Given that the customers are effectively funding a portion of this on a JV, would they be eligible to participate in any same markup on that. I mean how much sharing would go on with the customers…
Steve Kean: There's no -- there's no sharing on that. It's -- but we're also again that being specific about who might want to be a participant. Yes, yes again this isn't yes if we pursue the JV.
John Edwards: Okay, so I’m presuming it wouldn't be fair to presume that there's a fair number of the customers that would want to be.
Steve Kean: I -- wouldn't yes I wouldn't I wouldn't lean into that John. I think that they are generally in different businesses than owning pipelines if you look at this rate of customers. So I'm just not precluding any potential option there.
John Edwards: Okay. That’s really helpful. That’s it from me, thanks so much.
Operator: Our last question from the queue is from [Indiscernible] from Seaport Global Securities. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: [Indiscernible]
Kim Dang: Thank you. In terms of you can expect that it would be at five times or potentially better depending on what decision we make when we get to that point.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay thanks for that. And then just one clarification with regard to your interstate pipelines, I was wondering what kind of interest you are seeing on some of the re-contracting for those pipelines, I think in GPL especially had some contracts which were coming up for renewal, any color on that?
Rich Kinder: Yes I mean, I would say overall we've got good interest in good rates, we were contract tender really has gone and increased over the course of the year and then why would it think about in GPLs it really has, it touches all the major demand and supply areas that are engaged in the market right now, whether it be LNG, whether it be [indiscernible] petrochemical growth and those whether it be certainly Marcellus, Utica and even the Permian we are seeing some action out west as well so, good prospects along as you go.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks guys.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Thank you all very much. Have a good evening. I know everybody is going to [scurry] home to watch the big debate tonight. But you should be reading your Kinder Morgan information instead. Thank you and have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-20 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Rich Kinder - Executive Chairman Steve Kean - President & CEO Kim Dang - VP & CFO Tom Martin - President, Natural Gas Pipelines
Analysts: Kristina Kazarian - Deutsche Bank Shneur Gershuni - UBS Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Company Jean Ann Salisbury - Sanford C. Bernstein Brian Gamble - Simmons Darren Horowitz - Raymond James Jeremy Tonet - JPMorgan Ted Durbin - Goldman Sachs Faisel Khan - Citigroup Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Chris Sighinolfi - Jefferies John Edwards - Credit Suisse
Operator: Welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this point. Now, I’ll turn the meeting over to our host, Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. Sir, you may begin.
Rich Kinder: Okay, thank you, Laura, and welcome to our call. As always before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today’s earnings release and this call includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. We encourage you to read our full disclosure on forward-looking statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release, as well as review our latest filings with the SEC for a list of risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. Now let me begin by just making a very few introductory comments before turning the call over to our CEO, Steve Kean, and our CFO, Kim Dang. First of all, the operating results for both the second quarter and year-to-date are very consistent with Kim's guidance, which she shared with you on our Q1 call and which were in our Q1 earnings release. And I think this demonstrates once more that our assets are consistent generators of strong cash flow, even in these times of volatility. Several specific events have happened since our last call, mostly positive. First of all, the National Energy Board of Canada recommended approval of our Trans Mountain Expansion Project. This is an important step, but we still need an order in council and that decision is expected in December of this year. We also entered into joint ventures, as you know Southern Company on our SNG natural gas system and with Riverstone on our Utopia pipeline project, and have also divested an additional approximate of 175 million of non-core assets. These steps allow us to significantly improve our balance sheet with the expectation of now ending this year 2016, at about 5.3 times debt-to-EBITDA, which is an improvement from the 5.5 times budgeted. In addition, we’re also reducing our future need for expansion CapEx, and all of this is getting us measurably closer to being able to return significant additional cash to our shareholders through either increasing the dividend or buying back shares. I can assure you we will continue on this right path, as we work to maintain and strengthen our balance sheet, while at the same time preparing to deliver increased value to our shareholders. And with that I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steve Kean: All right, thanks. I’m going to update on capital and counterparty credit and then hit on some additional segment highlights and returns that we're seeing. On the capital update, we've been talking for several quarters now about high grading the backlog and how we do that, that consists of make me sure that we're attending to our balance sheet, but also ensuring that we grow our DCF per share through investments that we're making at attractive returns and that we’re now funding out of the excess cash flow that we generate, without leaving to access the capital market. The high grading includes select joint ventures on assets and projects the Utopia JV shows that we can originate high value mid-stream projects that are valued by investors. On SNG, we're entering a JV with our largest customer in a transaction which brings value to that asset, through specifically identified opportunities and is accretive in the medium-term. We've trimmed some projects from the backlog where they don't make sense from a return standpoint or in today's commodity price environment. Now, we've also made scope and cost savings improvements and in some cases deferred costs on projects that we're proceeding with. One example of this improvement is, in the gas group in this quarter and part of the reduction in the backlog is due to this. We renegotiated a contract with a customer, as a result of that renegotiation was a reduction in our capital spend for that project a boosted return, acceleration of the end service data of a portion of the revenues. And we freed up some capacity that we believe we can resell. Meanwhile, the customer got the benefit of a lower cost longer term deferred payment. We're going to continue to work on additional opportunities within our backlog and in addition to our current projects. The result of these efforts is a backlog which now has an EBITDA multiple of 6.5 times, CapEx, that's excluding CO2 projects which tend to have higher returns, but are more commodity price sensitive. We now expect to spend discretionary capital of 2.8 billion in 2016, which is down from 2.9 billion last quarter that we estimated for the year, and down 500 million from as planned for the year. Our backlog is now 13.5 billion, down from 14.1 and that's a function of projects going into service, the Utopia JV, the project renegotiation that I mentioned, and that is against some project revision. So in short, we are making good progress. We're doing what we told you we would do. And that progress is on the balance sheet, as well as positioning us to grow our DCF per share. On customer credit, we continue our extreme focus throughout our commercial and corporate organizations. In the past quarter, credit defaults amounted to about 0.3% of budgeted revenue annualized, and most of that is associated with the Peabody bankruptcy that took place in the first two weeks of the quarter. Without that we would be well under 0.1%. And again, putting our situation in perspective, we're a broadly diversified mid-stream company. We’ve got a strong and diversified customer base, which includes integrated energy majors, utilities and end-users. So the credit picture is stabilizing. Now for some of the segment highlights and trends, overall when I compare it to a year-over-year basis the segment earnings before DD&A and certain items was down 31 million or 2% from Q2 of 2015 to Q2 of ’16. CO2 so 31 million, CO2 by itself is down 59 million, due to lower prices primarily, and lower production. Even though CO2 is making plans due to some price improvements and good performance on the cost saving as well. Compared to the same quarter last year, gas is down 1%, while terminals and products up 4% and 8% respectively, so broad themes on our year-over-year performance. Number one, we continue to see strong demand for natural gas across our network. Transport volumes are up 5% year-over-year, we're getting good terms on storage, transportation and sales renewals in our business. Power burn on our pipes is up 8% year-over-year and recall the power burn was up 16% from Q2 of ’14 to ’15, so there is strong compounding work coming from the power sector. For the first time ever gas is making up a larger share of the fuel for power generation and coal, that's been true year-to-date for 2016, and if I close in 2015 in the last -- most recent quarter is through ’16, 35% of generation came from gas, versus 27% from coal. Gas exports are up on our respected fields. Exports to Mexico have grown to 3.3 Bcf a day, and three quarters of that volume moved on Kinder Morgan sites. We continue to believe and we're seeing that the need for natural gas transportation and storage service is growing as the demand in the power generation sector and industrial sectors continues to grow, along with export demand from Mexico in LNG. The products pipelines were getting the benefit year-over-year of higher volumes on KMCC and Quotient and the start-up in the second splitter units in Houston Ship Channel. In terminals, we're seeing the benefit of new liquids capacity coming online as number of liquids makes up a little better than three quarters of our segments earnings before DD&A in this business. And we're also seeing increased utilization in on-site, so more capacity online and higher overall utilization of that capacity. The second quarter was a record setting quarter for throughput on our liquids terminals. On the bulk side, while coal volumes are down year-over-year other coal volumes are partially offsetting that decline, particularly in Petcos and Metals. We also renewed our Steel handing arrangement with Deepwater for 10 years with some value enhancements in that new deal. Overall, the bulk part of the business is higher year-over-year change to be explained by the coal banks. The negative affecting the business on a year-over-year are of course lower commodity prices, which affect us directly and the enhance oil recovery part of CO2 and indirectly in our gathered volumes of gas and crude condensates. And even with oil prices and gas prices that are lower year-over-year by 18% and 26% respectively, we're showing durable performance from our portfolio. Lastly, an update on our Trans Mountain Expansion, this continues to be a two-step forward, one-step back development. I’ll start with the fundamentals, while we consistently hear from our producer customers in Canada, is that they’re counting on this project to get built. Putting the recent fires aside in Alberta, production continues to grow, and takeaway capacity projects continue to be behind the demand. Oil prices have hurt Alberta for sure, so from the perspective of our expansion the supply and demand fundamentals for takeaway capacity are good. For the best of the federal review process as Rich mentioned, we have our NEB recommendation finding the project to be in the public interest and the federal government’s undertaking its further consultation process with the objective of final decision in the sum of this year. We’ve made great progress with communities along the route have, have agreements to support from a majority of the most directly affected first nation today. We are actively engaged with the BC government on the satisfaction of their five conditions and we are making very good progress there. We’re going to be actively working with contractors over the summer on the always challenging work on cost and final step for the project. Finally before turning over to Kim for the financials, I’m going to point out, as you probably noticed, the release is in a slightly different format than usual. What we’re doing, is showing GAAP measures with equal or greater prominent further recent SEC guidance in public companies. As always, we’ll continue to show you all the numbers including the non-GAAP measures that we did. In our management of business, but this is a format, we’ll show in times going forward. With that, I’ll turn it over to Kim.
Kim Dang: Okay, thanks, Steve. Let me start by reiterating three overall financial points as Rich mentioned today is that we believe you should take away from this call. Number one as Rich said, our full year guidance has not changed from the updated guidance to -- we gave you last quarter. We continue expect that EBITDA will be about 3% below budget and DCF would be approximately 4% below budget. Being consistent with the guidance we gave you last quarter, this guidance does not include the impact of the SNG JV, which we anticipate will close in the late third or early fourth quarter. Secondly, we expect in the year at 5.3 times debt-to-EBITDA, which is down from our budget guidance and the guidance we gave you last quarter, largely as a result of our balance sheet improvement efforts. When you annualize the EBITDA impact from the SNG transaction, we expect that the full year impact would be slightly higher than the 5.3 times. And third, our debt-to-EBITDA target still around five times and once we’ve reached that level we will decide how to return value to shareholders, but we’re not committing to specific, not at this time. On our dividend today, we’re declared a dividend of $12.5 per share consistent with our budget and the guidance we gave you in December of last year. Looking at our GAAP income statement, we will see that revenues are down significantly. As I say many quarters, we do not believe that revenue or the changes in revenues are necessarily good predictors of our performance. We have some businesses where revenues and expenses fluctuate with commodity prices, but margin generally does not, which is why you also see a large change in cost of sales during the quarter. In addition, our GAAP numbers could be impacted by non-cash non-recurring accounting entries or what we call certain items. So if you turn to the second page of numbers, which shows our DCF for the quarter and year-to-date, I believe you’ll get a better picture of our performance. We generated total DCF for the quarter of 1.05 billion versus 1.095 billion for the comparable period in 2015. Therefore, total DCF was down about 45 million or 4%. The segments were down approximately 31 million or 2% with the 59 million decrease in CO2 offsetting increases in terminals and products. The 31 million decrease in the segment was partially offset by a $23 million decrease in G&A and interest expense. In net-out the $39 million increase in our preferred stock dividends you get a DCF earnings of 47 million versus the 45 million that we show on the page. There are a bunch of other moving parts, so that gives you the main one. DCF per share was $0.47 in the quarter versus $0.50 for the second quarter of last year or down $0.03. With about $0.02 associated with the DCF earnings that I just walked you through and about a $0.01 due to the additional shares that we issued during 2015 to finance our growth projects and maintain our balance sheet. Therefore, despite approximately 20% decline in commodity prices versus the second quarter of last year, our performance was down approximately 4%. We believe these results demonstrate the resiliency of our cash flows generated by a large diversified platform, primarily fee-based assets. Certain items in the quarter were relatively small, income of approximately $8 million, but let me describe a couple of them that you wouldn't have seen before so you make sure you know what they are. We had a contract early termination revenue which is $39 million of income which is associated with a customer buying out its sourced contracts on one of our Texas intrastate storage fields. We also had a 21 million in legal and environmental reserves and that was primarily related to settlement of our over 10 year litigation matter with the City of San Diego. Now let me give you a little bit more granularity on our expected performance for the full year versus our budget. We expect natural gas pipelines to come in approximately 2% below its budget, primarily as a result of the lower volumes in our midstream groups and 4.5 months in service delay on our EEC, SNG pipeline expansion. As a result of the delay in receiving our FERC certificate. CO2 is expected to end the year on its budget and essentially here what's happening is we've some price help and cost savings that are offsetting a little bit lower oil and CO2 volumes that we budgeted. We currently expect terminals to end the year about 4% below its budget, primarily due to the impact of the coal bankruptcy. We expect products to end the year approximately 5% below its budget, due to lower crude and condensate volumes on KMCC, Double H and Double Eagle, lower rates on our SFPP pipeline, and the sale of our corporate pipeline. Right now, we are projecting KMC to be essentially on budget. On the expense side interest, cash taxes, G&A and sustaining CapEx, on a combined basis are expected to come in positive versus budget or said another way generate a favorable variance, primarily as a result of lower interest. And with that I will move to the balance sheet. On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $41.3 million in debt that is an increase in debt of about 97 million since the end of last year and it's a decrease in debt versus where we ended the first quarter of about $234 million. So, let me reconcile that for you. DCF in the quarter as I mentioned a moment ago was 1.05 billion. We spent about a little under 870 million on expansion CapEx and contributions to equity investments. We distributed or paid dividends of about 279 million. We received proceeds from asset divestitures and JVs of about 220 million and then working capital and other items was a source of cash of about 110 million. On year-to-date, we generated $2.28 billion in distributable cash flow. We spent about 1.88 on expansion capital, on acquisitions and on contributions to equity investments with the only significant acquisition being the acquisition of the BP Terminal in the first quarter. We paid dividends of $558 million and we have proceeds from asset divestitures and JVs of 220 million and then we had working capital used about 160 million adjusted to the $97 million increase in debt year-to-date. We ended the quarter at about 5.6 times debt-to-EBITDA which is consistent where we ended last year and consistent where we ended the first quarter. And as we've mentioned a couple of times on the call, we expect to end the year at 5.3 times debt-to-EBITDA. So with that, I’ll turn it back to Rich.
Rich Kinder: Okay. And Laura if you'll open the lines we will take any questions that may arise.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Kristina Kazarian from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Kristina Kazarian: So, I know you guys did this last week so sorry for doing it again, but I have been getting a lot of questions. If you can -- can you guys just help me recap the profile of asset that would be up for JVing, so I know where we talked about Elba, any thoughts on timeframe to that and then TMX is the largest standalone project in the backlog. So, would you be up for doing anything in any way on this one?
Rich Kinder: Yes, so we've not been talking about specific JVs other than what we have put kind of in as a placeholder right when we announced our plans for the year. And there are competitive reasons for doing that. We want to -- we don't want to be hold into anyone particular transaction. We've got some commercial considerations and competitive considerations around counterparties that we're working with there. So we're not identifying for you the whole list of things that we would be considering. But I think it's safe to say that we would look at and evaluate and we could make it work just about anything on our backlog that is separable that we think we can extract good value for and that we can get promoted on and to start a return on it. It will have the kind of the full list. Now a lot of things that are in our backlog are things that are components of our existing network, our existing asset base and so those are a lot harder. The other thing I would point out is, and this was part of our strategy in maintaining some flexibility on what we would work on and what we would get done. We've gotten so far already this year -- we've gotten to a point where we brought our debt-to-EBITDA metrics down to 5.3 which is better than where we expected to end the year. So, I know that's not definitive answer on here is the list of things that we look at doing that's the kind of characteristics of things that we look at doing and we've made great progress on it.
Kristina Kazarian: That's helpful. On TMX, can you remind me what the next step would be if we get the order of council in December?
Rich Kinder: So there is another process going on which is the BC environmental assessment or the environmental certificate I guess you would call it, which we believe will be close to time to when the federal decision comes out may be it lags by a month or so, that's another requirement. And again we're working through the BC condition five process, which is the premier statement of conditions that she would like to see in order to sanction a project, right, and we're making good process on those negotiations.
Kristina Kazarian: And then last one for me it's an asset level one, can you talk a little bit more about the gathered volume number, was this kind of in line with what guys were thinking post-1Q especially in Eagle Ford and then the same thing on that increase in power demand number being up so much?
Rich Kinder: Yes, I would say first on the gathered volumes, we made some good progress during this quarter and maybe a little bit during the last quarter in terms of timing and with signed picture stuff I think 6 with existing shippers at 7 with the new shipper were kind of incentive agreements to try to bring volumes to our system above the contract minimum. So we lost some volumes on our Eagle Ford system that we're now getting back by entering into these arrangements. So it's probably a little bit worse than what we would have been shooting or hooping for but I think we've taken the right steps during the quarter to get some volumes and send it back on the system. And so I look for improvements there.
Kristina Kazarian: Perfect well thank you…
Rich Kinder: Yes. And then on power, we were watching to kind of see how power generation would play out. I think I'll say and Tom Martin is here too a little surprised to the upside on the year-over-year improvement when you think about how big of a link we had last year. Now if you look at the year-to-date number it is not quite as strong because we had that weak winter and so Q1 was actually down a bit. But if you look down on a Q2-to-Q2 basis after having a very robust growth from ’14 to ’15, we saw growth on top of that of 8% and here I am just talking about our system. So 8% on top of that 16% that we saw before which I think is very strong and I think bodes well. We had another data point there as we had five of our six biggest days for power generation on the SNG system happened in the last 45 days, five of the six biggest.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes is from Shneur Gershuni from UBS. Your line is now open.
Shneur Gershuni: I just wanted to clarify I guess your response to Kristina's question about new JVing your assets, so if I want to under the backlog correctly if there is a project that's basically a brownfield expansion to an existing asset that makes it more difficult to pull off the JV but not impossible, but more likely to happen on something that is more discrete, is that a fair way to think about it?
Rich Kinder: That is a good way to think about it.
Shneur Gershuni: And then if I remember your call from last week, you've sort of indicated that BS and GS that steel affect that you took an operating asset and then entered into a JV that seemed more of a one-off type of thing and not to really think about that on a go forward basis, does that imply to your CO2 business or is that one segment that you would actually consider JVing or outright telling?
Rich Kinder: Yes as we said last week, I mean in general it's not going to make a lot sense for us in general to be selling interest and I’ve been running assets that tends to be an expensive way to raise capital. It was, I would characterize that it is a somewhat unique opportunity in the SNG case, because what we had there is our largest customer, a great power market in the Southeast U.S. and some specifically identified and agreed to opportunities that we can jointly pursue in this JV that again somewhat unusual for such a transaction would actually make the sale of an interest in existing asset accretive in the medium-term. So I think that the fairly unique situation. We had as Kim mentioned in some of her updates on the cash numbers proceeds from other asset sales that we did and again they are, I think we’ve had few others they are somewhat exceptional and it’s either a case where, it’s really a case where, the customer on the asset or a third-party has a much higher value or places a higher strategic value on the underlying assets. Parkway was an example there were some others smaller examples during the quarter. We sold the small Transmix facility, which we were essentially just doing spot business through and really not making much of anything on it, we had a third-party who is interested in during more with that asset. And so again I think those are exceptional cases, but where we see them, we go get them.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay. If I can follow-up with some financial related questions, I guess first of all the credit market has been a lot more generous on issuers lately versus a couple of months ago. Had there if any thoughts to pre-funding some of the upcoming maturities? And I was wondering if you can also walk us through the delta on maintenance CapEx kind of seems like. Is it seasonal or is this part of your efforts to continue taking some cost out of this structure?
Rich Kinder: Do you want to take the first one?
KimDang: Sure. On the debt side, you’re right. I mean, we could issue tidier bonds right now it’s up 4%, so very attractive market. But we do not have any need to excess to capital markets during 2016. We will continue to evaluate whether it might make economic sense to pre-fund 2017. Obviously, we’re going to be, but we expect later in the year, we’ll be getting proceeds from the SNG transaction and say yes we take that into account as well. On the CapEx, it is sustaining CapEx so we’re going to coming we think probably about within 1% of our budget on sustaining CapEx. And so it is just, it’s really we are running at a positive variance year-to-date versus our budget, but that’s almost entirely timing.
Rich Kinder: Yes. So it is timing of the work, we still plan to do the work. We are getting some cost savings, but we also plan to get the cost savings. So it’s relatively modest beyond what we budgeted for. And as always the work that we’ve identified that we’re doing for compliance and safety, we are focused on getting done and will get done in the year.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay. And one final question if I may, it may be an offline question. The CO2 business, how much of a benefit are you getting from the hedges this year. Is that something that you’re able to quantify relative to your budgeted guidance?
Kim Dang: It’s about $265 million.
Shneur Gershuni: Perfect. Thank you very much guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jean Ann Salisbury from Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Operator: Yes. Our next question is from Brandon Blossman from Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Company. Your line is now open.
Brandon Blossman: Just one real quick I will ask a very similar question, it is probably a different way. Steve you've made impressive progress both on the capital high grading side and the JV side, it obviously takes pressure off to get anything else done in the very near-term, how would you characterize kind of discussions on either point there, currently and what's your expectations maybe over the next 12 months?
Rich Kinder: Well Brand I think you're right, I mean it does, it puts us in the position of being more patient and selective as we look at any other opportunities really for the balance of the year. So, again that's why we're very pleased with the progress that we've made here in the first half of the year and the fact that it does put us in a position to be more selective about what we want to do going from here.
Tom Martin: That said we're not sitting on our hands, so we'll be looking at all opportunities and again it's our intent to get back as quickly as we can judiciously done to the point where we can return more money to our shareholders, that's our intent, we've been saying that since we made our decision on the dividend last December and I'm just enormously proud the job that Steve and the whole team have done in getting us this far and there's more to come and we're working on it.
Brandon Blossman: And then just a couple of quick ones, with spreads was that still 100% your project or is that 50-50 now?
Kim Dang: No, it's a 100%.
Rich Kinder: Yes, it's a 100% us.
Brandon Blossman: And then coal volumes, is that you said I think Kim you said you are currently slightly under budget on volumes, is that because of the CapEx reduction relative to plan or is that performance on the fields?
Kim Dang: I think it's primarily performance on the fields, and just to hear our sea of speakers and we can comment a little bit more.
Rich Kinder: Yes, I think it's right.
Tom Martin: Yes it's performance, now we are learning more as we go here and we're sharpening our pencils on the programs going forward, but we had less performance so we expected. If you look at the year-over-year, a big part of the year-over-year impact as we had some really what was a I think a record setting in-field program at SACROC, that we saw the benefit of in really from Q4 of '14 through the first half or and so exactly I think it's a 50.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jean Ann Salisbury from Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Just a follow-up on that last question so at this level of 220 million or so the investment in your oil business, what's your view of what ongoing decline rate we should expect going forward on your oil volumes?
Rich Kinder: Yes not necessarily expecting an ongoing decline rate, what we do in this business is we're looking at deploying capital that gives us an attractive return on the incremental barrels that we are producing that is associated with that capital spend and so that's kind of how we look at each of our investments here. We don't aim to necessarily look for higher returns, keep production flat or grow it slightly we really make those decisions on each individual capital and investment in the development programs that we spend money on a CO2.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay, thanks. And then just had a follow-up, can you just remind me if you have all the approvals that you need from Shells in order to start construction on Elba in the third quarter?
Rich Kinder: We have our contract with Shell. We have a FERC 7C certificate that we received in June, June 1 and what we're waiting on to proceed there is we've got to get through the rehearing process and rehearings were filed I guess 30 days after we got our certificate. So, there is the hearing process that we're going through now that should take 60 days from the date of that filing and we still need that, we've got to get through that process with all the smaller permits we're waiting on…
Tom Martin: And those are permitting.
Rich Kinder: Yes those are eminent.
Tom Martin: Yes.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay. And as far as from Shell’s perspective they are aligned with the timing with you guys?
Rich Kinder: I don't know what you mean by aligned with the timing, but it is a requirement for this project that we get a final FERC order and that includes not just the 7C but also the rehearing and so…
Jean Ann Salisbury: Right.
Rich Kinder: Yes.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Gamble from Simmons. Your line is now open.
Brian Gamble: Just a couple of quick follow-ups, Steve you talked about the incentives agreement that you’d able to reach on the gathered volume side, great to see those volumes coming back to the system. Can you give any more color around I guess what types of agreements those are may be not give the exact rates but may be talk about additional opportunities on top of what you have already captured as far as the magnitude of potential volumes as to may come back in the back half of the year?
Rich Kinder: Go ahead.
Steve Kean: Yes, you go first.
Rich Kinder: Yes, I mean the, I think in a broad brush we've got deficiency to be that of our employing in many of these agreements and we're not meeting the volumes associated with that and so anything that we can do and tie incremental volumes incrementally. And get a fee that is downstream we get additional value it make sense to work around that deficiency, so I think that's sort of the general construct I am getting in doing more.
Steve Kean: Yes, I think really that the -- you would rather get the volumes than get paid the deficiency fees and so we're working with our customers the volume brings incremental value than just getting paid the deficiency fees and we will work on the deal and have incremental volume and that is what we think except for both the producing [indiscernible].
Brian Gamble: Is that volume is moving?
Steve Kean: Go ahead.
Brian Gamble: I am sorry was that volume is moving back to your systems that had been going different directions or you actually been incentivizing producers to produce volume that they may have chosen not to based on just making the deficiency…
Steve Kean: I would just probably bring in volume back to our system that they have been going out to other places.
Brian Gamble: Okay, great. And then on the power burn side great to see the Southeast region contributing such huge days to that piece of that business, has there been any change in that recently you mentioned five or six biggest days along 45 days we've also seen a pretty healthy move in the gas price over that time period? Were those five or six days particularly in July or was that more of a June event that may be we're starting to see a little bit of softness as the gas price goes up and any color on the trend there would be great?
Steve Kean: It was June and July.
Rich Kinder: [Indiscernible]
Steve Kean: Yes so I think split fairly evenly.
Rich Kinder: Yes.
Steve Kean: I think it was certainly not a fully June phenomena.
Rich Kinder: Yes so I mean I think generally I think we believe that we're going to be really strong following even at these burn gas prices through the third quarter I think once we get latter part of September and we're still pushing $3 or upper $2 there maybe some switching back. But we're not seeing any indication of that it is just the kind of weather we're seeing right now and expect to see through all that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Darren Horowitz from Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Darren Horowitz: Just two quick one for me the first with regards to your comments around enhancing shareholder value, I am just curious and I recognize it is kind of cynical, but I am just curious have the impact for the conversion of the preferreds to common shares might influence your preference on which measure of equity value enhance that you choose first meaning if it is a share repurchase to manage some of that incremental dilution or maybe it's a bit more of a balanced approach?
Rich Kinder: Well, I think as we said and Kim has been very clear on when we get that to around 5 which is our target then I think we'll look at what is the most opportune expedient way of returning value to our shareholders and we're not trying to judge in advance. We won't do it just to avoid the potential dilution of the conversion of the spread. We'll look at it whether it makes sense to buyback there is our increase with this. Again that size we're running at a $2 Bcf rate and we're pleased that the stock is rallied here almost the announcement on SNG in the $22 range but that's still about a 9% yield on Bcf. So we look at that and still amazed that it's that high.
Darren Horowitz: Steve one quick on for you just with regard to the Northeast, the expectation there possibly regarding TGP working with customers possibly expanding that since and beyond what is stated and scaling it up with the developments that have transpired since the close of Q1, has anything changed there?
Steve Kean: No we continue to talk to customers but there is nothing definitive there and they -- we're -- the need for NAV in the Northeast is real, it's present and we still think there is, there are capacity needs in that we will talk to our customers and continue to work with them on finding something that make sense, not at the same scale as NAV but perhaps something else. In the main, we're expanding TGP like mad. I mean we are bringing gas down from the Marcellus and Utica down to the new market area if you of the South the Gulf Coast where LNG exports ultimately go into Mexico as well and serving demand down here in Texas as well as power plant laterals of weather project so we're actively investing in TGP but no update really on Northeast utility customer contracts.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to talk about Canada first and given the British Columbia, isn’t necessarily known to be the easiest to do business? Just wondering, if you had any reaction to a bit more thought on reaction as far as what they said, there recently with TMX expansion. And has this enhanced your ability to potentially, kind of buying JV partners here, because it seems like this could be an ideal project to bring in a partner for?
Steve Kean: Yes. So first on BC as I said I think Ian and the team has been making very good progress there. And I assume you’re referring to the energy minister Benet’s comment here recently reported in Bloomberg. We think that the environment overall, I would say is improving and we are making progress and getting matters worked out with BC, but we’re not there yet still working on it. I think that again hypothetically from a JV perspective I mean the more of these kinds of things that we’re able to resolve and get behind us, the more value, there is to a potential investor, but again we’re not, we’ve got nothing active going on, on the project, it’s 100% ours right now. But I think whether it’s 100% ours or ultimately whether there is a partner getting these things taken care of from a regulatory and political standpoint is very helpful.
Jeremy Tonet: Okay, great. Thanks for that. And then just as far as the 5.3 times leverage that you guys are targeting for year-end right now. Does that -- how much incremental asset sales or JVs does that bake in at this point?
Kim Dang: Nothing significant.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ted Durbin from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Ted Durbin: So coming back to the 6.5 times capital-to-EBITDA multiple that you’ve put in the press release, which is now down from the 7.5 times at the Analyst Day. Can you just walk us through the details of how you got from 7.5 to 6.5, I’m assuming it is taking that out of backlog, but what are the other ways is that you are bringing that multiple down on invested capital?
Steve Kean: That is really kind of all the items that I listed out there. We’ve had some contracts restructured, we’ve had some projects and that being the largest one, largest single one that had below average returns compared to the overall backlog that have come out. We’ve also looked for ways to make on all of our projects that there are scope improvements that we can make, cost reductions that we can take on occasionally. Pushing capital out so closer in-time when the project is coming in serve all of those things helped improve the returns and the multiple on the existing project base.
Ted Durbin: Okay. And now with the new project bids, can you just remind us how much this projects actually have take or pay type components or how much of them depend on volumes they were outside of your control, and beginnings in terminals or other places?
Steve Kean: Yes. The majority are going to be under contracts with customers and let’s see I mean on a percentage basis I guess it is actually we do is exclude the CO2 portion of it and generally everything else is going to be under contract.
Ted Durbin: Okay. Great, and so then just stepping back here your earning 6.5 times multiple returns, which is certainly very good returns, at what point do you say it is enough on asset sales, JVs, et cetera. This backlog is too good we actually don't want to may be give this up?
Steve Kean: Yes well, look that the backlog and the projects that we're going to bringing on are part of our effort to improve our DCF per share and so we're going to keep -- but that doesn't mean that we will keep trying to find ways to optimize the scope and do other things that are going to boost returns. Going forward we've said fairly high, look we're in a at self funding world right now and so we'll continue to look for incremental project opportunities but we've raised our return criteria to something again that's all -- it always varies on any individual project depending on the risks and rewards but we kind of used as a little sum of 15% unlevered after tax return. So, we continue to look for those projects and have authorized several along the way through the year, but we'll look to boost returns on what we have but -- and we'll raise our return thresholds as we look at incremental capital investments.
Ted Durbin: And then if I could just sneak one more on Trans Mountain I guess any update on your views on the cost there to meet the 107 conditions probably you have some time to go through there and just remind us if you have any ability to -- if there was cost more higher to pass this cost through to customers?
Steve Kean: We're working on the cost right now and working with our contractors right now and kind of will be over the -- really over the course of the summer and what contractors always want more than we want pay them and we're going to be pushing back hard on that process over the course of the summer, to try to keep costs down and under control. Once we arrive at a cost that we turn over to our shippers and our final estimate which will be sometime early next year or maybe later this and maybe late this year. Okay then if we have flow through protection on certain identified uncontrollable costs and that includes things that's once we've set the price right, once the cost has been set and that includes things like First Nation’s costs, steel costs, one of the more complex spreads through the mountain and then the last 40 miles, 40 kilometers into lower mainland.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Faisel Khan from Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Faisel Khan: A few questions, first I just want to go back to something your answers around the gathered volumes and I am a little bit confused so, if you climb from roughly 3.5 this year the day and gather volumes down to almost three a day and I think Steve what you're saying is that's basically it a lot of that was sort of volumes above the RMPC and now you are saying that is stabilized going forward?
Steve Kean: Well what happens in the basin will drive a lot of that, right, I mean we're starting to see some people come back to the Eagle Ford but you not only have to come back you have to bring a lot of rigs back in order to see that flatten out and then start to increase and frankly I don't think the basin is at that point yet and so most of what we've been focusing on is where we lost some volumes to third parties we're trying to accept those to come back to the system rather just collecting the deficiency charges from those customers. And as I said I think we've made some good progress over the course of the quarter in doing that. But, so long as the overall basin is declining what we're doing is fighting off decline and trying to stay above that decline rate if you will, but I don't know you don't -- it depends on whether the basic decline starts to slow I think and level out. Now, I will point out too that we haven't talked about Highland we actually had year-over-year and over budget improvement on our Highland gathering assets in North Dakota a lot of that was due to also restructuring of contracts as primarily migrating them from a percent of proceeds to fee based which gives us both greater stability but also happen to have a beneficial impact on this year's earnings. So, we talked a lot about Eagle Ford in the Haynesville we've done an arrangement to try to incent a current customer to do some drilling and there what we've done is we've divided if you will the contract between what's already under contract to us and new or incremental wells and providing discounts there to try to incent some drilling. But again the overall gathering picture is primarily driven by what the overall basin picture is.
Faisel Khan: Okay. But I mean to go from 3.5 to under 3 in two quarters is pretty extreme, and is that level of decline going to continue into end of the year?
Steve Kean: Now I think we may see some decline but it won't be at that rate.
Faisel Khan: Okay. Got it, and then the Eagle Ford volumes you talked about that's just on the liquid side the 3 going from 3.44 down to 3.04 that's what you're talking about there or is it another mix of gasoline you're talking about within the gathered volumes sets?
Steve Kean: Those are significant gas gathered volumes in the Eagle Ford as well from our Eagle Ford gathering system and the assets that we acquired from Copano and those 3 knocked us into our overall gas gathering volumes that we report on the numbers page.
Faisel Khan: Okay. And that make sense on the G&P side then on the CO2 production volumes. I just want to go back to a question that was asked before, so a 15% decline in volumes here year-over-year that's not the natural here the feel of that grand number correctly I mean I saw that the CO2 does not stay on a lot of capital and in fact locking gates volumes might decline by about may be mid single-digits based on how much your 2 year checked in this that 15% seems like a lot?
Rich Kinder: Yes it's just, yes -- no it's not a natural decline, as Steve said earlier we had a record quarter and half year in ’15 based on a very successful in-field program the candidates is not as prolific in the area at the moment so that's really the driver period-to-period it's the success of that particular in-field project.
Faisel Khan: Okay. So what is the natural decline that fuels from here on out that you could give me a best guesstimate?
Rich Kinder: Yes, it's probably more along the 6% to 9% in on the area [indiscernible].
Faisel Khan: Okay, understood. The last question for me, just on the asset sale program there was some trade publication news that you were in the market to sell the Jones Act tanker business is that still an asset that is on the market or and have you pulled back that asset from the market?
Rich Kinder: And again Faisel we're not really talking about specific processes or assets for the reasons I said earlier.
Faisel Khan: So one more I will make it quick, the drive to get the current capital to shareholders as quickly as possible, I am just wondering is -- so you have a lot of -- you've announced about an asset sales already I am just wondering do you risk sort of going racing too quickly to return capital back to shareholders and maybe not retaining assets that may have sort of better value over the longer term. So I am just trying to understand sort of that balance between of asset sales and returning capital back to shareholders over a certain time period?
Rich Kinder: I think it is a balancing process and we're certainly not going to sell anything that doesn't make sense strategically for us and that's why for the most part and Steve as explained I think very clearly the thought behind the joint venture with Southern Company on SNG but beyond that our effort has been concentrated on new projects where we could bring something in who would reward us for the efforts we have made on those projects thus and participate heads up with us on a going forward. So I think we're trying to balance it very carefully and we're not going to rush into anything that doesn't make sense strategically we're obviously in this for the very long-tern.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Craig Shere from Tuohy Brothers. Your line is now open.
Craig Shere: I got three questions here. The first pretty quick on the fall to 6.5 times what I think was guides 6.7 times CapEx do you saw on the remaining non-CO2 growth CapEx, is that mostly on the efficiencies and that gas pipeline project restructuring and were monetized projects complete a Mongolia tanker at higher multiples?
Rich Kinder: I think Mongolia would have been in there all along so really it's the contract restructuring, it's the Utopia JV and those would probably the two main contributors to it, but also we have as I said we have looked for ways to touch stand or reduce scope where we had the opportunity to do so without and enhance return as a result, those are probably the two biggest single components.
Craig Shere: And kind of a bigger picture, I know the balance sheet repair and having a flexibility to return money to shareholders is foremost in your mind, but of course if you had to make a choice and you had unlimited ability to reinvest at 6.5 times EBITDA certainly that would be preferable to returning money to shareholders. Currently excluding CO2 and CO2 I think you have about $10 billion of proportional spend now for ’16 to 2020 and over half of that was Trans Mountain, how would handicap prospects for the fee based outstanding growth CapEx inventory to materially fill in and expand over the next couple of years?
Rich Kinder: Well again as we have said trying to balancing things there are 2 thing we're trying to accomplish here, one is we want to get our debt-to-EBITDA down into the City of five times okay. The other thing we want to do is for all the DCF per share and that involves investing in project as we’ve described and getting good returns for the capital that we do deploy. And we’re doing this in a context of being self funding. So we are trying to make sure that we are dedicating our capital that we have to the best returns we can get and not be in a position where we have to excess the capital market, where we have to excess the capital market. And so those are really the things that we are balancing. We remain focused on getting the balance sheet in order and in improving our DCF per share. And we believe following that course will allow us to be in a position to return cash to shareholders. I think if you look at what our opportunities and it remains to be seen what the total investment opportunity is going to be out there, but I think there is a very reasonable case right a reasonable scenario where we’re in a situation where we’re generating significantly more cash, particularly if these projects come online or cash than we’re investing and when we’re in that position, we’re going to be also in a position to either as we said multiple times either further delever the balance sheet or return value to shareholders in the form of buybacks or increase the dividends. And as we get closer in time to that we’ll be evaluating which one of those approaches is the best way for maximizing, to maximize shareholder value.
Craig Shere: Understood, I just, what I’m trying to get at is that there is a much higher value proposition potential. And that is if you get close to five times net debt-to-EBITDA towards the end of next year and we have this flexibility we still can issue 10 year debt, and it’s up 4%. If you could fund half the cost of all of your growth CapEx at 6.5 times with cheap debt, you would have enormous amount of free cash flow to both fund growth CapEx and return to shareholders. And I guess I’m trying to get a sense of, if you think that having additional projects in line would be attractive than what you currently have, I mean there was a point you had over 20 billion of inventory. Do you think that there is prospect for the next two-three years to start to charge that?
Rich Kinder: Yes look that’s a possibility and that is absolutely something we will look at. But again the place we’re trying to maintain ourselves right now is not to have the excess the capital market, it doesn’t mean that on the right terms and conditions we wouldn’t.
Craig Shere: Okay. Last question CO2, I think for the entire segment that was originally budget 1.8 billion of growth CapEx over the five year plan. I think the forwards strips in ’16, ’17 are above your plan assumptions the longer term strips are still stubbornly low. Any reason to think about particularly what some of the volumes staying less than originally anticipated any reason to think about that spend over the five years coming in?
Rich Kinder: Five years coming in...
Craig Shere: They are all like plus or either 1.8.
Rich Kinder: As a matter of fact we’re up slightly from the 1.8 in the first Q. At the current strip, we have, the 1.8 still fits and works at the current strip.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Chris Sighinolfi from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Chris Sighinolfi: Just a couple a quick follow-ups from me I guess Kim starting with CO2 for a moment, you've been willing to give us some updates in prior call on hedge book and activity I'm just wondering if there's been any update on the hedge positions if so if you could sort of update us as to where you stand?
KimDang: As we've said on the last call we continue to lay on as if in a programmatic fashion and not just stay in line with our hedge policy but for '17 or 51% hedge is $68, 36% in '18, $73, 24% in ’19 at $60, about 6% in '20, that's $49.
Chris Sighinolfi: And then with regards, I think you had said earlier on the call that there were $175 million of sort of arranged sales and the products difference and I was curious if you had a press release out whether about the product I was curious if you could quantify how much of it was that?
Rich Kinder: No we can't due to confidentiality commitments, cannot talk about the specifics but we will try to give you some -- I've got a little bit of guidance here, if you aggregate all those things that we sold that there is enough cheesing out part way okay but it's just aggregate the other, it was a terminal asset that was sold and of the 3 total assets sold $172 million in proceeds and the EBITDA multiple was about 13.5 times.
Chris Sighinolfi: I also had a question just with regard to Trans Mountain, if that project is one way goal and ago and all was said and done could you I don't know if you know at this point or could help us think about how the new cadence spend would go on that asset particularly in 2017 and '18 or is it mostly concentrated in the final year?
Rich Kinder: Kim?
Kim Dang: It's concentrated in '18 and '19.
Rich Kinder: In '19, we won't start actual pipe construction until late summer of '17, so, I would say that you think about '18 and '19 that's the end of cadence when projects will complete with a half year in '17 is the way things run.
Chris Sighinolfi: And then I think just final question from me, I don't mean to be a dead horse but I want to revisit sort of the balancing act that you spoke about with spiral and then Craig’s efforts, or comments around sort of the deleveraging efforts versus capital deployment opportunities. Steve recognize and if you don't you need access to capital markets but I'm just wondering like at what point, what are the conditions under which you would like if the -- I get that the effort around JVing on in flight projects is seemingly the most attractive thing, but if the party can bring something to that other than just capital. We are obviously seeing asset sales but it's kind of tricky when you're selling underlying cash flow and utilizing some of the NOL balance. So, I'm just curious is like to go around delevering, where and when and if equity issuance would play into that?
Kim Dang: Well I think at this price level we don't want to issue equity and so look I think right now we're going to live within our cash flow and I think that as we look out in time we want to do projects. So, we want to do projects that have good returns on them and so if they have good returns and we think that will be value creating to our investors. And so if we can do projects at 6.5 times EBITDA then that is going to be priority, but as we look out in time and we look at the backlog that we have and we look at the potential opportunities that there may be, we see that there is probably going to be cash flow in excess of the capital project once the balance sheet is repaired. And so that's why we're saying once the balance sheet repairs then at that point in time we will be in the position to return value to shareholders through share repurchases or dividends because we think there will be some projects, don't get me wrong, but we just think that the cash flow that we will have will exceed that amount of projects.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question at this time is from John Edwards from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
John Edwards: Well it is just a couple of just real quick ones for me just, do you have the breakout of the subsectors for the backlog if you could give that to us now?
Rich Kinder: Yes, so natural gas is still about 30% of the backlog in the current, so this is the 13.5 that we're talking about…
John Edwards: Yes exactly.
Rich Kinder: Yes, gas is 30%, products after the JV is sitting at 2%, terminal is at 15%, CO2 is 14% and then KM Canada carrying a project that's a $5.4 billion is 40%.
John Edwards: Okay. And then just what has changed from the -- you said it came down about 1 billion was it mostly coming out of natural gas?
Rich Kinder: Yes it came down from 14.1 to 13.5 and so 600 million and there were projects that rolled into service. We also in the previous backlog did not have a Utopia JV assumption but the JV of Utopia had an impact on that it was part of the decline. And then as I mentioned we have restructured a contract with a customer actually boosted the return but that's also reduced the capital associated with that particular project and those are the three biggest things and then there were some fairly modest project additions that went the other way.
John Edwards: Okay. And then just my only other one is just can you quantify the amount of deficiency payments you are receiving?
Rich Kinder: I don't have that number. At that is not something we track separately so no.
John Edwards: All right, that's it from me thanks.
Operator: At this time speakers I show no further questions in queue.
Steve Kean: Okay. Well, thank you very much everybody. Have a good evening and thanks for dialing in for this.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-21 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Richard Kinder - Executive Chairman Steven Kean - President and CEO Kimberly Allen Dang - Vice President and CFO Tom Martin - President, Natural Gas Pipelines
Analysts: Jeremy Tonet - JPMorgan Chase Shneur Gershuni - UBS Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Brian Gamble - Simmons Darren Horowitz - Raymond James Kristina Kazarian - Deutsche Bank Ted Durbin - Goldman Sachs Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers John Edwards - Credit Suisse Becca Followill - US Capital Advisors Matthew Russell - Goldman Sachs Danilo Juvane - BMO Capital Markets Corey Goldman - Jefferies & Company Ross Payne - Wells Fargo
Operator: Welcome to the quarterly earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this point. Now, I’ll turn the meeting over Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. Sir, you may begin.
Richard Kinder: Okay, thank you, Shaun, and welcome to the KMI first quarter investor call. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that today’s earnings release and this call include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. We encourage you to read our full disclosure on forward-looking statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release, as well as review our latest filings with the SEC for a list of risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. I’ll start the call and before I turn it over to our CEO, Steve Kean, and our CFO, Kim Dang, I’d like to give you a quick overview of our strategy at KMI. The first point I would make is that this quarter’s results again demonstrate that we remain a strong generator of cash even in these chaotic times for the energy sector. Second, as we’ve said previously and at our meeting in January, we do not anticipate any requirement to access the equity markets for the foreseeable future. We also do not see any requirement to access the debt markets for the foreseeable future, except for rollovers in years subsequent to 2016. We’ve again reduced our expansion CapEx, Steve will take you through that, for 2016 and we expect that trend to continue in subsequent years through both high-grading our projects and entering into selective joint ventures. We expect to fund the necessary CapEx out of our cash flow and continue to improve our debt to EBITDA ratio, thereby preserving and strengthening our investment grade balance sheet. As our cash flow achieves those objectives, funding our CapEx and strengthening our balance sheet, we will obviously have excess cash which we will then use to either raise our dividend, purchase our shares, or for new projects and/or acquisitions, but only if they are solidly accretive to our distributable cash flow per share. And with that, I’ll turn it over Steve.
Steven Kean: Okay, thanks Rich. I’m going to hit on three topics before giving you some segment highlights for the quarter. First, an update to our capital projects and our expected growth spend for 2016, an update on our outlook for the balance of 2016 and some thoughts on our counterparty credit risk. With respect to the capital update, we announced today a reduction in our project backlog of $4.1 billion, so from $18.2 billion down to $14.1 billion. The two biggest adjustments are the removal of the Palmetto Pipeline project, which is a reduction of $550 million and the market portion of the NED project, which is a reduction of $3.1 billion. With respect to NED, we worked very hard; this is our Northeast Direct project, serving – or that would have served New England market. We worked very hard to get customer commitments on the project. And while many of our LDC customers did sign up, we did not receive enough contractual commitments from electric customers to make the project viable. So we will fulfill our obligation to consult with our customers over the next 30 days or so, but this project is not economic, so we’re removing it from the backlog. In both cases, NED and Palmetto, based on all the facts, we believe this is the right outcome for our investors. To be specific, the return on the NED project at the level of commitments that we have would be less than 6% unlevered after tax. That’s clearly not viable and we are far better off having that cash available for other uses, whether that’s continued and even accelerated delevering, other investment opportunities or returning value to shareholders. We value our New England customers and continue to believe along with many others that additional capacity is needed in the region, but we’ll have to look for other ways to serve some part of those needs. We didn’t get there on this one and the action we’re taking is undeniably the right call for our investors. We previously wrote off, I’ll remind you, our NED Supply project and we never had that one in the backlog. On the Palmetto pipeline, essentially the Georgia legislature prevented us from getting eminent domain and also prevented us from getting other state permits. We were making good progress with land acquisition even without eminent domain, but we needed other permits which Georgia has now put a moratorium on. We needed environmental permits, for example, which they’ve now put a moratorium on until mid 2017. So as a result, we are not moving forward with Palmetto. We had some other small adjustments to the backlog, including putting about $160 million worth of projects in service during the quarter. We had some cost changes which netted to a reduction of $254 million in the overall backlog and we had some other scope additions and removals which essentially offset each other. So looking at the bigger picture on our capital project spend, we continue to high-grade our capital investments to ensure that we’re securing our investment grade credit metrics and maximizing the returns we get for the capital that we do deploy. We’re aiming to reduce spend, improve returns, and selectively joint venture projects where that makes sense. We’ve reduced our expected 2016 spend by an additional $400 million to $2.9 billion. So that compares to the $3.3 billion that we projected in January for 2016, which in turn was $900 million down from the $4.2 billion that we projected in our preliminary 2016 guidance, which we sent out last December. So we’ve continued to work through our backlog and high-grade where we’re spending our capital. With respect to joint ventures, as we discussed at the January conference, we’d be pursuing these where they made sense that is where we could share the capital spending obligation on a particular project with a third party, get paid a reasonable value for having originated the opportunity, et cetera. Those processes are competitive and confidential, so only going to be able to give you limited details. But the summary is that the process is going well and we currently expect to achieve the results that we built into our plan. We’re also taking care to not be dependent on any one transaction. These processes can be unpredictable and we will be in a position to back away from a given transaction if acceptable value does not materialize. Overall, as we complete projects and further high grade the backlog, as Rich mentioned, we will free up cash that we can use to reduce debt, return cash to investors in the form of buybacks and dividends or invest in attractive projects or acquisitions or some combination of those. Now for the 2016 outlook update, we have looked at the potential impacts for the remainder of 2016 due to continued weakness in the sector. We now estimate on a full year basis for 2016 a negative impact of about 3% to the EBITDA that we showed in January. But because of our ongoing efforts to high grade our capital spend and to pursue the joint ventures where it makes sense, we expect to meet our investment grade credit metrics, notwithstanding the 3% reduction. That 3% EBITDA reduction translates into a 4% reduction in DCF. As the year goes on, we will try to mitigate that negative, but we are not assuming in this outlook any dramatic turnaround for our producer customers by the end of the year as some analysts have predicted. Now, we’re not happy about any negative to plan, but I think when you put this in the context of the dramatic production declines particularly in the Eagle Ford, which is down 28% on oil from its peak and 15% on gas and credit weaknesses, our business is really diversified and insulated from the full brunt of the weakness in the producing sector. So here are the two main contributors. A little under half of the deterioration is attributable to lower Eagle Ford volumes and those flow through both our midstream group in the gas business unit and also in our products group. And again this is all comparing to our original outlook, so this is not a year over year look. This is versus our January outlook that we presented at the conference. So a little over half attributable to the Eagle Ford; another 20% is attributable to the coal customer bankruptcies. So there are a lot of other pieces and Kim will take you through some additional details, but those are the two big chunks contributing to the degradation in the forecast. So while the current year outlook for North American energy production is experiencing weakness, we’re still bullish on the longer term. We believe that we’ll continue to see more of our North American energy needs met by North American energy production that will grow our exports; we’ve already been growing refined products, natural gas to Mexico. I think we’ll continue to see growth in natural gas and natural gas liquids exports. And those long-term trends are good for North American energy midstream companies like Kinder Morgan. Okay, the third general topic is counterparty credit. We’ve been monitoring counterparty credit very closely, but beyond monitoring we’ve been taking action, have been calling on collateral, putting other credit support arrangements in place. A few points about our particular circumstances. Given our diverse business mix, we’ve got a very broad and diverse customer base. We’ve got producer customers, of course, but we also have integrated energy companies, gas and electric utilities and industrial users of our services. We’re not exposed to any single sector, commodity or service. That diversifies our exposure, which reduces our risk. Our top 25 customers constitute 44% of our revenue. And of that revenue, 85% is investment grade. Of our total revenue, about 75% is investment grade or has substantial credit support and 86% is rated B or better. In our business, real exposure is more complicated than simply looking at our customers’ rating. In many cases, the rights our customers hold are valuable to third parties or essential to the revenue generating activities of those customers and therefore will be needed on an ongoing basis by the customer or in the worst case the debtor in possession in bankruptcy or a subsequent purchaser. We analyze all of those factors and mitigation to get to our credit concern list. Our identified credit concern list amounts to about 5% of revenue and about half of that is mitigated by credit support or underlying resale value of the capacity that the customers hold. And those numbers, that 5% and that half of five percent include Peabody, the Peabody bankruptcy which we’re now reflecting, so the going forward number is less than that. We’re reflecting Peabody, the Peabody bankruptcy in our forecast update. So in the segments, few highlights looking at the first quarter 2016 to Q1 of 2015. The overall summary is this. On an earnings before DD&A and certain items basis, three of our five business units grew year over year. Gas was up 4%; products pipelines was up 17%; terminals was up 2%; Kinder Morgan Canada would have been up year over year but for the effect of a weakening Canadian dollar; and CO2 was down 21% as a result of lower commodity prices and some lower production. On natural gas pipelines, we had very strong performance on TGP and the contributions from our Highland midstream acquisition. So we split the Highland acquisition between our midstream business unit in gas and our products pipelines for the Double H pipeline. So contributions from really, really strong performance on TGP and the contribution from our Highland midstream acquisition that we made in the first quarter of last year and those two things more than offset weakness in our other midstream assets and in our western pipelines. The midstream weakness is largely gathering and processing in the Eagle Ford, and on a year over year basis, gathering in the Haynesville. In the west, year over year growth on our [ET&G] system was more than offset by weakness in Cheyenne Plains, WIC, CIG and TransColorado as the fundamentals for bases pipes out of the Rockies continues to degrade. Natural gas needs for transportation and storage services, we believe, should grow over the medium and long term as power generation exports including L&G and exports to Mexico and pet chem and industrial demand continue to grow. Over the last two years, the gas group has entered into new and pending firm transport capacity commitments totaling 8.2 bcf and I think importantly about 1.8 bcf of that was existing previously unsold capacity. And we currently estimate that we move about 38% of the natural gas consumed in the United States on our pipeline. Moving to the products segment, the 17% year over year growth in segment earnings was driven by growth in KMCC, that’s our Crude and Condensate pipeline of Eagle Ford and the full quarter operation of the splitter, the first splitter in the Houston Ship Channel. We have both splitters up and running in the Houston Ship Channel. We also saw good refined products transportation growth, 2.3% increase year over year. And while Eagle Ford volumes have declined overall and we are projecting some decline on our assets as we look forward, we have seen volumes grow on our KMCC pipeline as projects have come on and we think that’s due to the pipe is in a great position, it’s serving a great part of that market, it has good upstream and downstream connectivity and good contracts. Now, we think we’ve just started to see some flattening in that pipeline. But if you think about what’s happened in the Eagle Ford overall, what we’ve done on this pipe is essentially dramatically grow our market share out of the basin on that pipe. CO2, we saw earnings before DD&A decline 20% year over year to $223 million for the quarter. Production net to our interests was down 7%. And I will point out SACROC was down, but [just you can] confirm this, but I think we had our highest quarter probably in the fourth quarter of 2014 at SACROC and then our next highest was in the first quarter of 2015. So a very strong quarter in 2015 that we’re comparing to our 2016 performance. The CO2 group has – while I also mentioned price, the weighted average realized price has declined about 18% year over year and of course that’s a big part of the explanation for the downturn on a year over year basis. CO2, on the bright side, CO2 group has been very diligent in reducing costs and husbanding our capital to the very highest available return opportunities. And I will say perhaps somewhat counterintuitively third party demand for CO2 under our arrangements with them has stayed strong or roughly flat year over year on CO2, notwithstanding the deterioration in commodity prices. Moving to terminals, terminals was up 2% year over year. Growth in this business came from expansions and acquisitions which slightly more than offset the weakness in our bulk business and that’s been driven primarily by bankruptcies of our coal customers. Most of our liquids terminal business is in refined products and we’ve continued to see high utilization and generally good pricing on rollovers and renewals there and we continue to have a very strong outlook for the great liquids terminals positions that we’ve built in the Houston Ship Channel and Edmonton. Kinder Morgan Canada, the Trans Mountain expansion project, so again, this is under long term contracts with customers. The three key areas of focus for us remain getting the NEB recommended order and the cabinet-level Order in Council from the federal process, consultation and accommodation with first nations and thirdly satisfaction of the BC government’s five conditions. We’re making progress on all three. With respect to the NEB, we got our draft conditions last August. We believe that they are manageable, but we did seek some important changes, particularly around the time required to approve certain portions of the build. We now have the outline of the further process to be conducted by the federal government during the Order in Council process, which is expected to result in a final order. They have scheduled the final order for December 20 of this year. We’re making good progress in meeting the consultation and accommodation obligations we have with the first nations and we’ve added mutual benefit agreements that bring us to a number, a majority of the bands that are most directly affected by the project actually supporting the project. On the five conditions, we’re still working on those. We are engaged actively with the BC government on those. The BC government is also going to be conducting an environmental review under their provincial process. We expect that both of those things will be concluded within the same time frame of the federal process, maybe not the same day, but within the same general time frame. And we have this project in the backlog and we are aiming for a 2019 completion, end of 2019 completion. And that’s it for the segment updates. With that, I’ll turn it over to Kim.
Kimberly Allen Dang: Okay, thanks, Steve. Today, we’re declaring a dividend of $0.125 per share. That’s consistent with our budget and the guidance we gave you in December of last year. But most importantly, we generated $954 million of DCF in excess of our dividend, which as Steve and Rich pointed out insulates us from the challenging capital markets and significantly enhances our credit profile. Let me explain what I mean when we say significantly enhances our credit profile. If you compare our coverage ratio and that’s DCF divided by the dividend, in the first quarter of last year which was 1.2 times versus the 4.4 times in the first quarter of this year, we have significantly more retained cash flow, approximately $750 million and therefore we have no capital markets risk to getting equity raised. In addition, our previous funding policy was to fund our expansion CapEx 50% equity and 50% debt. Now, we’re using 100% retained cash flow and therefore our balance metrics will improve more quickly than under our prior funding model. Before we get to DCF, let me point out a couple of things on a GAAP income statement. You will see that revenues, net income available to common shareholders and earnings per share are down. As I say many quarters, we do not believe that these measures or changes in these measures are necessarily a good predictor of our performance. We have some businesses where revenues and expenses fluctuate with commodity prices, but margin generally does not. In addition, these numbers can be impacted by non-cash nonrecurring accounting issues or what we call certain items. For example, if you look at revenues, revenues are down $402 million or 11%. However, if you strip out the certain items, with the primary certain item impacting revenues being the CO2 and the mark to market on our other hedges, revenues would be down $316 million. When you compare that $316 million to the $359 million reduction in cost of goods sold, gross margin is actually up. Again, that’s largely because we have some businesses where both revenues and expenses fluctuate with commodity prices. With respect to net income, if you strip out the certain items, and I’ll go through those with you in a minute, net income before certain items was $446 million compared to $445 million for the same period in 2015 or essentially flat. EPS before certain items, and here when you do EPS, earnings is defined as net income to common shareholders, so after the payment of the preferred, EPS before certain items was $0.18 versus the $0.12 that you see on the page for the first quarter of 2016 compared to $0.20 in the first quarter of 2015. So while stripping out certain items from earnings does help, we still believe that the best indicator of our performance is the cash we generate, which we measure as distributable cash flow and distributable cash flow per share. So let’s turn to the second page of the financials which I believe will give you a clear picture of our performance. We generated total DCF for the quarter of $1.233 billion versus the $1.242 billion for the comparable period in 2015. Therefore total DCF was down approximately $9 million, essentially flat between the two periods. The segments were up by $28 million as Steve mentioned or 1%, with the increases in natural gas and products which combined for an increase of $85 million, slightly offsetting the $58 million reduction in CO2, which was driven largely by lower crude price. The $28 million increase in the segment was offset by a $39 million increase in our preferred stock dividends. If you remember, we issued preferred stock in the fourth quarter of last year. Now, there are other moving parts, but if you take the $28 million from the segments offset by the $39 million, that gives you a decrease of $11 million versus a decrease in DCF that I mentioned of $9 million. So that gets you almost all of the change. DCF per share in the quarter was $0.55 versus $0.58 for the first quarter of last year. DCF per share was down slightly due to the additional shares we issued during 2015 to finance our growth projects and maintain our balance sheet. Therefore, despite an almost 30% decline in commodity prices versus the first quarter of last year, our performance was relatively flat and we believe that this demonstrates the resiliency of our cash flows generated by a large diversified platform of primarily fee based assets. There are a couple of certain items in the quarter that I want to highlight for you. Certain items in the quarter totaled $235 million loss on a pretax basis, about $132 million loss on an after tax basis. $170 million of the pretax loss was driven by the write off of costs associated with the NED market and the Palmetto project, which as Steve mentioned have also been removed from the backlog. $85 million was associated with losses on asset disposals and impairments in four of our business segments, with the most significant items being in CO2 and terminals. And CO2 is primarily associated with the write off of the CO2 recapture plant due to lack of expected volumes and in terminals it was due to lost business at three of our bulk terminals. There was a certain tax benefit of $103 million and that’s primarily just the tax impact of the certain items at approximately 35%. As Steve mentioned in the comments, we currently expect EBITDA for the year to be approximately 3% below our budget and DCF to be approximately 4% below. Now, for the first quarter, we did better than that with EBITDA about 2% below our budget and DCF about 1% below our budget. We believe our outlook is consistent with the current environment and producer decisions and we’re not assuming any improvement. Let me give you a little more granularity on expected segment performance for the full year versus our budget. We expect natural gas pipelines to come in approximately 2% below its budget, primarily as a result lower volumes, mainly in the Eagle Ford. The other factor impacting our natural gas for the full year is the delay on EEC, SNG pipeline expansion project as a result of the FERC certificate being about three months later than we anticipated. CO2 is expected to end the year on its budget. We expect prices to be essentially in line with our $38 per barrel in our budget and cost savings to offset any weakness in oil production or CO2 volumes. We expect terminals to end the year approximately 4% below its budget, primarily due to the impact of the Peabody bankruptcy. We currently expect products to be about 6% below its budget, primarily due to lower crude and condensate volumes on KMCC, Double H and Double Eagle. Right now, we are projecting KMC to be slightly below its budget for the full year due to higher book taxes, but remember the book taxes while they impact the segment have no impact on EBITDA or DCF. With respect to interest, cash taxes, G&A and sustaining CapEx, on a combined basis, those items are expected to come in slightly positive to budget or said another way generate a favorable variance, with the positives interest and sustaining CapEx more than offsetting the negatives on G&A and cash taxes. The negative variance on G&A is driven by lower capitalized overhead as a result of the lower expansion capital that Steve mentioned and interest expense is expected to be lower than budget due to lower LIBOR rates. And with that, I’ll move to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $41.555 billion and EBITDA for the trailing 12 months was about $7.4 billion, which results in a debt to EBITDA of about 5.6 times, consistent with where we ended the year last year. And as Steve mentioned, we still expect to end 2016 at 5.5 times, consistent with our budget. Our debt was up in the quarter, an increase in debt of about $330 million since the end of the last year. So let me reconcile that for you. We generated DCF in the quarter, as I mentioned a minute ago, of $1.233 billion. We spent about $700 million in CapEx, we spent about $245 million roughly on acquisitions, with almost all of that being associated with the BP acquisition and we contributed about $44 million to equity investments, about $990 million roughly attributable to our expansion CapEx program. We paid dividends of $279 million and then there were working capital and other items that were a use of roughly $300 million. When you look at the use of working capital, about – over $150 million of that was associated with accrued interest. And when I give you the DCF figure of $1.233 billion that has three months of accrued interest in it, but we make interest payments twice a year. We make them primarily in the first quarter and the third quarter and so we make cash interest payments in the first quarter attributable to six months. So you have a working capital use associated with that incremental six months of cash going out the door, which is different from the three months of accrual that’s in DCF. The other working capital use in the quarter was primarily associated with property tax and there’s probably about $100 million associated with that. Again, we have about three months of property tax accrual in the quarter. By the time you get to the end of the year, you have 12 months of accrual, but a lot of our property tax payments are made for the full year in January. And therefore, relative to DCF, you have a working capital use in the quarter. In future quarters, you will have a working capital source. And that gets you to about $330 million increase in debt. And so with that, I’ll turn it back to Rich.
Richard Kinder: Okay. And at this time, Shaun, we will take questions that people may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeremy Tonet, JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: I was just wondering if you – as far as the guidance reduction, what were the different drivers there, if you could walk through that just one more time for us that would be helpful.
Steven Kean: I’ll start with the two big pieces and then Kim has some additional detail. But as I said, about just – a little under half of it, a little under 50% of the reduction is attributable to lower Eagle Ford volumes than what we had in the plan. So I talked about volumes being up year over year, but versus what we had in the plan, we had lower Eagle Ford volumes. And that impact – that’s trying to sum up everything. So that is on our Eagle Ford gathering system itself, on our [TK header line] and the processing facility. It’s also volumes that we’re entering into our Texas Intrastate system that we expected to be able to move on that system and collect transport fees. So it’s kind of from end to end almost on the Eagle Ford volumes through our Texas assets. The other place where we have exposure of the Eagle Ford volumes is in our products pipelines where we have the KMCC pipeline and the splitter. And we’d expected the splitter in our plan to run a little bit above its contract minimums. We have good contracts with good protection there. It’s running – we’re expecting to kind of just run at the minimums, which are pretty good. I mean, it’s a pretty high percentage of the capacity of the facility, but we had budgeted a little bit more there. And KMCC, we expect we’re now going to start to see some volumetric decline on that. Again, that’s all versus plan. So that’s a little – if you just say – and look, there are lots of different ways to rack up these numbers, but that’s – those factors, the Eagle Ford volumes as they impact two of our business units amount to about half, a little less than half of the adjustment. Another 20% is attributable to the coal company bankruptcy. So those are the two very big pieces.
Jeremy Tonet: And then as far as the decision to take NED off now versus later, can you just walk through the timing to it? And then also just if you’re looking to high grade the growth CapEx backlog, are there any other items that are kind of coming under closer scrutiny that you could point us towards or you kind of feel like where the backlog is right now is a good place for where you want it to be?
Steven Kean: So on the first point and I want to separate that a little bit from the high grading discussion because, look, we gave it our all on NED. I mean, we pursued customers hard, we pursued approvals hard. In the end, the customer commitments just weren’t there. Now, that makes the project uneconomic not surprisingly and that’s why I wanted to specify the return for you. It’s apparent, it’s objectively apparent that the project is not economically a viable project at that customer sign up level. And so we said at the conference we’re going to make a big push in the first quarter to try to get customer commitments in and sell down some of the equity to customers, not a lot of takers at that return as you might expect and so we put on a hard push to try to get done and it’s just not forthcoming. We have one significant prospective customer who determined to put their volume someplace else and that was a significant negative for the project. So that’s how we got to that decision in the time that we’re talking about now, but I want to go back and underscore again from an investor standpoint, in light of that return, we are a lot better off with that $3.1 billion back in our pockets and being put to some other use. The project wasn’t going to produce the return that would be required to make it viable, because again the contracts weren’t there. We’re better off having that money back. I think if you look through the rest of the backlog, my guess is we’ll find some bits and pieces here and there that will either will save some money on or may change the timing a little bit. I still think those are high probability projects though and ones that we want to build out and do and they contribute to our DCF per share growth that we’re aiming to achieve by building it out.
Kimberly Allen Dang: And just to underscore the average, the year one EBITDA multiple on the projects in the backlog excluding CO2, so as we said on CO2, we look at the project at the time we enter into, I mean, it’s a forward curve at that time and we target at least a 15% unlevered after tax return. But on the non-CO2 projects, the average year one multiple, EBITDA multiple is 6.7 times.
Jeremy Tonet: And then one last one if I could, just curious how you guys think about high level now as far as – with the backlog standing at $14 billion, the size of the entity as it is right now, what type of EBITDA growth do you guys see yourself being able to achieve? Is there anything different than what you guys have communicated historically as far as base growth that this business can throw off?
Richard Kinder: One very simple way to look at it is take the 6.7 multiple off of $14.1 billion and divide that by the number of shares outstanding and you can see what that works out to be. And it’s $0.70, $0.75 per share.
Kimberly Allen Dang: You take out the CO2 from the $14.1 billion and then you’ll get roughly – it’s going to be in the range of $1.8 billion and all but [$175 million] is incremental to 2016.
Operator: Next question on queue is coming from Shneur Gershuni of UBS.
Shneur Gershuni: First question just a follow up on the discussion on CapEx, when I look at it for 2016, you’ve now revised it lower again, which I guess is good in this environment. You also mentioned that in terms of pulling NED out about how you’re focusing on returns, I think you’d made a general comment about just trying to high grade returns and so forth. The change this year, how much is related just to the removal of NED and Palmetto verses – have there been any improvements in costs, are you able to beat up your contractors a little bit further to improve returns? I was wondering if you can also talk about I guess on a delta basis what the impact would be of the removal of NED and Palmetto on the 2017 budget? I realize that obviously that has not been presented, but just what the delta of what you would have expected to spend on those two projects in 2017?
Steven Kean: I don’t have the 2017 CapEx numbers. I think Palmetto – and I’m speaking with respect to the backlog, so Palmetto was about $550 million and of course NED was about [$3.3 billion]. So that explains most of the backlog reduction. On the CapEx front, it’s a mix of things. We had some spend for NED in there, but we don’t really have construction spend for NED in 2016. So that would not have been a huge component of the $3.1 billion and Palmetto was primarily a land acquisition and maybe the start of construction. So it was not just those, it was also – we got cost reductions; we had other projects that we moved. As we said at the beginning of the year we made some JV assumptions as well.
Richard Kinder: We have one project, the timing has moved out on.
Shneur Gershuni: The cost reductions, is that something that we can see more on a go forward basis, because it was interesting you used the language of improving returns or if that’s just totally about high grading?
Steven Kean: It’s a number of things. So we have seen – so a lot of our focus now is on build outs of our existing network and we have seen some improvement in returns partly because we’ve made scope refinements and other cost reductions that call it more market oriented, it’s costing less to do things now than it did in the more heated environment and we’ve also added customers to some of our expansions. One example I’m thinking of is on our Texas Intrastate. So we’re marching – so in other words, even within an individual project, we’re trying to march returns up by doing those three things: optimizing scope, reducing cost and adding revenue.
Shneur Gershuni: And then I was wondering if you can just sort of turn to Trans Mountain a little bit, I mean obviously you took NED out because of returns issue. At this stage right now, is Trans Mountain at risk for the same thing regardless of what happens on the approval process or are the returns that you expect, you know what, it’s your latest update, does it look – is it close to your return hurdles, well above your return hurdle and I was wondering if you can comment about some of the comments that the Canadian government made last week with respect specifically to pipelines, do you view that as a positive or do you just sort of continue your focus as this?
Steven Kean: Huge, huge difference between NED and Trans Mountain. Trans Mountain is under contract. That’s an enormous difference. We were fighting to get NED under contract and didn’t get there. Trans Mountain has the contracts in place, 20-year contracts for 93% of the volume and the other 7% is on a 15-year contract. So long term contracts and look the overall picture, I mean, the overall picture in Canada is notwithstanding very, very difficult [net backs] up there, right. They are taking a very long view, producers are taking a long view and they’re finishing out projects that they’re well into and the oil sands become a very stable source of production. It’s not like the shales where it ramps, you get a high ramp up in the beginning and it falls off rapidly, so there’s an actual projection of an increase in production in Canada. At the same time, the transport options out of Canada are becoming more limited. So our customers still want to do this project and we do too and the returns are good. Switching to the public opinion or the governmental outlook, I would say just very broadly that the tone of the comments in the public arena up there are improving. I think that there is a recognition that getting Canadian natural resources to points where they can be exported and no longer dependent upon solely the US market is a good thing across Canada. And that’s starting to show up as people are being constructive about, okay, we need to approve projects, we want to approve them with – we want to have the right conditions and the right process around that approval, but there’s been a switch I think toward, momentum toward getting the project approved. Now, I’ll say that with an important caveat. We don’t know what their conditions ultimately are going to be in the end and we’ll have to make an assessment of that when it’s all in. We certainly have a good handle on what the NED proposed conditions are going to look like, but we don’t know what if any other conditions may be imposed. So we’re going to have to watch for that very carefully, but we’ve got good returns, good underlying customer support and contractual support and an improving tone, I think, in the in the public sector today.
Shneur Gershuni: And one last final question, if I may. Earnings up year over year and if you sort of take out some of your negative charges related to coal bankruptcies up a little bit more, I was wondering if you can sort of break down how much the delta is due to acquisitions for example like Highland verses some of your growth projects coming online? Is that a good way for us to assess the returns relative to the CapEx that was spent last year?
Steven Kean: I don’t have a breakdown of what is attributable and aggregate to expansions and acquisitions. But I mean I think you can assume it’s probably more than that year over year change.
Kimberly Allen Dang: But I think you can also just include the capital from the acquisitions in your denominator you’re trying to get a return. We think about our acquisitions as investing capital and it’s important to get returns on that capital as on the expansion CapEx.
Shneur Gershuni: Absolutely. I was just more trying to figure out if the returns were higher from organic versus your acquisitions and so forth?
Kimberly Allen Dang: Generally that is the case.
Steven Kean: Yes, generally yes. In the acquisition context, you look a little differently at something that’s already up and running, already producing cash flow versus a start from scratch investment and an expansion where you’re going to be putting money out before you see the cash in and you’ve got construction risk and other things to take into account. So you generally aim for higher return.
Operator: Next question is coming from Brandon Blossman of Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.
Brandon Blossman: I’ll start smaller line item, but interesting nevertheless, I think. NGPL, there’s a little bit of balance sheet support there during the quarter, any incremental color available on how that balance sheet progresses over time on a look forward basis and EBITDA expectations as we move through the year into next year and maybe some incremental contracts of that pipe?
Kimberly Allen Dang: Generally, I mean, we contributed $311.5 million. That contribution is the original $3.3 billion expansion CapEx budgeted, it is in the $2.9 billion revised. So all taken into account and our guidance generally versus 2015, NGPL’s EBITDA is increasing as a result of some of the expansion projects that it is bringing on line.
Brandon Blossman: And Kim, any expectation of incremental support there or does it look good on a go forward basis?
Kimberly Allen Dang: No expectation for further contributions in 2016. And in 2017 and beyond, we’ll just have to evaluate that as we get there.
Brandon Blossman: And then I think Steve you mentioned some other alternatives to getting gas to the northeast other than the Northeast Direct, is there anything that we could look to or think about in terms of alternate strategies there or incremental projects that may be possible?
Steven Kean: I’ll give you a couple things, but then – and Tom if you have anything to add. I mean, I think we haven’t even – we’ve just barely started those discussions and so it’s just too early to give you anything that’s very specific. I do think that one general observation is that the NED project had scale and so the tariff was better likely than what smaller project development tariffs would be. So it’s not likely to – it’s not going to be anything that’s going to add up in the end to an NED size project. It’ll be bits and pieces here and there. Tom, is that...
Tom Martin: Yes, that’s a fair assessment. I mean, we’ll just have to work with particularly our LDC customers and see what we can do on an expansion of the existing [PTP] system and see if there’s something there that works. But probably there is need both in the near term and ultimately we believe in the long term in the region, but we’ll just try to scale up with that demand as it develops.
Brandon Blossman: And then as a follow up on that one, this is a big picture question, not Kinder specific, but just generally about Northeast infrastructure, any comments that you care to put out there in terms of projects that are needed, but contrasted against producer balance sheets and the ability to kind of backstop those projects, do you see any issues over the next two or three years in terms of getting gas out of the basin?
Steven Kean: I think it’s obviously harder for producers to commit and we’re seeing that in our business to commit to large expansions, to move gas out of the basin. I think on the other side of the – the other end of the pipe, I mean, we think and a lot of other third parties have pointed out that the New England market needs natural gas and needs additional natural gas. And so we think that need is already there. But there is a regulatory process that has to get sorted out up there for how the power part of the business is going to procure the needs for their generating assets. And that’s been a work in progress and who knows when they ultimately get that resolved. So there’s definitely less producer push activity for anything large. And we think on the demand side infrastructure is still needed, but they’ve got to come to terms with how it can get contracted for.
Operator: The next question on queue is coming from Brian Gamble of Simmons & Company.
Brian Gamble: I wanted to start on the NED project and if you just finished up chatting about that, when you mentioned essentially the commitment level is not enough from the electric customers, was there any single reason Steve that you can point to is kind of the biggest reason for non-commitment and then any color you want to give on why that one specific customer that you mentioned went a different direction would obviously be helpful, just to get a little flavor for what’s going on up in that market?
Steven Kean: I’m not sure I want to get into that customer’s particular thinking and thought process and the choice they made. I think that the main thing from our standpoint is we needed that and we needed additional sign up. And the insight into why we didn’t get it, we don’t think it had anything to do with the quality the project, it’s a good quality project. We think it relates to the thing I closed the last answer with which is that the processes up there just have not fully formed in a way that will allow the electric generation load that needs firm natural gas infrastructure on a long term basis to get approved and costs passed through. And so I think those are the two things that really kept us from getting where we needed to go on the electric part of the business, not because that was in theory already in our proposal.
Brian Gamble: And then on the impact to the 2016 outlook, you walked through the Eagle Ford volumes and where they’re hitting your system. Stepping back from that, why do you think those volumes are lower? Do you think from your previous expectation it’s lower activity level in the basin or do you think you’re getting lower contribution from existing wells, so the decline curves are higher or is it a combination?
Steven Kean: It’s really lower activity. I mean I think the rig count there is 40% below what we were looking at and thinking about in October. And so it doesn’t mean it can’t come back at some point, there’s oil window, there’s an NGL window and all this is associated production, the gas that’s coming out is associated gas. But I think that takes commodity price recovery for people to come back and start deploying rigs and completing wells and the rest of it.
Richard Kinder: It’s a nationwide phenomenon. I think we gave figures at the start which you might get again, the decline built in oil...
Steven Kean: Oil was down 28% from its peak, gas 15% and so there are big declines. I mean, again I think KMCC’s resilience has been surprising and it’s really driven by the fact and you see this in the Bakken too that there are some places which are really core that there’s still some activity going on and that’s kept KMCC at relatively lofty volume levels comparatively, but the overall basin is in decline and will be until there’s price recovery that draws the rigs back out.
Brian Gamble: And what type of rig changes are you expecting from where we are today that’s baked into the new guidance?
Steven Kean: We just assumed that things did not improve and built in kind of an observed decline rate going forward and so we didn’t – so our numbers don’t translate into rig counts or numbers just like a continued decline rate, an extrapolation from current decline rate.
Brian Gamble: So I’d assume that Eagle Ford production from current levels continues to degrade throughout the year?
Steven Kean: Yes.
Brian Gamble: And then you touched on some of the progress from a JV standpoint, you gave a little color there, really just wanted to kind of touch on big picture, nothing specific, but the general attitude of third parties since the beginning of the year, any color you can give us on any changes that you’ve seen, any improvements, people that are more pessimistic than they were, what direction are they trending?
Richard Kinder: I think all we can say is that the response to our JVs has been positive. And as Steve said, we anticipate getting completed what we talked about earlier in the year and what we have in our book.
Operator: The next question on queue is coming from the line of Darren Horowitz of Raymond James.
Darren Horowitz: Two quick questions for me. Kim, the first one on gas pipes, regarding that contract renewal deterioration that you discussed a few quarters ago, if you back out the Eagle Ford and the SNG expansion project issues, how much of that 2% segment profit shift is coming from areas where re-contracting is an issue like in the Rockies on either WIC or CIG?
Kimberly Allen Dang: So you’re asking about the 2% versus our plan down for the year?
Darren Horowitz: Right.
Kimberly Allen Dang: There is maybe less than 10% that’s coming out of the Rockies pipes and it’s primarily associated with CIG.
Darren Horowitz: And outside of any of the intrastate systems, just across the aggregate asset landscape, is there any other material re-contracting work or otherwise that we should be watching over the next 12 months?
Steven Kean: I think I’ll probably refer – in our conference presentation, I think we had a sensitivity over the years that this would be – I think this was actually in the appendix, right.
Richard Kinder: Darren, we have those numbers in, here it is, yes, so 2017 total TPG and this is stated in terms of our share of re-contracting exposure, 0.7% 2017 and 1.3% 2018. And I think, look, that’s probably attributed a fair amount to the Rockies assets.
Darren Horowitz: And then last question either for you Steve or Rich, with regard to this common theme of being focused on return for equity holders here and obviously recognizing the ability to fund 100% of the growth projects with retained cash for the next few years that being at the top of the priority list, what is the quantitative target on leverage that you’re looking to achieve before you consider enhancing that equity value and also your preference between share buybacks, dividend increases or maybe a balance between both?
Richard Kinder: Well, let me answer the first question first and that is we remain consistent with what we said previously that as we promised the rating agencies we will be in the range of 5.5 going down to 5 times debt to EBITDA and we would anticipate achieving the bottom end of that range on a going forward basis. With regard to the second thing that will be a decision that we will make as that cash flow comes to fruition. And at that time, we would just look at all the factors and see what makes sense. I think it’s an enviable position to be and I feel that way as a large shareholder. And we’ll look at it. If it makes the most sense to buy back shares at that time, we will buy them back. I can tell you if the prices are where it is today, $19, we would buy it back. But we’ll see where the price is and see what the market looks like and whether we benefit our shareholders in a better way by buying back their shares or by raising the dividend. But we’ll have the capacity to do either one if we want to do that once we get more funding of our capital projects done and once we get our balance sheet in shape we want to get it in.
Operator: The next question on queue will come from the line of Kristina Kazarian of Deutsche Bank.
Kristina Kazarian: Thanks for the update on the backlog numbers. From my mind, it makes sense on those removals. But when I’m taking that lower backlog now and thinking about looking in a little longer term towards 2017 and especially with your comments you just made Rich in terms of getting to that 5 times number, do I now have line of sight on getting to that maybe in 2017 time frame or am I thinking a little too ahead of myself there?
Richard Kinder: We’ll just see how everything comes together and we want to get these joint ventures closed, we want to look at all of the high grade, we want to see exactly what comes out over the remainder of the year. But certainly, we’re getting closer to getting to that happy sun meadow where we can afford to make those choices.
Kristina Kazarian: And then when I am in that happy sun meadow at the end of 2017 on my numbers that means in 2018 I could have those conversations which you mentioned in the beginning of the call more strategically around growth than buybacks or deciding out on longer term additional incremental projects and stuff like that, right?
Richard Kinder: I think that’s right.
Kristina Kazarian: And then my next question is we’ve had a bunch of conversations with peer – or you had a bunch of peers out there as well talking about contract written negotiations [in lines of] maybe given up on fees in return for longer term contracts or acreage dedication, can you just touch on what you guys are seeing on your side?
Steven Kean: Interestingly, we’re kind of in a net positive right now on the contract renegotiation front. We went through a process in our Highland midstream assets of – I think the easiest way to think about it is we had a deal to enable us to hook up more production out there and that was advantageous to the producers as well as to us. We fixed our fees and took commodity exposure off and the producer wanted that, wanted to have the commodity upside. But the bottom line for us is we improved our position on a 2016 basis and improved our fee recoveries on those renegotiated contracts. So we’re up so far this year. Now, other customers do approach us in the gas group occasionally on contract restructurings. So far we haven’t had to do anything that we didn’t want to do, meaning finding something that had mutual benefit, finding incremental revenues that we could – I’m sorry, incremental volumes that we could put on. At the same time, we made some concession that they wanted. So I think they’ve been generally win-win situations, Tom, and so I think a pretty good story so far for us.
Tom Martin: And we’ve done some credit enhancements.
Steven Kean: We’ve done credit enhancements as part of the trade too.
Kristina Kazarian: And can you maybe talk in terms of credit enhancements, I know you mentioned earlier about conversations with customers asking them to put some more collateral, just how those are going, have you had any resistance on that side or just any color on that?
Steven Kean: We’ve pulled a lot of collateral and we’ve also done some other alternative things. We have interactions with customers sometimes in a number of places where we can put netting arrangements in place, for example. Some of our producers, the cash flows through us before we net their recovery out and so we have other ways of enhancing our credit position. And I think to me at least the instructive number is what I said. We net everything through comp all of our collateral up, look at our position and the underlying value of the capacity. If the customer decided they didn’t want it and went into bankruptcy, we see our credit concern list amounting to about 5% of revenue and about half of that is mitigated. And as I said, that already included the Peabody and so that’s now out of our forecast. So the going forward number is very small.
Operator: Next question on queue is coming from Ted Durbin of Goldman Sachs.
Ted Durbin: Just on Elba, can you just walk us through the milestones that we should be looking for? And I think you said that you pushed out some of the timing on the CapEx for this project this year.
Steven Kean: The big upcoming milestone is May when we expect to get our FERC certificate and a milestone that just recently passed that we, I think, mentioned in the investor conference is we – well, it’s announced publicly, so our contract with IHI, so they’ll be our engineering procurement and construction contractor. That’s a good milestone for us to get behind us that takes care of a lot of the construction risk. So we’re looking for our FERC authorization upcoming in the next month and we have our EPC contract behind us.
Ted Durbin: And what do you need still left on the FERC certificate, you have the EA, I think, but what’s left exactly?
Steven Kean: So they circulate it for inter-agency comment and we had hoped that, in fact, Kim mentioned the delay in – the impact of the delay on our Elba Express and SNG expansions that are hurting the south pipeline group in 2016. What happened essentially is FERC put together all of the – on the same timeline, all of the certificate discussions. So we ended up with that delay as those projects were dragged into the overall Elba conversation, I guess, you’d say. What they’re doing right now is they’re getting inter-agency commentary. We’ve spent a lot of time with those agencies. We think we’ve addressed, we think that the concerns are largely addressed and that’s the part of the process that they’re in now. So we do expect to get a 7C certificate in May.
Ted Durbin: And then if I can just ask, again just coming back to the JVs, there’s something you’re still pushing forward there even though you’ve dropped the backlog a lot, I guess, at some point we are going to run into a lack of growth potentially given delays in Trans Mountain and what not, how are you thinking philosophically about, do you back off of that if anything else falls out of the backlog, wanting to JV these projects. And then if you can give us a sense of the returns that your JV partners would look for on an unlevered basis?
Steven Kean: I’m not sure I can give you one of the latter other than to emphasize what Rich said, which is there’s a lot of interest out there, so there is a fair amount of competition for people wanting to invest in these. We’re maintaining flexibility. We think that the JVs that we’re pursuing do make sense and making sense in two ways, one is getting someone else to share the capital burden on the development end of it, but also we do believe that we will see a nice promote, nice compensation if you will for having originated the project and that helps boost our return on the capital that we do deploy. So in other words, Ted, I think we think that these make, the ones that we’re pursuing make sense and we expect to continue to pursue them.
Operator: The next question on queue will come from the line of Craig Shere of Tuohy Brothers Investment Research.
Craig Shere: Not to beat a dead horse with regards to the JV funding, but Steve, I think in your earlier answer to Jeremy, you kind of noted that NED was obviously expected to have some JV partner CapEx support. With NED gone, can you quantify how much in terms of as yet uncommitted but budgeted JV dollars are left in the budget?
Steven Kean: We haven’t really included, we did attempt to get JV partners on NED, but we never really included that in our outlook. As I said at the conference we had kind of two placeholder numbers, two placeholder JV opportunities and it won’t be – it won’t match perfectly what we had in the original outlook in terms of which ones we pursue. But we expect to meet our targets for what the JVs will do for us this year in terms of our capital, a reduced capital spend.
Craig Shere: And in terms of juicing the returns on CapEx you do spend because of your value you get from originating the projects with JV partners, do you see this simply taking projects already earning 15% plus and juicing it all the more or do you see it taking projects that initially may not have been up to those standards, but can be pushed to those standards with the JVs?
Steven Kean: I mean, I think we first start by looking at what we need to do for our balance sheet metrics, but we do keep an eye on what the longer term impact of the JV decision is. And we are picking projects that I think are attractive returns and that other people will find to be attractive returns, but we think that we can make better use of the capital that comes in from their participation in the JV, meaning them buying into the project and funding the CapEx. We can redeploy that in any of the ways that Rich mentioned better. So I think it’s kind of both things that you are saying.
Operator: Next question on queue is coming from John Edwards of Credit Suisse.
John Edwards: Just a couple quick ones for me, I’m just curious how much – what was – maybe I missed it, what the write up amount was for NED and Palmetto?
Kimberly Allen Dang: It’s about $100 million on NED and it was $65 million – $64 million on Palmetto.
Steven Kean: Pretax.
John Edwards: And so you’re looking at that in terms of – how does that flow through on your budget, is it you’re looking it as kind of a non-cash item or is it hitting the EBITDA budget, is that part of the 3%, how should I think about that?
Kimberly Allen Dang: We’ve set that aside as a certain item. And so you can see that on the certain items on the project write off, there’s $170 million and I just gave you $165 million of it.
John Edwards: And then I’m just curious you know, you brought the CapEx number down to $2.9 billion, is the bias here to reduce the CapEx budget more or I mean do you think you’re going to go forward here around this level?
Steven Kean: I think we believe this is a reasonable estimate here, but we will keep looking at it. And ideally what we’d like to do John is keep finding ways to save cost, improve scope, add customers to project to boost returns. So we’ll continue to look at it to improve it. We are authorizing small additional projects, they’re very small, they have very good returns that build up on our existing network, but this number reflects all of that along with the reductions that we’ve been talking about on the call. So I think this is a reasonable estimate. There’s the possibility of taking a little bit more out of it, but this is a reasonable estimate to use.
John Edwards: As far as taking a little bit more out of it, I mean do you think that’s going to come more from project deferrals or more cost reductions, how are you thinking there?
Steven Kean: I think it will be more within the project. In other words, we look at the project and it gets delayed or deferred or we find a cost saving in it.
John Edwards: And then with crude oil prices improving here obviously off mid quarter, we’re up about 50% or so, I mean what’s your read on customer mood now? I mean, is it cautiously optimistic, people still resisting project proposals or what’s the read through you guys you’re getting?
Steven Kean: I think that they’re being cautious about their next move. I think they want to see generally they wanted to see some additional recovery and see some stability in that recovery. I also think that as a group they’ve made themselves very, very flexible. I mean they are updating their outlook and updating their decision making. It’s no longer an annual process. It seems like it’s a biweekly process or something now as they’re looking at things which suggests that when they do decide to turn things back up, they’ll be able to turn it back up relatively quickly. But look, as I said before, people signing up for a long term multi hundred million dollar or a billion dollar infrastructure on the producer side, I don’t think that that’s in the cards in the near term.
Operator: Next question on queue will come from the line of Becca Followill of US Capital Advisors.
Becca Followill: Believe it or not, there’s still questions. Broad Run was delayed a year, can you guys talk about that a little bit, why the delay on that project?
Steven Kean: That was the Broad Run expansion project, so we have the first tranche of Broad Run in and that’s up and running. We talked to our primary customer there, Antero, about whether they still wanted to pursue the expansion project. They did, but they were interested in and we were interested in a delay in it. So we mutually agreed to a delay.
Becca Followill: And then along the same veins of the answer to the last question, in your CO2 business, at what point do you start to put capital back to work and what kind of commodity prices do you need to see?
Steven Kean: We have capital going to work there right now. We have just elevated the return criteria to, as Kim said, 15% unlevered after tax or better. We actually approved a project today that had a 43% return. These are small. The capital program on CO2 is now just a little over $200 million, but we continue to approve small program spends in the CO2 group. And I think that the easiest way to think about it, Becca, is where we’ve got an existing flood that’s up and running and so what we’re doing is using shared facilities, maybe adding an injector, converting a current producing well to an injector, drilling a new producing well, we’ve got all the other facilities, all the central facilities in place. The return on the incremental capital spend that we make is still attractive. Now, if you’re talking about a brand new CO2 flood and getting one of those started, that’s ways off. I think you need to see a fair amount of oil price recovery before you start to see 50, 55, you need to see significant oil price recovery before you start to see that.
Becca Followill: And then last question on interest expense, certain item of $69 million in interest expense, can you help us out with what that was?
Kimberly Allen Dang: On the interest expense is that the fair value accounting, okay, so Becca, when we – and that should be a recurring certain item that happens every quarter. When we acquire other companies and assume their debt, we have to fair value that debt. And once we fair value that debt, then the interest expense that we recognize is not the same as the interest expense that is on the note and the interest expense that we pay. And so we classified the difference as a certain item.
Operator: Next question on queue is coming from the line of Matthew Russell of Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Russell: I understand the stance on funding CapEx through cash flows, but just given the recent strength that we’ve had in the credit markets, any reason you don’t consider tapping the debt markets that have had $3 billion you have maturing in 2017?
Kimberly Allen Dang: We’ll continue to watch the market and if we think it makes sense we may do that at some point. But obviously we don’t need to.
Steven Kean: I think that we don’t need to, but we have the ability to if it looks advisable.
Matthew Russell: And then just thinking about the leveraging strategy more broadly, sitting at 5.5 times at the end of this year with $42 million in debt, the simple math is you could take out $4.5 million of debt and that would get you to 5 times or you could grow $900 million of EBITDA. How do you see that mix between debt pay down and EBITDA growth playing out to get you to that 5 times?
Kimberly Allen Dang: I think it’ll be a combination of the fact that we’re finding everything with 100% retaining cash flows, so 100% equity and then EBITDA that comes on line from the projects.
Operator: Next question on queue is coming from the line of Danilo Juvane of BMO Capital.
Danilo Juvane: With respect to the 6.7 times multiple, are there opportunities for you guys to continue to realize cost reductions and scope improvements to get that even lower?
Steven Kean: I don’t think they’re dramatic, right, but we continue – we look at our projects every month within the business unit, certain of them are looked at every week and we’re pressing our vendors fairly hard to get concessions on construction costs, equipment and materials. We have found scope that it turns out on closer examination we don’t need or we don’t need right away and so we can either defer or eliminate those. And it’s just part of our normal process too. I mean, we ramped it up a little bit here, but I mean it’s just part of the normal review process to look for those. But they’re not huge, they may be material to an individual project, but not huge in the overall scheme of things. But I think we’ll keep finding them.
Danilo Juvane: Last question for me, what was the CO2 CapEx for the quarter?
Steven Kean: CO2 CapEx for the quarter, hang on, it looks like about $55 million.
Operator: Next question on queue is coming from the line of Chris Sighinolfi, we have Corey Goldman of Jefferies.
Corey Goldman: Just a quick follow up to Shneur’s question on TMX. So it looks as though NED pushed its final approval back seven months. Steve, can you just confirm it’s just a one quarter delay on the in-service there?
Steven Kean: We’re still aiming for end of – think of it as very end of 2019. So we had been looking at late third quarter and yeah it’s about a three month delay.
Corey Goldman: And so I think this was a question asked on the third quarter earnings call, but given that some of the shippers do have an opt out if cost begin to creep, is there a specified date that you guys have in mind in which you want to decide go, no-go before or do you think shippers will have a go, no-go decision if and when those costs begin to creep up?
Steven Kean: Let me lay out what the process is. So in the – we’ll be getting – again we have – we’re looking at costs right now, but we’ll have our final conditions and know what all of our obligations are going to be, we think December, January, right. I mean, it’s December for the federal process to conclude and I think again out in that same time frame we will understand where we are with British Columbia. And then after that, we owe our customers an updated cost estimate. So you’re talking about – your question about timing that’s really kind of a first quarter of next year event. We don’t have an update on the 6.8 because we’re still evaluating what we think the projects are going to cost us, what the project is going to cost us and it will be a bit dependent upon the conditions. I think a couple things. One is that there is some cost pressure, the Canadian dollar has weakened relative to the US dollar. A lot of the goods and services are provided in US dollar terms, so there’s been some pressure there. There have been some conditions that we’ve agreed to and that have been added over time which has put some pressure on. But I think at the end of the day what matters is do the customers want the project and we still have very strong interest from our shippers in the project and we even have interest from shippers who are not currently customers, potential customers who are not currently shippers on the project. So we talk about this all the time, but I think this is still a project that our customers want.
Corey Goldman: And then Kim, if you can, can you just – I think you guys are alluding to some movement in the CO2 volumes as it relates to 2016 and perhaps beyond, can you just provide us an update on the hedges and then the price there from the analysts data if any?
Kimberly Allen Dang: So in 2017, we have 51% hedged at $68 and 2018 it’s 36% at $72; 2019, it’s 24% at $60; and in 2020, it’s 6% at $49.
Corey Goldman: And 2016?
Kimberly Allen Dang: This year, this is for the remainder of 2016, we’re 77% hedged at [$63.55].
Corey Goldman: And then just if you can, last question for me, if you can remind me, of the $14.1 billion growth CapEx that you still have, how much of that considered overhead?
Steven Kean: 5%.
Corey Goldman: Is that 5%?
Steven Kean: Yes, 5%.
Corey Goldman: So it’s not a huge amount, but would you recommend capitalizing that at 6.7 times multiple you’re referring to kind of including that in there?
Kimberly Allen Dang: Yes.
Steven Kean: We’re including that.
Kimberly Allen Dang: Yes, we’re including that one, we are using the full $14.1 billion which includes overhead, less the CO2 CapEx. And then that’s the 6.7 times multiple on that capital.
Operator: The next question on queue is coming from Ross Payne of Wells Fargo.
Ross Payne: And Rich, thank you so much for your clarification on the leverage. And you guys are obviously going to get to 5.5 times by the end of the year, moving towards the 5.0. Can you speak to what is the progression for 2017 and 2018, when do you need to be at 5.0, what do you expect in 2017 in terms of your leverage metrics as well?
Kimberly Allen Dang: Ross, we haven’t done 2017 plan yet and so I don’t have a projection for you for exactly when we will get to the 5.0 time. But I think over the next couple of years, we will get to the target and that’s what Rich was referencing at that point that we will make a decision what to do with excess cash flow beyond that point.
Ross Payne: Do the credit agencies have certain levels that they have in mind for 2017 and 2018, or they just thrown out of 2016 and then a general migration to the 5?
Kimberly Allen Dang: Let me tell you I think the rating agencies based on our conversations with them are comfortable with our current rating and our current outlook. And I think at this point we are funding 100% equity because we’re using cash flow. And what we’ve said is we’re going to use that cash flow to fund our CapEx and to improve our balance sheet. And until we get that balance sheet improved to the 5.0 target, we’re not going to do other things with that cash flow. So we will absent our cash flow going away which as we said every year for the last 18 years that we have very stable fee based cash flow, we will have that cash flow, we will improve our leverage metrics and once that happens then we will look at other uses of our cash.
Operator: At this time, we have no question on queue.
Richard Kinder: Okay. Well, thank you all very much for listening in and have a good evening.
Operator: And that concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-20 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Rich Kinder - Executive Chairman  Steve Kean - President and CEO Kim Dang - Vice President and CFO Tom Martin - President, Natural Gas Pipelines
Analysts: Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Company Kristina Kazarian - Deutsche Bank Ted Durbin - Goldman Sachs Jeremy Tornet - JPMorgan Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers John Edwards - Credit Suisse Becca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors
Operator: Welcome to the quarterly earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. After the discussion, we will have the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. Thank you. You may begin.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Vance. And thanks for joining us today for our Analyst Call. Before we begin as usual, I'd like to remind you that today's earnings release and this call include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. And we encourage you to read our full disclosure on forward-looking statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release, as well as review our latest filings with the SEC for a list of risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. Before I turn the meeting over to Steve Kean and Kim Dang to review the fourth quarter 2015 financial results, and other important developments during this period, I'd like to talk a bit about the future of the company. We will be delving into the 2016 outlook in more detail at our upcoming investor meeting next week but I believe it's important to focus on a few key points. KMI's underlying business remains strong even in this challenging environment. Our year-end results turned out very consistent with what we projected to you in our third quarter call both from a DCF standpoint and a debt-to-EBITDA standpoint. This says to me that our fundamental businesses are doing well, notwithstanding the current weakness in our industry. The fundamentals don't seem to matter in this Chicken Little-The Sky is Falling market, but they should prone to long-term investors. We are a generator of a tremendous amount of free cash flow about $5 billion per year and that's after we've paid all of our operating cost, our interest expense and our sustaining CapEx. Now, there are several ways we can utilize that cash flow. We can de-lever the balance sheet and totally fund our growth capital needs and/or return cash to our shareholders through either increasing the dividend and/or buying back shares. We have significantly reduced our anticipated capital expansion expenditures for 2016. You'll hear more details on that from Steve today and at our investor conference. And that's a trend you can expect to continue as we high-grade our capital investments and selectively joint venture projects where appropriate. As we reduce those expenditures, we will obviously have more cash to continue to strengthen our balance sheet and return to our shareholders. Reducing the dividend was not an easy decision, but given the strength and sustainability of our business and the cash generated thereby, I believe is the largest shareholder you will see KMI emerge as a stronger company with a strengthened balance sheet, higher coverage on the dividends we pay and with no need to access to equity markets for the foreseeable future. And with that, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steve Kean: All right. Thanks, Rich. So I'm going to cover three topics before hitting on some - a few segment highlights. First is the performance of our business in these challenging times, second is our counterparty credit risk, and third our growth capital and then I'll do some segment highlights. So looking at full year 2015 compared to 2014, here is the summary. On an earnings before DD&A basis, three of our five business segments grew year-over-year. Gas was up 1%, terminals was up 8%, and products was up 27%. Kinder Morgan Canada would have been up year-over-year, but for the effect of a weakening Canadian dollar. And no surprise, CO2 was down 22% as a result of lower commodity prices. To put this performance in context, this performance was against the backdrop of a very negative environment for the entire energy sector. On a full year basis 2014 - 2015 to 2014, oil prices were down 49%. Of course they're down further still from there. And gas was down 40%. Oil and gas commodity prices directly affect the portion of our EBITDA, which we quantify each year. But the larger driver of our business is the demand for what we actually sell, energy transportation and storage services. That's the primary business we're in. Let's look at those numbers. In the gas business, which provides more than 50% of our segment earnings before DD&A, our transport volumes were up 5% year-over-year and sales and gathering were up 4% each on a full year basis. Our products pipeline volumes were up 3% on refined products and up 15% on total liquids transported. Now that includes crude, condensate and NGLs and those were driven by expansions and the Hiland acquisition. While most of what we handle in our liquids businesses is made up of refined products and other liquids, not crude. Crude is in the news. So let's look at our crude transportation assets. Our Trans Mountain system is prorated. That means there is not enough capacity to serve the available demand. KMCC, Kinder Morgan Crude and Condensate our Eagle Ford pipeline, its volumes have been growing through the year with our expansions. We have good contracts, we are in a resilient location in the Eagle Ford, and we have great downstream connectivity to end-user markets and storage and dock capacity. In this business, especially now, contracts matter, location matters and connectivity matters; and we have all of that with the KMCC system. In the July first half of the year, July year-to-date numbers were about 193,000 barrels a day transported. December was just under 240,000. Now it's a much smaller piece of the overall picture, but our linked pipeline in West Texas is moving record volumes so even our crude transport assets are doing pretty well under the circumstances. Finally the liquids part of our terminal segment, which is now 74% of the earnings before DD&A of that segment saw volumes increase 18.7% for the full year and 11.3% in the fourth quarter. Now, granted for all of these businesses are contracts in many cases call for us to get paid whether the capacity is used or not, which is a good thing by the way. So volume is not always a perfect driver of margin, but it is a good indicator that notwithstanding drastically lower commodity prices, the demand for our specific midstream assets is really quite good. Commodity prices due directly affect us in the CO2 business and a subpart of our midstream business. We also suffered in our bulk terminals business in coal and steel and especially from the bankruptcy of two of our important coal customers. And those things absolutely pulled back our performance without a doubt but it’s important to remember particularly in times like these, that our primary business is the transportation in storage of energy commodities for a fee and that the commodities that we handle the most are natural gas and refined products. So notwithstanding all the headwinds we faced in our business, we believe that once again we demonstrated that our large diversified portfolio or fee based assets can produce stable results even an extremely tumultuous market conditions. Now let’s talk about counterparty credit risk just briefly. We're going to talk more about this at the conference next week. We continue to monitor closely our counterparty credit risk as we always have. Fortunately, we are large and very diverse company with operations across our number of sectors and across the spectrum within those sectors. We have a large customer base with only about 20 customers accounting for more than 1% of our annual revenues and the great majority of our customers remain solidly investment grade. The largest of those 20 customers is about 5% of our revenue and that customer is rated double A minus. We estimate that our top 25 customers constitute about 44% of our revenue and just over 80% of the revenue from that top 25 is coming from an investment grade rated entities. We’ll provide you with some more detail and more refined analysis on our customer base at next week's conference, but those are some high level indications. And just once again, 20 customers, only 20 customers account for more than 1%. The largest of those is just under 5% and is rated AA minus. Our top 25 constitute 44% of the revenue and 80% of that is from investment grade sources. Thirdly, we also worked hard this last quarter on securing our investment grade debt metrics for 2016 and beyond and ensuring that we can continue to invest in high quality opportunities that allow us to grow value per share. We high graded our backlog to focus on the highest return opportunities. We’re aiming to reduce spend, improve returns and selectively joint venture projects where appropriate. We’ve reduced our 2016 spend that we initially announced to you by an additional $900 million, that's off to $4.2 billion we said in December and we’ve reduced our backlog by $3.1 billion from the third quarter of 2015 and that was just under $1 billion worth of projects placed in service during the quarter. That action along with retaining cash above our $0.50 annual dividend aviates the need for us to access the capital markets, showers up our investment grade debt metrics and both of those things adds stability to our outlook in difficult times while enable us to continue to grow our value over time. Now just a few segment highlights and Kim will cover all the financial details here. Again just some operational things, natural gas as I said volumes were up 5% compared to the fourth quarter, that's higher volume on Texas Intrastates because of exports to Mexico, our throughput on EPNG, also in Mexico and power generation load. And looking at those two sectors of demand for just a minute, so our power demand on our systems was up 10% on a full-year basis year-over-year - 10% for the fourth quarter and 16% for a full-year basis compared to 2014. And throughput to Mexico was up 22% on a year-over-year full-year basis across our systems and it’s now about 2.3 to 2.4 Bcf a day on average. Also worth reminding you, over the last two years, the Gas Group has entered into new and pending firm transport capacity commitments totaling 8.5 Bcf a day and about 1.6 Bcf of that was previously unsold capacity. We now estimate that of the natural gas consumed in the United States about 38% moves in our pipes. Now some of that is moving on other pipes too gathered into ours or delivered off of ours but 38% of the gas consumed is moving at some point on KMI pipelines and we believe that the combination of power demand, LNG exports, exports to Mexico and additional petchem and industrial demand on the Gulf Coast create a bright outlook for our gas transportation and the storage assets. Products pipeline as I mentioned, refined products up 3% compared to 2014 and this demonstrates the upside of lower commodity prices in at least some parts of our business. And as I said earlier, total volume were up 15% with the effects of the acquisitions and expansions in our liquids business. CO2 sack rock generated record annual gross oil production during the full year of 2% compared to 2014 it was down 11% quarter-to-quarter in the fourth quarter versus a record Q4 of 2014. Combined oil production across all of our fields was up 2% compared to 2014. Net NGL sales volumes were up 3% compared to 2014, and we kept a close eye on costs and produce cost savings in OpEx and sustaining capital of roughly 25% of our 2015 budget. The terminals business was up 8% year-over-year on segment earnings before DD&A. This continues to be the tale of two businesses with strong performance - very strong performance in our liquids business which is now roughly three quarters of this segment offset by continued weakness in our bulk terminals driven again by weakness in coal and steel volumes and compounded of course with the bankruptcy of our two coal customers. The strength of our liquids performance is driven by several organic growth projects or Jones Act vessel editions. The bulk part terminals acquisition in Houston ship channel and we continue to have a very strong outlook for the demand for our capacity in the significant positions that we have built in refined products in the Houston ship channel and in oil in Edmonton. Finally an update on our Kinder Morgan Canada and Trans Mountain in particular. This expansion as I will remind you is under long time contracts, with customers who want to see the project built. The three key areas of focus for us now are the NEB recommended order, consultation and accommodation with the first nations and the satisfaction of the BC governments five condition. We're making progress in all three though not as quickly as we like. With respect to the NEB, we received our draft conditions in August. We think they’re manageable though we did see important changes especially around the time required to approve specific portions of the project. We're waiting to see if further process will be required by the new federal government and remain hopeful that all the work that we've done today both inside and outside the NEB process, to address stakeholder concerns will be taken into account. We're currently scheduled to receive the NEB recommended order in May, and the order and council process to follow. We continue to make good progress in meeting the consultation and accommodation obligations we have with first nations. We've added several mutual benefit agreements which bring actual support for the projects from a majority of the bans that are most directly affected by the project. On the BC five conditions, the BC government has made clear that we are not there yet but have clearly left the door open to closing the gap which we are working to do. We have this project in the backlog and we're aiming for our third quarter of 2019 completion. And with that, I will turn it over to Kim. Kim?
Kim Dang: Thanks Steve. Let me start with comparing against what we said last quarter which was that we expected to end the year with approximately $300 million in coverage, and debt-to-EBITDA 5.6 times. Now we ended the year with almost $1.2 billion in coverage which I will take you through in a moment, that's not an apples-to-apples comparison due to the change in our dividend policy. If you adjust the fourth quarter dividend to the $0.52 per share that we expected to pay prior to the decision to reduce the dividend, we would have ended the year with approximately $297 million in coverage, and that includes absorbing over $40 million reduction in our fourth quarter results that we did not anticipate as of the end of the third quarter to account for the Arch's bankruptcy. On the debt-to-EBITDA side we ended the year at 5.6 as expected and I will take you through the details of the balance sheet in a moment. On the face of the gas income statement, you will see that revenue is down both for the quarter and the full year compared to the corresponding period in 2014. This quarter we've added a line to break out cost of goods sold which you can see is down more than the decrease in revenues. As I've said the last three quarters change in revenue is not a good predictor of our performance as we have some businesses where revenues and expense fluctuate with commodity prices but the margin generally does not. We believe that the best indicator of our performance is the cash we generate or DCF per share. However, for those of you who need adjusted EPS for your models, adjusted EPS without certain items is about $0.21 in the quarter which is slightly above consensus. DCF on the second page of the number from the press release we calculate free distributable cash flow. We generated DCF for the quarter of 1.233 billion and 4.699 billion for the year. For the quarter, DCF is down approximately 45 million versus the fourth quarter of 2014. For the full year DCF is up 2.1 billion. The increase in the full year is largely the result of the acquisition by KMI of KMP and EPB that was completed in the fourth quarter of 2014 and so a lot of the benefits to DCF is due to the fact that the MLPs are no longer outstanding and you can see that benefit in the line of our DCF calculation entitled MLP declared distributions. For the quarter, the 4% reduction is primarily the result of our CO2 segment which was down about 77 million. Our terminal segment down about 20 million primarily as a result of the Arch’s bankruptcy and increased interest expense and preferred interest payments. Although we are not happy to be down 4% in light of the overall circumstances and the energy and capital markets, as Rich and Steve have both said, we believe this performance is very strong and demonstrates the stability of our assets. For the full year DCF per share is probably the best way to look at our results because it takes into account the benefit the DCF for the merger transaction, as well as the cost of the approximately 1.1 billion shares that we issued to purchase the MLPs. For the full year DCF per share is $2.14 or an increase of approximately 7% over the $2 per share in 2014. For the quarter DCF per share is down approximately 8% for the reasons I mentioned a moment ago with respect to DCF plus incremental shares issued to finance our projects and to reduce leverage. The $0.55 in DCF per share for the quarter and the $2.14 per share for the year results in coverage for the quarter of about $950 million and year-to-date coverage of $1.18 billion. As I said a few minutes ago, if we had paid the dividend of $0.52 in the fourth quarter, coverage would have been around 300 million just under versus our budget of 654 million. So let me give you the major components of the $350 million change versus our budget. If you utilize the commodity sensitivity metrics that we gave you last January of $10 million change in DCF for every $1 change in crude and $3 million in DCF for every $0.10 change in natural gas, the impact of our full year results was approximately 246 million. We have additional commodity price impact of a little bit over $20 million most of which is due to deterioration and the crude to NGL ratio meaning that NGL prices deteriorated more than crude prices and we budget this for our constant ratio. In directly, commodity prices impacted us by another 117 million due to three primary things, lower CO2 sales volumes, lower gathering and processing volumes in our midstream on our natural gas segment and a weaker Canadian dollar so the FX impact impacting our terminal segment and our Kinder Morgan Canada segment. Total bankruptcies impacted us by over $65 million which was Arch and Alpha. So you take those items that I just went through that accounts for about – over $450 million, so well more than the total variance of about $350 million. There are lots of other moving pieces both positive and negative but the primary offsets to the $450 million were lower interest expense and CO2 and other cost savings. Now let me give you a little more granularity on where we ended up in the segments versus our budget. Natural gas pipelines ended up about 1% above its budget, as the positive impact of the Hiland transaction, better performance on the taxes interest dates, SNG and TGP were largely offset by the impact in our midstream group of lower commodity prices and lower gathering and processing volumes. CO2 ended the year approximately 15% below its budget as we projected last quarter. This as we have discussed is more than our commodity price sensitivity would indicate and it's driven by lower crude oil volumes, lower CO2 volumes and lower capitalize overhead as a reduced as a result of reduce expansion spending offset by over $40 million and cost savings. Terminals ended the year approximately 10% below its budget versus the 6% we discussed last quarter with the primary variance being the Arch's, the impact of the Arch's bankruptcy. The terminal segment was negatively impacted in its budget by lower coal and steel volumes again the largest piece being the Alpha and Arch bankruptcy and also the FX impact of the weaker Canadian dollar. Products ended the year approximately 2% below its budget and the positive impact of the Double H. Pipeline which was acquired in a Hiland acquisition as slightly more than offset by approximately $24 million of commodity price segregation consistent with the sensitivity. Lower volumes on our KMCC pipe than we budgeted and lower margins in our Transmix business. Finally as we discussed last quarter, KMCC was below its budget for the year by approximately $20 million due to FX. On the expense side, interest cash taxes and sustaining and CapEx all came in lower than expected, therefore positive variance versus our budget and that was somewhat offset by higher G&A. The negative variance in G&A is driven by the Hiland acquisition and lower capitalize overhead as a result of lower expansion capital spending. On interest, the incremental interest is associated with financing the Hiland transaction was more than offset by lower balance than our budget and lower rates when you take up the impact of the Hiland transaction. Finally we expect cash taxes and sustaining CapEx, they came in lower than our budget or they were - another way, they were favorable variance. There are couples of certain items in the quarter that I just want to highlight for you, one we reported an estimated $1.15 billion non-cash goodwill impairment on our midstream natural gas assets. We also reported approximately $284 million in impairment on other assets primarily in our CO2 segment. These impairments were driven by the lower commodity price environment and also by lower stock prices. Let me give you this warning, if commodity and equity prices continue to fall, then there is – then we may have impairments in future quarters. We also reported it as certain item in this quarter a $200 million benefit associated with the contract buyout payments that we received on Kinder Morgan's Louisiana pipeline. And with that, I’ll turn to the balance sheet. On the balance sheet, we ended the fourth quarter with net debt of $41.2 billion based on $7.37 billion of EBITDA that gives us a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 5.6 times again consistent with where we thought we would end. The $41.2 billion is a increase in debt of $610 million for the full year and it’s a decrease in debt of $1.235 billion for the quarter. So let me reconcile first the quarter, $1.235 billion decrease in debt. We spent about little under $940 million on acquisitions, expansion CapEx and contributions to equity investments. We issued equity of about $1.58 billion. The contract buyout that was received on KMLA was $200 million and we received an income tax refund of little over $150 million and then working capital and other items were a source of cash of about over $240 million. Now let me say that here you would expect I talked about coverage in the quarter being $950 million but that coverage is based on the $0.125 dividend the $953 million. What we actually paid in the fourth quarter was the dividend that we declared in the third quarter, so the $0.51. And so when I'm reconciling the debt, the $0.51 dividend is what was paid in the quarter and the cash that went out the door. So you do not see the benefit in the fourth quarter yet of the reduced dividend. You will see that going forward beginning in the first quarter. For the year, the change in debt was an increase of $610 million. We spent about $6.9 billion in cash on acquisitions, expansion CapEx and contributions to equity investments. Hiland was $3.06 billion and then we spent about $3.4 billion in expansion CapEx. Those are the major components of the $6.9 billion. We made a pension contribution of $50 million. We issued equity including the preferred $5.4 billion. The contract filed on KMLA was $200 million. We received $347 million in income tax refund. And then we had about $400 million of coverage and other working capital items that was the source of cash. And that gets you to the $610 million increase in debt. And so with that, I'll turn it back to Rich.
Rich Kinder: Okay. And Vance, if you will come back on, we will take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question on queue comes from Mr. Brandon Blossman with Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Company. Your line is now open.
Brandon Blossman: Let's see on CapEx and the high grading process for the growth CapEx backlog, Rich or Steve, can you just walk through the process of how you evaluate each project in that context and what thoughts go into, whether you go forward with the project or not. Related to counter parties and related to return metrics and obviously, you're out of the market so the current yield shouldn't matter to you, but obviously you have some metric or hurdle rate internally. Has that changed at all over the last six to 12 months?
Steve Kean: Yes. We've elevated our return criteria. And look, the way we've gone through our project backlog is to take out of it things that we haven't committed to that are - that don't need current return hurdle. And I won't tell you exactly what that is, but I think a reasonable benchmark is I think mid-teens returns after tax. Okay. And what we're trying to do is really make sure that we're investing capital on the highest return opportunities that we have, make sure that we're fulfilling our commitments and delaying spend where it can't be delayed or deferred. And taking on partners where it makes sense for us to take on partners. And I think what we've been able to do successfully over the years is originate really good returning midstream energy projects. And so because we're able to do that even though we're viewing our capital as quite finite, there are people out there who are happy to participate with us as partners and we're exploring those opportunities where those makes sense. So we think our returns are adequate on separable projects that could be joint-ventured. They're quite good and we think people will be interested in joining us in those projects. We would continue to build it, own it, operate it, et cetera, but it gives us an opportunity to free-up capital to deploy and higher return opportunities or to use with the balance sheet or to ultimately in the longer term return cash or increase dividend is just depending on what the circumstance is - what appears to be most rewarded at the time. So it's really doing economically rational things like deferring stands where you can. We flushed out some scope changes, cost savings, other things that are real improvements to the economics, finding joint venture partners where those things makes sense and channeling the capital that we have to the highest returns that are in the backlog right now and potentially to some new projects so again our capital constrained for that.
Brandon Blossman: That's quite helpful, actually. I guess same topic or same general topic, different item. To go ahead expected in May, what's the process with Shell in terms of getting formal approval or FID for that project and have you had any communications or color?
Steve Kean: Yes, it's under contract and it's approved to go forward. And just again a reminder on that, that contract is - we're not taking commodity risk on that facility. Shell has signed up for a 20-year contract. They'll make this part of the L&G that's in their portfolio. So we're not taking - they're entering into internal use agreement essentially with us on that project. They also have enough of a portfolio around the world that they don't need and it's not hinged on depended upon non-free trade act approval. So that project is very much a go from our perspective. We do need our FERC 7C certificate and we're in that process now. We filed for it and expect to get it in roughly second quarter - yes, okay, second quarter. And we have applied for and think we should be able to obtain non-free trade agreement authority too to take that commodity - for Shell to take that commodity to other places. So our things are proceedings very well there.
Brandon Blossman: So the FTA approval is just an incremental benefit to Shell, it's not – it's not - 
Steve Kean: Right, non-FTA. Yes. They can go to Free Trade Act agreement to country as it is.
Brandon Blossman: So it sounds like it's essentially a go assuming that the FERC timeline hits on the, kind of the May or midyear time frame.
Rich Kinder: That's correct, right.
Steve Kean: That's right.
Brandon Blossman: Any color or commentaries around construction cost? It presumably gets to be an easier project to give in where we are in the macro environment and labor cost and all of that good stuff.
Steve Kean: Yes. Now it's a fair point. The construction environment for L&G facility is improving. And we're - we are working on an EPC contract and we have plenty of interest in that. So with an EPC contract there is nothing in this world that's turnkey and anything that's this complex, but that allows us to shift a considerable amount of the construction risk to the contractor.
Brandon Blossman: Okay. Well, that sounds like all good news. I’ll jump back in the queue for further questions. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ms. Kristina Kazarian with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Kristina Kazarian: I really appreciate the CapEx. Now my quick question there - I don't know if I missed it at some point during the call. But did you guys give an update on net and how I should be thinking about that and where it sits within the growth backup?
Steve Kean: NAD is in the growth backlog. Without commenting on any really specific project, because you got competitors and customers there. I think just more broadly, we are going through the process that I described earlier on the backlog and looking at the whole thing and where appropriate taking joint venture partners, et cetera. So really I mean you can think of that processes we're evaluating and looking as is applying to a large part of our backlog.
Kristina Kazarian: I probably just want to make sure it's still in there. And then you guys gave a lot of great clarity around counterparty details. So thanks for this, but to hop on lower end to the scale. If I aggregated counterparties that were like 10 minus or below, do you know how large that number would be as a percent of revenue? And just how I should be thinking about that?
Steve Kean: I do not have that at my fingertips, but let me tell you what we're going to try to accomplish by the time we see you all next week. We're going to have the numbers that I took you through with a little more specificity and maybe some refinement to them. And we're also going to be trying to quantify at least in select cases, a net exposure number. So in other words, you can't think of exposures and gross terms, you have to think of the value of the thing that you're selling if you resold it in a market. And so we're looking at some of those things too to give you a little bit more color around it. I mean I would say that generally when we look at our top 25 customers, we pick those as a fairly representative grouping. And as I said that's about 44% of our revenues.
Kristina Kazarian: And lastly, Rich maybe to get you to pontificated that I get this question all the time. Can you just may be touch on high level what you think is going on out there like, I mean you spend roughly a month and since we had the dividend cut to reach that market expectations, but there is still like a lot of volatility. How are you thinking about what’s generally going on in our market?
Rich Kinder: Are you talking about that market in general or Kinder Morgan’s specifically?
Kristina Kazarian: I’m doing both of them.
Rich Kinder: Both of them. So I’m good at pontification as long as I follow Mark Twain’s old saying, making predictions is difficult particularly when they concern the future. But I think looking at where we are today, I mean I’m obviously very disappointed you would expect and where the KMI stock prices is and the way we -- the market is treated as post the dividend. We thought we took a great deal of uncertainty out of the equation. And as I said the key fundamental thing is the amount of distributable cash flow we produce. And of course valuation one-on-one would say that regardless of what you do with your free cash flow, your distributable cash flow whether you dividend it out, put it in the new projects as long as those are good new projects and ours are or a buyback stock or pay down debt, really should make no difference from a evaluation standpoint. But clearly parts of the market are not on that same page. I believe that long term, the fact that we have no need access equity markets not just for ‘16, but for the foreseeable future and that we will self-fund our capital expenditures our growth capital should in the long run I think be a very solid underpinning to this company and we’re going to be able to return a lot more money to our shareholders in the long term as well as de-lever the balance sheet. I think as far as overall market is concerned, I said in the opening remarks it seems like a chicken little disguise following market. There seems to be no discrimination among based on quality or based on virtually anything it’s just if oil prices go down, sell everything in the energy sector. I think that’s a very wrong headed short-term view, but the market is what the market is. And obviously we believe we’re tremendously underpriced. If you look he is a company that’s going to have close to $5 billion of free cash flow in the total market capital, but this level is $27 billion, $28 billion. I’m afraid to even compete that it upsets me so much. But that’s my feeling on it, probably more than you wanted to hear. But as a larger shareholder I can tell you its very frustrating.
Kristina Kazarian: I say congrats on the DC up number.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Ted Durbin with Goldman Sachs.
Ted Durbin: Coming back to the CapEx here, the projects the $3.3 billion, how much of that is for projects that should come into service say in this year or maybe in the next year? How much EBITDA should we be looking for there versus how much of these more the longer lead time type projects?
A – Steve Kean: Yes. I don’t have off the top of my head breakdown on the timing on in service for the remaining $3.3 billion. I mean it’s going to be a combination. I mean we will give you updates when we get together next week about the projects and the associated in service states and things like that when we have a conference next week.
Rich Kinder: Ted, one way to look at all this and Kim will take you through more of this next week. It’s hard to predict what is going to happen. There are so many winds blowing in all kinds of directions in this market, but I think we can give you some guidance. The fact that you look at what our backlog is which we’ve reduced but that backlog should produce a certain level of cash flow; and if we’re funding it ourselves, you don’t need to deduct interest from that or additional equity issuance. You just look at how much that backlog is going to produce as the figure goes through the book. And then you can add that on to whatever view you want to take of commodity prices or anything else. There should be a pretty simple way of looking forward and implying your own -- applying your own view of the bigger markets. And we’re going to move down that line and show you some of that at the investor conference next week.
Ted Durbin: Just on terminals here, we had a tough quarter. I guess thinking through to ‘16, how much of that is going to flow through, what do you have in terms of the minimum volume commitments, and how those run off annual, and maybe even over multi-year view on terminals.
Kim Dang: As you saw today in the press release, we revised the 2016 budget. And so both the Arch and the Alpha bankruptcy, we have taken into account in the 2016 budget.
Ted Durbin: And then if I could just squeeze one more in just on the hedging. Where are you guys on hedging in the CO2?
Kim Dang: On CO2 hedging for 2016 about 70% hedged at $69; in 2017 $54 to $73; 39% in '18 at $75; and 21% in'19 at $65.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Jeremy Tornet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tornet: I was just wondering if you could walk us through more on the high grading the project. As far as that applies to CO2 in what prices do you guys need to see out there to deploy capital or what still makes sense in this commodity price environment? Could you would help us get sense of that.
Steve Kean: Yes. So CO2 has been a multi-part capital review, because we've been keeping up with commodity prices as they have come down. And so what we're spending money on we put incremental capital into CO2. What we're looking at is getting a very good return in upper teens plus 20 plus percent after tax on leverage return incrementally. Meaning for the oil that, that particular program or that particular development is going to produce at the current forward curve. And then we also look at when we're doing the evaluation, we look at what an NPV15 breakeven price is for crude, so that we can kind of see how much if you will headroom or how much room we have to have that be a successful program if we proceed with it. So we've been -- as prices have been coming down, we've been bringing the CapEx down and we've been eliminating programs. It still makes sense to invest in some programs, but you're going to see a lower CapEx number for CO2 for 2016 than probably we've ever had, but still some pretty decent production with that plan. So we keep bringing it down and we look at the price those two ways. And the third thing I would say about the way we evaluate it is that these are programs spans, right, so what you're doing is you say, okay, we're going to do this many infills in South Iraq. Okay. So we're going to go out and do infills. The infills produce oil that tends to be front-end loaded, but if they’re not performing the way we think they should or the prices isn’t where we think it needs to be, then I’m just picking out infills is probably a pretty high-return, high-end project for us. But just to use it as an example, we have the flexibility to scale that program back and not deploy that capital. So we have high graded the CO2 capital, kept up to date with what commodity prices are although as you know and as you can see from today, that’s a day to day exercise, but we also have flexibility in the spend when we do deploy it.
Jeremy Tornet: I was wondering as well on the gathering and processing business. Thoughts that you guys have as far as visibility into volumes and if you could help us things like that and where producers are, because everything is changing in so rapidly so just wondering how you think about that and what risk you see to that part of it?
Steve Kean: I’ll start and let Tom pick up with additional detail. The gathering and processing a part of our business that really has two parts to it. I mean there is a piece of that business that is secured under transport agreements with minimum takes that look something like, which you would see in a gathering agreement or a fee-based processing arrangement, which looks something like you would see in the rest of our business. The second part of that business is percentage of proceeds. Kinds of business where we are more exposed to commodity price. We've picked up some of that with open owe and some of that with the Hiland acquisitions as well. So you have to kind of break it apart and we're talking about seeing if we can break that up further, quantify that further so that people can see the two parts of that business. What we’re trying to do on the percentage of proceeds part is to try to migrate that more to fee based so we're kind of in the start of that process right now, but we do have exposure there. So then that becomes commodity price assumption driven: what do you think commodity prices are going to be, what do you think processing spreads are going to be, and we made some high level assumptions in the budget including a NGL price deck that we use. And so we think we’ve calibrated that reasonably well. But there is certainly variability in part two of that business as I have mentioned it. Tom, anything more?
Tom Martin: Yes. I mean I would just overall volume trend. I think we would be better than our peers. I mean our network is in -- I would say the premiere locations of all of these base, but I mean -- there is no question as you trend in time, these little commodity prices you’ll see lower volume activity. But again as Steve said, there is a high degree component on many of these agreements where we have some fixed component for that. So it's really just on that the volume-metric component of the overall [indiscernible] there could be.
Jeremy Tornet: And then just to make sure I had right as far as the capital market activity for '16. Was there no activity for equity and was that no activity on the debt side as well, did I guess that right?
A – Kim Dang: We’ll go through that at the investor conference that’s generally what we are thinking.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere: So there has been some questions about what’s involved in raising the hurdle for growth CapEx and kind of trying to hold CapEx portfolio down to the point of a what was raised by Steve that, you definitely kind a view a limited amount of potential spent we had. And hence looking for third party capital or JV relationships. Is there a particular absolute or proportion of DCF that on average annual spend you kind of see as your sweet spot?
Steve Kean: I think -- look, again you got to break all these things down. If you look at some of the capital projects that we do that are, if you will, build outs of our existing network, those things are very high returning projects; and they’re on our networks, so it is not like we’re going to look for a JV partner on them. And in many cases like where it’s building out connections or adding some capability in a terminal or something like that it’s really not -- it’s not separable and we can do it or we can get relatively quick and early returns and generally good returns for it. And then there are projects, maybe at the other end where they are quite attractive for market return. They're probably less of return than what we are looking for on an incremental-investment basis and they’re separable, identifiably separate from the rest of our network and those would be obvious JV candidates for us. But look what we’re trying to mainly do here is we’re trying to make sure that we first and foremost defend our debt-to-EBITDA metrics and maintain a secured investment grade rating. And the CapEx that we spent in 2016 drives that. So we’re going to be very mindful and we are going to treat it as finite and precious, and we’re going to allocate to the highest available returns that we have. But there are going to be projects that we are going to have the opportunity to do and we're going to continue to do those. And we're going JV the ones that are if you will amendable to being JV where we continue to build the projects operated and known significant interest in it, but we maybe bring third-party capital in order to help cover some of that cost. So I mean broadly that is how we’re looking at these things going forward.
Craig Shere: That helps us and makes sense. I guess what I’m trying to get at is on an absolute basis when you think about getting your arms around the balance sheet achieving the transition, if there was a large chunky position in the growth CapEx inventory, the dropped out. Would that change? How you look at new projects and alternatives?
Rich Kinder: Well, look I think you have to look at what the situation is when and if that occurs. Obviously in today's market if something happen, we'd love to be buying stock at this kind of ridiculous level. But that may not be the case a year or two years from now. If the market's more rational, we might use that to increase the dividend. We're certainly going to be continuously mindful. Steve said that keeping our investment rate grading and maintaining a real solid balance sheet. Yes, but just very simplistically and we outlined this in the release today. Even after we've done revised budget reducing measurably the commodity assumptions and raising the interest rates projection in accordance with the fall recurred, we do all that and we still have $4.9 billion of DCF for the equity holders. You deduct the roughly $150 million in preferred dividend leaves you about $4.7 billion available to the common. You pay $1.1 billion in the reduced dividends that leaves to $3.6 billion. And as we've said, we've reduced our capital expenditure program to a little less than $3.3 billion. Now there is a heck a lot of a lot of other moving [parts in administration]. When you just look at very simplistically the ability to fund a capital project program, we can do that. Now to extend to that $3.3 billion is something less than that, that would free up more money to either further deliver the balance sheet or return to shareholders through one of the two methods that we've talked about. So I think the real message here guys is we are self funding now. Okay. And I got to tell you that o me that's a big relief, nobody is affected any more than I was by the division cut. Okay. But the point is we are building a very solid, stable, balance sheet with the ability to return an awful lot of cash to our shareholders over the next few years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. John Edwards with Credit Suisse.
John Edwards: Rich, given the market circumstances I guess as best can be expected. I'll just ask a couple of questions. I'll save the rest for next week, but I'm wondering on your contracts, particularly the natural gas sector. Are you seeing rates fall, contract rolls and then what's kind of your average contract tender now? And if you're seeing rates come down a bit, kind of order of magnitude if you could give us a ballpark?
Steve Kean: I think Tom can weigh in here. I think we have - we continue to see good strength on our renewals in our Texas intrastate business. S&G is very strong. TGPD, eastern pipes are very strong. The other place where we've seen and we've seen at some this year already, John is on some of the pipes that are exporting out of the Rockies. So there we've seen deterioration on renewals. But generally speaking, we've got a great set of natural gas assets and very strong, I think well positioned for the longer term. If you look in the appendix to our normal investor presentation deck, you'll see a layout of contract tenders for each of our business units. And we'll have an updated version of that for everybody next week.
John Edwards: And then how do you view the probability now on -- I think you had the supply path and the market path on North East Iraq. You had secured -- you had obviously roughly secured one of those paths. What do things stand on the rest of it?
Steve Kean: I think we continue to make progress there. And as I said, we'll continue to evaluate it as we evaluate all the projects that we have in the backlog.
John Edwards: And then just the last thing. In terms of the change in capital spend, you already alluded to the fact that a lot of that because of the fall in commodity prices. So you're taking out of it on in the CO2 segment and then you've raised the hurdle rate as well. I guess if you could -- what's contributing to that not so about? Just range about how much you raised your hurdle rate overall, that will be great.
Steve Kean: Yes. On the CO2 we'll have all the expansion capital laid out by business unit next week and you'll see what makes up that $3.3 billion. And that’s got everything in it, including assume the acquisition. So we'll give you the full price down of that. And as I said a little earlier in the call, I mean you got to look at every project individually and how secure the contracts are, what are the credit worthiness of the counter party is, how secure the revenues are, whether they're upside, et cetera. But we have been elevating what we are evaluating, investing in to kind of a mid-teens after tax return area. And so we may be waiting to see that, right. We'll see some of those opportunities on build out of our existing network, but we're prepared to wait and see if that's what it takes to make sure that we're allocating capital to the best opportunities.
John Edwards: And just my final one is just I kind of ask you Kristina's question a different way. How much revenue faces credit risk? In terms of what's the risk of loss? You went to a lot of details and everything, but if -- I mean what you say it's 1% or 2% of EBITDA overall or is it something more? How should we think about that?
Steve Kean: It's hard to quantify the answer to that question. I think you take comfort in the fact that we've got a very diverse set of customers. It's a relatively small number that amount to even more than 1% of our revenue. And one quick clarification there, revenue is an interesting subject when you're thinking about something like the Texas Intrastates where the revenue moves with the cost of goods sold and revenue move kind of in tandem with commodity prices. In that case we look at margin, all right, but --
John Edwards: I mean margin, Steve. If you know what I'm getting at.
Steve Kean: So I think you can take comfort in the fact that there is a relatively smaller group of customers that even amount to 20% or 1%, 20 customers amount in 1% or more. And the top 25 customers, 80% of that is investment grade. And I don’t have better specific data points to give you than what I did, but I think that -- I think we compare favorably to a lot of other people in our sector when you consider those matrix versus with a lot of other people are facing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ms. Becca Followill with U.S. Capital Advisors.
Becca Followill: This may have been already answered. I'm sorry if I missed it on the $900 million CapEx reduction. Did you specify where that was coming from?
Steve Kean: Not specific. We talked about CO2 a little bit and answered one of the questions that came, but we had a combination of efficiency gains, I recall where we reduce scope or found a cheaper way to do things we did, cancel some projects or assume a way some previously unidentified acquisition that was probably on the order of two thirds of that number cancelled or -- cancelled or suspended or just assumed a way, right, that we wouldn't do as many acquisitions as we had in our previous budget expectation. So that would be the biggest chunk of it, but it is a combination of things.
Rich Kinder: But we're going to break those down, business segment by business segment at the conference next week. So you can see kind of where the changes are between where our original budget was and where we are now.
Becca Followill: And so there is not one specific project that accounts more a majority of that?
Steve Kean: No, no.
Becca Followill: And then on NGPL does -- with your acquiring an additional stake in it, are there -- is there any CapEx in there or in your budget allocation for an equity infusion or what are the plans there on NGPL?
Steve Kean: We did assume some capital in NGPL. We do have some pretty attractive expansion projects there that we and our partner intend to go forward with. And that will be -- that will just be a subpart of the gas group. I'm not sure we're going to be breaking that out separately.
Becca Followill: But in terms of an equity infusion there is nothing that seemed in there?
Steve Kean: No. We do assume that we will be putting some capital and to NGPL to help support project development for next year.
Becca Followill: That will be on project development, no additional equity infusion?
Steve Kean: Yes.
Kim Dang: There are some.
Steve Kean: There is some.
Rich Kinder: Yes, there is.
Becca Followill: There is some in there?
Rich Kinder: Yes. That's Kinder budget.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. [Bill Green] [ph] with E&P Investments. Sir, your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Primarily for Rich. I'm a very substantial shareholder - family shareholder since 1990, the late 90s when you went public. And the stock seems to be as you've indicated ridiculously cheap, but it's a dividend orientation. Return of capital, dividend orientation. So the question is with all these moving parts that you've described and you went through description before about the balancing act between the capital spending and the growth. And I'm just doing a little back of the envelope or is it been taken care. If you kept to the 10% dividend increase that you had promised originally, if there had been no trouble in the credit markets the way there was; you would have something like a $3 dividend or $3.20 dividend five years down the road, which would have produced about an 8% yield on the $40 stock that you then had. Now you've got a stock roughly 25% of that $40. If you look out -- I know you can't be too specific, but in terms of having a basis to buy the stock here. Obviously, the dividend in the future, three to five years down the road is going to be the crucial determinant as the capital spending starts to fade away. So is there any kind of guidance that you can give numerically about that balancing act so that a person who says I'm going to buy a $12 stock today. Obviously if you stop the old capital spending today, you'll have a 20% return with a $2 dividend if you restored it. So the balance between the capital spending and the growth that you're going to develop for that is crucial here to get a some handle on the ultimate investment return here. So it would be very powerfully useful to have a little more definitive color on that balancing average in terms of a five-year outlook. I mean what can we as shareholders paying $12 today look for in terms of a dividend five years down the road as the capital spending may phase down.
Kim Dang: This is Kim. I think in terms of what you can expect as a dividend, that's hard to say today. I think in terms of what we - next week at the conference as Rich - we're going to show you the portfolio the backlog of the projects that we have. We're going to give you approximate multiple that we expect to earn on that. And so you - that is just the backlog has nothing to do with our base business, but you will get a sense for how much distributable cash flow we think will be produced from that backlog. And then people can make whatever assumptions they want to make about what happens with the base business and how - where exactly we take the balance sheet and how we return capital at some point to people whether that share repurchase or dividends or otherwise. But as - I think there is very good financial theory that says whether a company pays a dividend or doesn't pay a dividend, it does not impact the value of the firm. So we can tell you how much cash that we're going to produce from these investments. And then I think from that you can come up with what you think the value of the stock is worth.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. But as long as you keep spending capital, you're not going to be able to distribute that and do the good things you're talking about. So there's got to be some end point here. It's sort of like the Amazon story with - in a different industry. I mean as long as you continue to spend capital at this rate, you're not going to have the funds available to distribute it in the fashion you're talking about. So how do we get some fixed, because -- 
Kim Dang: What you're saying is that the value of the firm depends on the dividend policy.
Unidentified Analyst: No, no. It can depend on a lot of different things, but I'm looking here $6.4 billion in distributable cash flow with your current capitalization would produce that $3 dividend. So are you going to get to $6.4 billion or so billion dollars five years down the road? That was sort of the original promise that Rich had made last year with the 6% to 10% dividend increase or the 10% dividend increase on the $40 stock, I mean that's why we held the stock there. I mean had we any suspicion you know - the question is getting some idea of the flow here, of the past, the past is crucial and some sense of that otherwise you got $12 stock here which is a disaster as we all agree. So the market isn’t following your line of thinking, that’s the problem, the market isn’t looking at the valuation of a company the way you would like it to it’s because you convert it from an MLT and there is a tremendous focus on dividend and now is the fear that that dividend isn’t even secure, not so much for you guys but for other people because of the way of the problem with the debt and the problem with the availability of financing given the challenges. So the question is, that’s the game here, it’s a numbers game and the question is how will those numbers going to play out? Do we have a $6.4 billion DCF in the future which will be available for payment? That’s the key is it, tell me if I'm wrong.
Rich Kinder: What we've tried to say is that we're going to have a lot of cash flow - just let me finish please, you can take what we have today which is roughly $5 billion of free cash flow. You can look at our backlog, we can give you an idea of what the expected return on that is and then you can take that number and let’s say that’s a dollar, whatever it is, per share, you can take that and add it to our present number and buildup what you think the cash flow will be in 2020 or 2021 but I want to again caution you that we have not been in this business 35 years, this is the most - more head win, side wins, anything that I have ever seen and to sit here and give you a number in 2020 would be insulting to you and to everybody else. And what we're trying to tell you is, we've got a lot of cash flow, we're going to do that, we're going to use that in a way that makes the most sense for the company and its shareholders. And if that involves buying back shares or increasing the dividends to a level, that’s what we're going to do. We're not going to waste the dollars and the backup for that is just what Steve talked about is we're high grading, we've reduced the backlog by $3.1 billion, to the extent we reduce it further or joint venture more of the backlog, that is going to free up more cash earlier on the other end, it is going to in the long run depreciate somewhat the amount of cash we have coming out of those additional investments as a result of the backlog. So this is what we're committed to. We showed you what we generated. We're going to generate, we generate $2.14 last year and that we think is going to grow very nicely over the years.
Unidentified Analyst: Right but the question is will the capital expenditures at some point - in other words it is very much the Amazon story, at some point we're going to stop spending and produce larger unusually large dividends. Right now if I go back to the $40 promise you were not afraid then to talk about a 10% dividend increase at that time. So I'm assuming that that situation is still pretty much in force. It’s just that the numbers have changed for all the reasons we know, but as far as the basic business is concerned which is what I'm hanging my hat on because I haven’t sold a share either is whether to buy more shares based on the idea that that original promise which you made is still pretty much intact, and the way that promise is going to come to fruition is in the year 2021 let’s say, we won’t have the CapEx and we will be able to start distributing huge amounts of money to shareholders. I mean that's what we are all looking for I think - is that wrong or not wrong, that thinking.
Rich Kinder: I think I've answered the question and what we're trying to say is this is a very complicated world, we're generating cash flow, that cash flow we think will be increasing as time goes on and we have used this thought and we're going to look at that that time as to what makes the most sense. Of course as we finish these capital projects, we do not anticipate huge new additional capital projects but we will see what the opportunities are in those out years. The whole thing is to create value for the shareholders and if the best way to do that is distributing dividends, that’s what we're going to do. If the best way is to deal over the balance sheet, that’s what we're going to do, it’s a combination of all these factors, in this hectic market it’s just very difficult to give you some specific number you can rely on in 2020 or 2021 but I appreciate your concern and certainly we agree with you I'm the largest shareholder, I want to see all kinds of value derived by the common shareholders of this company.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, sir. At this time, we don't have any further questions on queue.
Rich Kinder: Well, thank you very much. We appreciate you listening with us and we’ll see most of you next week in Houston. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, sir. So that concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-22 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Rich Kinder - Executive Chairman Steve Kean - President and CEO Kim Dang - VP and CFO Tom Martin - President, Natural Gas Pipelines Dax Sanders - VP, Corporate Development Jesse Arenivas - President, CO2 Ian Anderson - President of Kinder Morgan, Canada
Analysts: Shneur Gershuni - UBS Brandon Blossman - Tudor Pickering Holt and Company Darren Horowitz - Raymond James Mark Reichman - Simmons & Company Kristina Kazarian - Deutsche Bank Ted Durbin - Goldman Sachs Jeremy Schmidt - JPMorgan Faisel Khan - Citigroup Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Becca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors John Edwards - Credit Suisse Corey Goldman - Jefferies
Operator: Welcome to the quarterly earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are placed on listen-only until we start the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today’s conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. Thank you. You may begin.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Vance. Before we begin I’d like to remind you that as usual today's earnings release and this call includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. We encourage you to read our full disclosure on forward-looking statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release as well as review our latest filings with the SEC for a list of risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. With that out of the way let me get to the meat of the matter. As usual, I’ll give an overview of the third quarter and in addition, try to put some perspective on the happenings in our portion of the energy industry. Then I'll turn it over to Steve Kean our CEO and Kim Dang our CFO who will talk in more detail about 2015 and the outlook for 2016. And then as usual, we'll take any and all questions that you may have. Let me start by reviewing our 2015 performance. We raised the dividend for the third quarter to $0.51 and we expect to achieve our target of declaring $2 for full-year 2015. As you may recall that’s an increase of 15% over 2014 and on top of that we estimate we will have excess coverage for the year of about $300 million. Now, that's less coverage than our budget which assumes $70 WTI and $3.80 natural gas prices, and Kim will take you through the details of that variance. But still substantial in our view at the level of $300 million. To me it demonstrates what we have been saying. That is that we are insulated from the direct and indirect impacts of very low commodity environment, but we are not immune. And I promise it to put things in perspective. And let me try that. If you take our $2 dividend and multiply it times with 2.2 billion shares outstanding. That's $4.4 billion of cash distributions to shareholders that we will make for 2015. If you add to that $300 million in excess coverage that means $4.7 million of free cash flow after payment of all our operating expenses, our maintenance CapEx, interest on our debt. Now we could have paid for all of our expansion CapEx for this year and had a lot of money left over. Our capital expenditure budget for this year is about $3.5 billion estimated for the full year. So with that in mind I think that this idea that midstream energy companies like Kinder Morgan are not sustainable generators of cash flow just doesn't hunt. Rather we elected to distribute the bulk of our free cash flow to our shareholders and then pay for our expansion CapEx with the combination of equity and debt and we intend to do this in the future. That said we intend to continue covering all of our dividends with our generated free cash flow and remain investment-grade, watch our CapEx closely and continue within those parameters to grow our dividend. We're going to be judicious about using common equity, and as Steve will explain we intend to use other means of raising equity so that we will not be required to issue common equity or access those markets through at least the middle of next year. Now let me also put in perspective our business and its prospects for the future. I talked about analogizing our business to a toll road that to the extent that you're probably tired of hearing it. I'm kind of sick of using it myself. And that phrase happens to be very true. But I want to give you some hard cold facts about the natural gas story which is our single most important business. As many of you know our natural gas operations produce over half of our cash flow and we move about a third of all the gas consumed in the United States. So, to put it very simplistically as natural gas demand grows, so do we. Now everybody talks about natural gas being the fossil fuel of the future because it's abundant cheap mastic and clean and that's all true. But I thought it would be interesting to give you some actual factual detail on what's really happening on both the demand and supply side of the natural gas story because it's so important to us and to other midstream companies. If you compare 2014 to 2015 with McKenzie is now estimated there will be an increase in demand year-to-year of 5%. Its projected increase from today's level of 76 Bcf a day to about 110 Bcf a day by 2025, that's an increase of 40%. Now, there are really four drivers of this growth. The first and probably the most interesting is electric generation. If you look at the 15 mix of generating output and this is according to the EIA, 32% is gas and 33% coal. For those of you who have been in this industry a long time or followed it you know that that represents a dramatic shift to the positive for natural gas. If you flash ahead again these are EIA numbers to 2030 their projection of the mix of generation is 39% gas, 18% coal. If you want to look at something closer to home or ERCOT in state of Texas through July of 2015 had a mix of 49% natural gas versus 39% a year ago. If you want to look at Kinder Morgan specifically our gas transportation volumes for electric generation are up 18% year-to-date 2015 versus the same period 2014. Nationally for the third quarter of this year a 4.4 Bcf a day increase from the third quarter of 2014. So these are real numbers, real occurrences that are happening in the natural gas storage. Woodmet [ph] projects 8.6 Bcf a day growth in electric generation load from 15 Bcf to 25 Bcf. Now renewables get a lot of attention and they should but let me put them into perspective. To be frank about it they’re small and less reliable. Wind and solar combined generated less than 5% of total U.S. generating load in 2014. And an indicative of the lack of reliability again 14 numbers capacity utilization for wind was 34% and solar 28%. Now that should not come as a surprise to anybody of any common sense because we should realize that the sun doesn't shine all the time and the wind doesn't blow all the time but some people have apparently neglected that understanding. But what this really means is that reliable flexible natural gas facilities are absolutely necessary to back up wind and solar. So to sum up the idea that we could move directly from coal to renewables without increasing natural gas usage for electronic generation is an unrealistic pipe dream with the substance and the pipe being legal only in Colorado and Washington State. Now, added to the demand picture is the retirement of more coal plants due to environmental regulations and a nuclear fueled instruments due to age and operational issues and you put all that together and you have a very bullish growth Outlook for natural gas and electric generation. But there are other factors. The second demand driver’s natural gas exports to Mexico. It’s a real and it’s growing. Let me give you the facts. Natural gas exports to Mexico for 2015 are expected to average 2.6 Bcf a day versus a 2014 average of 1.8 Bcf a day. That’s an increase of 44%. This summer we found that natural gas exports had at times exceeded 3 Bcf a day. Over the next four years, Mexico is expected to add 10.5 gigawatts of new natural gas capacity and it's expected that another 3.2 gigawatts of oil power capacity will switch to natural gas. Meanwhile as I think most of us know, Mexico’s gas production continues into decline. Additionally LNG imports to Mexico are on the decline and are expected to be completely phased out by 2023. All of these factors support projections that by 2025 natural gas exports to Mexico are expected to increase from the already elevated levels of 2015 by almost 3 Bcf a day. Third driver is the tremendous build-out of US industrial and petrochemical facilities. Let me give you the facts. The American Chemistry Council now counts 243 projects with a cumulative investment of $147 billion for the years 2010 to 2023. More germane, Texas alone accounts for 99 of those projects with the total value of over $48 billion and most of those are in Southeast Texas which is the sweet spot of the heartland of our natural gas facilities including Houston Corpus Christi and Beaumont. Global chemical demand is expected to double from 2000 to 2040. Wood Mack estimates that over 2.5 Bcf a day of additional natural gas will be required by 2018 from 2015 levels to meet industrial demand driven by these methanol fertilizer and petrochemical projects. Finally let's talk about LNG exports. There are no longer years away. FERC approved LNG export projects have 10.6 Bcf a day of capacity. By the end of this year Sabine Pass Train 1 will be in service with 650 million a day of capacity. By next year with Sabine Pass Trains 1 through 3 online LNG capacity will be 1.95 Bcf a day. By 2019 U.S. LNG export capacity will be 8.97 Bcf a day only counting FERC approved projects which have achieved final investment decision. Now those are the trends that are driving U.S. demand to that extraordinary growth I talked about to 110 Bcf estimated in 2025. Do we have the supply to meet that? The potential gas committee estimated that at the end of last year. The end of 2014, we had nearly 2,900 Tcf of proven and potential reserves and that would be over 100 years of remaining resources relative to the current U.S. natural gas demand. Now in addition to being affordable and abundant, I want to stress again some facts about the environmental friendliness of natural gas. In the midst about half the carbon dioxide emitted by coal and over 30% less than fuel oil according to the EIA. In fact natural gas has been essential to national and regional efforts to reduce carbon emissions. The White House’s counseled economics reported earlier this year -- economic advisers reported earlier this year, and I quote, natural gas is playing a central role in the transition to a clean energy future'. Report goes on to note that since 2007 energy-related CO2 emissions in the U.S. have fallen 10% and a significant factor contributing to the reduction was fuel switching from coal to natural gas for electric generation. On a regional basis I saw New England has stated that as a result of New England’s transition from coal and oil to natural gas from 2001 to 2013 regional emissions of CO2 fell by 23%. Regional emissions of NOx fell by 66% and regional emissions of SOx fell by 91%. Now what I've given you is a lot of facts. But they demonstrate to us that natural gas usage in this country is and will be robust and growing for an extended period of years. And for Kinder Morgan which transports about a third of all the natural gas consumed this paints a very positive business picture for years to come. And with that I will turn it over to Steve.
Steve Kean: Okay. And from --- what Rich has just said you can see why we are bullish about the fundamentals that drive our long-term value and I'm going to return to the shorter-term for a minute. I'm going to pick up on what Rich said about being judicious on use of common equity. Because we are generating cash in increasing amounts in our business, we have the flexibility to fund our investments in any number of ways, ranging from self funding them with the cash that we generate, all the way to disturbing our cash to shareholders and accessing capital markets to fund our growth expenditures. We believe our investors value the later, so we have been working within that framework. In a nutshell, what we have been working on and believe we have found is a way to break a cycle which we believe has negatively affected the value of our equity. Specifically, the challenging market for energy commodities this year has bled over to equity values for midstream energy companies. And because we have a significant backlog of projects, growth projects, which is a good thing, we have issued into this challenged equity market for the last two quarters, creating at least a perceived overhang in the market for our equity. We believe in the medium and long-term the market will value our common equity appropriately and we believe the market will value our particular structure that is a simplified large cap C-Corp with a substantial and growing dividend also appropriately. But until that happens, we sought an alternative means to fund our growth capital needs without needing to issue shares in the common equity market for the rest of this year and to mid-2016. That means not having to use the ATM or underwritten offerings or bought deal. It means not having to sell common equity at all for that period. Let me repeat that. It means not having to sell common equity at all for that period. We've chosen the alternative we plan to use and that choice reflects our bullishness on the long-term value of our common equity. And this comes from a management team and board with substantial holdings of common equity. So here's the bottom line for our equity investors. First we're taking off whatever pressure that our common equity issuances were having on the stock. Second, we're continuing to fund our growth projects, but at a lower long-term cost of equity capital than continuing to issue common equity in today's market. Third, we're growing the dividend while maintaining coverage of that dividend. Finally we are maintaining our investment-grade rating, which we believe, positions us well for acquisitions and expansions in this environment. Before turning to the segments and the project backlog there's an issue I'll try to address upfront. When we did our consolidation transaction last year, we projected 15% dividend growth in 2015 with 10% annual growth from 2016 to 2020 and substantial excess coverage over the 2015 to 2020 period. Here's what we expect. We have not started our 2016 budget reviews with the business units yet. But we expect to be able to cover a dividend that is 6% to 10% higher than the 2015 dividend which was 15% higher than last year. As we've said before with what's happened in energy over the last 12 months, the coverage we projected last year in the consolidation transaction has taken a substantial head. Nevertheless, and while projections through 2020 are very assumption driven, we believe we could still have grown the dividend at the rate we have projected last year, however, coverage would've been tight over the period and could have been negative part of the time. Other companies have elected to run at negative coverage, but we believe the prudent decision for KMI and we believe the market is telling us this, is to continuing to grow the dividend but preserve coverage over the period. Again, our underlying business is generating cash in increasing amounts. So for us it's not about finding a way to continue investing in attractive opportunities it’s a question about finding the right combination of dividend growth and coverage and the appropriate alternative financing and we think that in today's broader energy sector that's an enviable position to be in. I'll turn to the backlog in the segments; the backlog first, since the July update, our product backlog decreased by about 700 million from 22 billion to 21.3 billion. We placed almost $400 million worth of projects in service during the quarter, the largest one of which was the second splitter in the Houston Ship Channel which went into service early in the quarter. We added about $700 million for the projects in the quarter, much of that coming from the terminals business unit. We also removed about $1 billion worth of projects from the backlog. The largest piece of which is further reductions in our expansion capital expenditures and our CO2 business as a result of moving some of our EOR and S&T investments outside of the timeframe of the backlog. So, for the segments, in the third quarter, we produced 1.839 billion of segment earnings before DD&A which essentially flat to 2014 and that's a result of the decline in our CO2 segment year-over-year not being fully offset by the year-over-year improvement in our Products and Terminals business segments. For gas, gas was essentially flat year-on-year. We had commodity related volume impacts in our G&P sector. We had a roll-off -- a contract role off on KinderHawk in May, partially offset with -- an additional volume commitment on the Eagle Ford by that same shipper. We have the KML, Kinder Morgan Louisiana contract buyout that took place last year. We're having the effect of that this year on earnings before DD&A and roll-offs on the Cheyenne Plains system. Now those last three items were all anticipated in our budgeting process and we're still on track in gas to slightly exceed the 2015 plan. We had higher transport volumes, up 5% across the segment as we saw a 50% interest increase in power driven natural gas demand year-over-year and 18% year-to-date as Rich mentioned. Sales and gathered volumes were essentially flat year-over-year, Crude and Condensate gathered volumes and the Gas group were up 7% as a result of the addition of the Hiland gathering assets. We continue to see strong demand for long-term firm natural gas transportation capacity. We added 400 a day of firm long term commitments during the quarter that brings the total capacity signed up since December of 2013 to 9.1 Bcf of new and pending long-term commitments. Of that 9.1% it's worth noting 1.6 Bcf of that comes from existing previously unsold capacity. So these signups are adding to our project opportunities but also making better use of the existing capacity that we have. Couple of project updates here, we made great progress during the quarter signing up long-term commitments for capacity on the supply portion of Northeast Energy Direct. We have not yet moved this product into the backlog depending on some further progress on additional commitments. But the prospects for adding this to the NED Market Path product which is in our backlog materially improved during the quarter. We also had good progress on the NED Market Path. We went out with a customized offering for the electric load in New England a much-needed load and much-needed for gas. And we had a few favorable rulings and recommendations in the state regulatory processes including improving our existing LDC contracts and also creating a good opportunity to secure the electric load that we need to make this project very attractive economically. So we continue to see strong demand for existing and expansion capacity on our gas assets and we believe we're well-positioned for the growth that Rich outlined that we see in the years ahead for those markets. We did have a setback on the Elba project we got a scheduling order that slows the regulatory process deferred by four to five months versus what we expected. We may seek modifications to that order to try to improve on that schedule and we're certainly going to look for ways to call back some of that in the project execution phase. Turning to CO2, earnings there before DD&A were 282 million, down 22% year-over-year. For pricing reasons primarily also some volumes reasons as well. Our volumes are down year-over-year by 2% on a net basis now a few more points of that. First, the decline in that volume can be more than explained by a timing issue on Yates. Our net numbers that you see in the release are based on sold volumes. But some of the production in Yates was produced in September, but not transfer for sale until October, the amount of that totally offsets the year-over-year downturn for the whole net production of the group. Second, sack rock was down slightly for the quarter, but up 6% year-to-date and on track for a record year. Finally Goldsmith and Katz were both up year-over-year, but continue to be well below our plan. We had been successful in expecting cost savings in this segment. We continue to forecast reductions in our OpEx and maintenance CapEx of just under 25% for the year. We've also seen cost savings in our expansion projects and it’s demonstrated by the adjustments of the backlog, we are right sizing they spend in this segment in light of the current commodity price environment. Turning to the products group, segment earnings before DD&A were 287 million that’s up 29% year-over-year driven by the ramp-up of volumes on KMCC, our crude and condensate serving the Eagle Ford. The addition of Double H Pipeline from the Hiland acquisitions, improve performance on SFPP, as well as better year-over-year results on Cochin. Also early in the quarter we placed the second of our two splitters in service in the Houston Ship Channel. Volumes are strong here with refined products volumes up 2.5% on our systems year-over-year compared to a nationwide EIA growth rate of 1.5% and year-to-date we’re running a little bit over 3%. We continue to advance our Palmetto refined products pipeline project and our Utopia NGL pipeline project. Turning to Terminals, segment earnings before DD&A were 263 million, up 6% from last year. This segment is the tale of two cities. Our liquids business performing very well both in terms of ongoing business and the growth opportunities while our bulk business has been hit with declining coal and steel business impact of the Alpha Natural Resources bankruptcy on our coal business. FX was also a negative factor for the Canadian portion of our terminals operations. On the liquids side we’re benefiting from higher renewal rates particularly in Houston benefiting from expansions in Houston and Edmonton that we brought online and from additions to our Jones Act tanker fleet. We also announced earlier in the quarter the Philly Tankers acquisition which takes our fleet up to 16 vessels all but two of which are under charter and the other two are in active negotiation even before they roll out of the yard. We announced yesterday a joint venture with BP on about 9.5 million barrels of their refined product storage assets. This is exactly the kind of deal we want to do with companies that have midstream business assets embedded in a larger organization. We believe we can make a win-win here with BP. BP will contract for substantial capacity in support of their marketing activity and then we have the ability to operate and attract third party business, operate this more efficiently and attract third party business to these assets. We look forward to expanding our already productive relationship with them and finding other opportunities like this.  Finally for Canada, the segment is down 8 million year-over-year all of which can be explained by FX. The pipeline system itself continues to benefit from high utilization. And the big news as always here at the Trans Mountain expansion project. We received our draft conditions in August, a little bit later than what we had expected. We believe they will be manageable though we did seek some important changes, especially around the time required to approve specific portions of the bill. One of our expert witnesses was hired or appointed to the NEB out of an abundance of caution the NEB ordered us to file substitute testimony which we did in September, but the result of all this was they delayed date for their decision, their recommendation from the end of January 2016 to the end of May, May 20, 2016. We're still working through the full effect of that and the ultimate impact on our in-service date is ultimately going to depend on the final conditions that we receive in May, however we're going to do the best we can here to give you an estimate of the range of that impact and we estimate today a range of in-service dates between yearend 2018 and October 2019. Again there are lots of moving parts here and we're going to be working hard on our detailed project execution plan to optimize all that, but that's about the best guidance we can give you sitting here today on the in-service dates. A reminder also that this expansion is under long-term contracts, which have been approved by the NEB. We're very excited about this project. It’s very good for our shareholders. We're going to get it done, but we are experiencing this delay. That is it for the segment and project updates, so I will turn it over to Kim.
Kim Dang: Thanks Steve. Looking at the GAAP income statement first before I move to DCF. On the face of the GAAP income statement, you will see that revenues are down significantly versus the corresponding period last year. But you'll also see that OpEx is significantly reduced. If you net out the certain items that impact revenues and OpEx, the largest of which are the $198 million contract buyout on KMLA in the third quarter 2014 and the CO2 mark-to-market. OpEx was down slightly more than revenue, both in the quarter and year-to-date. As I said the last two quarters changes in revenues is not a good predictor of our performance. We have some businesses where revenues and expenses fluctuate with commodity prices, but margin generally does not. We also do not think that EPS is a good performance indicator. But for those of you who need EPS without certain items for compliance reasons, the EPS without certain items is approximately $0.16 a share. We believe the better indicator of our performance is the cash that we generate which we express in DCF per share in the cash that we distribute which is the dividend per share and so with that I'll go to our calculation of distributable cash flow. As Rich said, we're declaring a dividend today of $0.51 which is an increase of $0.16 over the third quarter of last year. Year-to-date that results in dividends of $1.58, which is a 15% increase over the $1.48 declared for the nine month in 2014. We generated DCF for the quarter of $1.129 billion and 3.47 billion for the first nine months of the year. Both periods are up significantly over the prior year. The prior-year results are fused in transaction closed and so the lot of the benefit in DCF is due to the fact that the MLPs are no longer outstanding. And you can see that benefit in the line entitled MLP declared distribution. I think the better way to look at our results is to look at the DCF per share which takes into account both the benefits to DCF of the transaction as well as the cost of the 1.1 billion shares that we issued to purchase the MLPs. DCF per share is $0.51 in the third quarter versus $0.44 in the third quarter last year which is an increase of approximately 21%. Year-to-date we have generated $1.58 versus $1.29 that we paid or 22% increase. The $0.51 in DCF per share for the quarter results in coverage of about one times in the quarter and for year-to-date we have coverage of well over $200 million. Now there are couple of certain items that I should mention and then I'll give you some details on our full-year outlook. We reported in the quarter $387 million non-cash impairment on our Goldsmith deal, which is in our CO2 segment. Now it’s primarily driven by lower crude prices. The other certain items of any significance to fair value amortization and the mark-to-market, we see those in most quarters and we've discussed them in the past. The only exception is in the other category. It includes a $22 million write-off of receivables associated with the Alpha bankruptcy. The $22 million represents revenues reported in periods prior to 2015. The $50 million negative impact associated with 2015 revenues is shown in the segment. And this is consistent with our philosophy of trying to strip out of our segments prior periods one times and the sporadic cost and benefits to show you the ongoing cash generating ability of our assets. Now the full-year outlook, first, we expect to end the year with approximately $300 million in excess coverage which is below our budget by about $350 million. But let me put this in perspective. That reduction is just 6% of our total BCF and only about 5% of our EBITDA. Now looking through the components of that if you utilize the metrics that we gave you in January, of the $10 million change in DCF for every dollar change incurred and a $3 million change in DCF for every $0.10 change in natural gas the impacts to our results is approximately $235 million. That is a little less than -- that's a little -- that’s approximately a $70 million deterioration from what we expected at the time of the second quarter call due to deteriorations in commodity prices subsequent to that call. As we talked about last quarter our sensitivity assumed a constant NGL to crude ratio. That ratio is actually deteriorated from what we had in our budget meaning that NGL prices have deteriorated more than crude prices. We estimate that impact to be a little bit less than $30 million. The direct commodity exposure accounts for a significant portion of our coverage variance. Lower CO2 volumes, lower midstream volumes and the decline in the Canadian exchange rate on a combined basis are about $100 million impact. So, those items when you add them altogether gives you pretty close to where we expect to end up. Now, there are lots of moving pieces of other moving pieces. We the benefits in interest expense. We've seen CO2 and other cost savings. We've got downsized in coal and steel in our Terminals business. We've lower oil production volumes in our CO2 segment. We've got lower volumes from some of our product assets and we've got lower capital is overhead as a result of reduced expansion CapEx. But all of these other moving pieces essentially net-out to be a small positive. Now, to look at the individual pieces to give a little bit more granularity. We expect natural gas to end the year slightly above budget as Steve mentioned. We expect that the positive impact of the Hiland acquisition to largely be offset by the lower commodity prices and lower gathering and processing volumes affecting our midstream business. We expect CO2 to end the year approximately 15% below and that's actually a little bit more than our commodity price sensitivity would indicate. And that's being driven by lower crude oil volumes, lower CO2 volumes, and lower capitalized overhead, slightly offset by about $43 million in cost savings. We expect Terminals to end the year about 6% below its budget and that's associated with lower coal and steel volumes. The largest piece being the $22 million impact of the Alpha bankruptcy and the FX associated with the weaker Canadian dollar. We expect products to end the year slightly below its budget and there the positive impact of Double Eagle pipeline which was acquired in the Hiland acquisition. Is slightly more than offset by about -- is slightly more than offset by about $20 million of commodity prices on the segment, that's consistent with our sensitivity that we gave you and lower volumes on a number of assets. We expect KMCC to be below its budget by the year due to FX and that's going to be about, we think about $20 million. We expect to have positive variances versus our budget and interest, negative variance in G&A. Those two items largely offset each other. The variance in G&A is driven by incremental G&A from the new Hiland employees and lower capitalized overhead as a result of lower expansion capital spending. On interest, incremental interest associated with the Hiland transaction is more than offset by lower balance and lower rates. Finally, we expect cash taxes and sustaining CapEx to come in lower than our budget, said in another way, we expect them to be a favorable variance versus our budget. And with that I'll move to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with about $42.5 billion in debt. That translates into debt to EBITDA of about 5.8 times. That is consistent with where we ended the second quarter. We still expect to end the year at about 5.6 times debt to EBITDA. The change in debt for the quarter, there was a reduction in debt about $172 million. And for the full year it's an increase in debt of 1.845 billion. So let me reconcile those for you. On the quarter we spent about a little less than $980 million in expansion CapEx and contributions to equity investments. We made $50 million pension contribution. We had about $7 million in warrant repurchase. We issued equity of $1.27 billion. We had coverage of $2 million and that we had working capital and other items of just over $60 million. Year-to-date the 1.845 we spent about $6 billion this year just under that on acquisitions expansion capital and contributions to equity investments still in our investment program. About $3.3 billion of that was acquisitions, about $2.65 billion was on expansion capital. We made a pension contribution of $50 million. We repurchased north of $12 million. We issued a little over $3.8 billion in equity. We had a tax refund of $194 million that came in the first quarter. We've had coverage of about $228 million and then working capital and other items or use of cash of about $45 million. So with that, I will turn it over to Rich.
Rich Kinder: Okay. And with that Vance if you come back on, we'll take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Shneur Gershuni with UBS. Your line is now open.
Rich Kinder: Hi, Shneur. How are you doing?
Shneur Gershuni: Good. How are you Rich?
Rich Kinder: Good.
Shneur Gershuni: Good. Just a couple of quick questions. You know, I guess if we can start off with your financing plans that you alluded to in the prepared remarks. I guess you talked about widening of the dividend growth range which is probably prudent in this current market environment. But you also mentioned no need for equity into the second half of next year. I imagined excess dividend coverage is part of it but I was wondering if you can elaborate on how you're thinking about it, are you thinking about a convert. Is that something that the rated agency typically scores equity? Any incremental of color would definitely be helpful to understand the financing plans for next year.
Rich Kinder: Well, unfortunately SEC rules prohibit us from really going into any more detail, but as Steve said, we have picked a vehicle and we intend to implement that.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay. Fair enough. I was wondering if we can talk about the backlog next. You've removed some projects from the CO2 bucket, but to also did net add $700 million worth of projects. I was wondering if you can talk about in an environment where we're much longer for lower commodity environment. Outside of CO2 what do you think the sensitivity of commodity prices would be to the balance of the backlog? Is there a price that you're thinking about today that has sort of benchmarks what gets into the backlog and so forth? If you could give us some color as to how we think about that that would be helpful.
Rich Kinder: Yeah. It's really not commodity-price driven at all. So, what we are putting in the backlog outside of CO2 which is a little bit different. I'll come back to that in a second. What we're putting into the backlog are things that we have contracts on and we're waiting on a permit. Some of the stuff that's in the backlog is already under construction. We just don't have revenue yet because it having gone into service. So, these are high probability projects that are secured by contracts for the customer is really taking the risk on what the volume is going to be and what the commodity price is going to be ultimately. So, these are really with the exception of CO2 which again I'll come back to these are midstream assets were people are buying the space from us and securing and under contracts and then we go get it approved and build it. And if we think it's a high probability that it gets done, it makes into the backlog. That's really the criteria. It's that probability of completing it and getting revenue from it for our investors. CO2 -- and I have said this before when we have talked about additions to the CO2 backlog in the past in a different commodity price environment. CO2 is programmatic spend. Right? It is driven more by -- we are going to invest in this development or we are going to invest in this expansion, because we think the pricing is there to support it. And we try to be conservative in the pricing and all of that. But that’s a little bit more programmatic and therefore is more driven by commodity spend -- or commodity pricing. Now, the other thing that’s going on in CO2 this year that you will see is that the S&T part of our business, we feel like we've got -- we've got a much smaller CapEx plan that we need in order to meet the demand for CO2 as we see it. And so we've scaled back investments, for example, we talked about the Lobos pipeline earlier. We had talked about the Cortez pipeline, which we're proceeding with in part. We've scaled back that to deal with a current flattening of demand, call it, in the CO2 environment. The other thing that’s happened in a CO2 is that we've had good results on the projects we have proceeded with. So for Cow Canyon, for example, we were not even quite halfway into our drilling program. We had very good results and we don't see the need to finish that program until we see additional demand. The additional production that we got from the first six wells or so was enough to take care of what we think we need. So that’s how the backlog shapes up. You've got to separate CO2 from the other midstream parts of the business and those are contractually secured. 
Shneur Gershuni: Just one last question if I may, you talk about the backlog being contracted and so forth. I was wondering if you can remind us of your customer breakdown. If I remember correctly you're not that linked to the producers and it's more to utilities and industrial customers. I was wondering, if you happen to have that breakdown of customers on hand as to how it looks in your backlog and legacy business?
Rich Kinder: Yes. There are a couple of ways to get at that. I mean, first of all we have a very broad customer base. So we have very few customers that account for even more than 1% save our revenues. So we’ve got utilities. We have producers like BP and Shell are very large customers of ours, Utilities our large customers, the refiners, the integrators all of them and producers and LNG. So we’ve got a very broad group. The other way of looking at it is just kind of where our growth is coming from. And I think in this 9.1 Bcf I think there's about -- I'm talking about the gas side now. The 9.1 Bcf of what we've signed up. About a third each goes to LNG and producers and then the other third is made up of utilities and Mexico. So that's how that breaks down.
Shneur Gershuni: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brandon Blossman with Tudor Pickering Holt and Company. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Good afternoon.
Brandon Blossman: Good afternoon, everyone. I guess, Steve to get back to the financing question in the alternate forms. Won't hit on that specifically, but you have a plan for the next call it nine months plus. What do you need to the change -- the answer is probably pretty apparent but what you need to see in change in terms of common equity to be comfortable going back to that as a form of financing. It is just a yield program problem or is it a depth or liquidity problem for the common?  A - Steve Kean It's not a liquidity problem in any way, shape or form. We're very liquid security and the market has a significant appetite for the security. So, it's really more the cost of equity capital to us and what we believe we're seeing Brandon is a temporary situation where the cost of that common equity is higher than, at least in our opinion our judgment, higher than it should be. And it has created a situation where we can access alternative forms of capital at a lower long-term cost of capital for this interim period whatever it turns out to be. They once need particular magic in doing it to mid next year other than to communicate to you and all the other investors out there that we have options and we can stay out of the common equity market for a significant period of time. So, there's not a magic number that we have in mind to come back and it's really going to be more driven by the cost of our available sources of capital and I think we're going to be demonstrating to you that we have flexibility in that regard.
Brandon Blossman: Thank you. That's actually very helpful. And then on the project aside, Northeast Direct, is it fair to make the assumption that the power product for the demand side of the project was tied to the Massachusetts ruling and is it necessary for other states to kind of have a similar ruling in terms of allowing gas supply into the power gen rate base.
Rich Kinder: That's just thrilling, it very positive obviously. Beyond that, Steve.
Steve Kean: I will start and end time can fill in too. So, what we call the PowerServe, the offering that’s specific to power generators or the power market, let's call it, predated the Massachusetts order. But the Massachusetts order was very affirming in that regard, we believe. It’s the recognition of and the need to provide a mechanism for approving and recovering the cost associated with the needed upstream firm gas transportation capacity. So those things go very much hand in glove in our mind. Other states will be doing their own processes to figure out how they are going to approach the securing of the contracts they need for their power generating sectors. But we're very optimistic about that. Now having said that, we're not going to come back next month and expect to see a whole bunch of the power loads signed up. We think this is going to take time, because these things are processes. What Massachusetts is going to do is they are going to expect, I think, utilities to go out with some kind of a competitive process. And so it will take us some time. But we are very -- we're delighted with the steps that have been taken so far to put us in a position to place more of this capacity in the service of the power sector. Tom?
Tom Martin: Yeah. I guess the only thing that I would add to that, Steve, is that New Hampshire was also very positive in their PUC process and comments about natural gas and the need for additional infrastructure into the region. New England ISO has been very positive along the way needing -- dating if there's needed additional reliability with the electric grid in this area by adding additional infrastructure. And we can't say a lot about the open season process, but I think there is interest in debt that’s showing consistent with, kind of, the trend of showing a need for an incremental infrastructure into the region. So I think there have been some very positive developments here over the last quarter. 
Steve Kean: And look -- let me just pound the table one more time on this issue. Just in the past few weeks you’ve had another nuclear facility announced that its closing down. The thought is that there will be a second one. And that's on top of one that was already scheduled to be shut down. You can't take 500 or 600 megawatts out and expect not to be able to use natural gas to fuel your needs for electric generation and the idea that somehow a swan is going to swooped down and deliver wind power or solar panel in the next few months or years even to New England is just not facing reality. And the only practical choice in our judgment and it's a mix of a lot of things but natural gas has got to play we believe a major role in generating capacity in New England. And this is the whole underpinning of the whole Northeast Direct project on top of the very nice LDC demand that we have already buttoned up.
Brandon Blossman: Yes, okay. So moving in your favor I understand that there are many sunny days in the Northeast as one would like. And just finally real quick $630 million a day on the supply portion of Northeast Direct actually is in my mind a surprisingly large amount but it sounds like you guys are still looking for more on that side of the project? 
Steve Kean: Yeah, we’re kind of -- we’re still a little bit early in getting some of the LDC piece of that. So that’s really it’s kind of a producer push and some local significant local power demand and a little bit of LDC. But we think there is more of the utility load coming and so we're actively working on that and think we'll get some of it.
Rich Kinder: Yeah. Who know a lot here more over the next three or four months.
Brandon Blossman: Okay. Thank you very much guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Darren Horowitz with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: How are you doing?
Darren Horowitz: Hey, fine. Thanks Rich, hope you and everyone are doing well. Steve couple of quick questions. The first to the extent that you can answer. With regard to lowering your long-term cash to capital, can you just give us even if it's a rough quantification the magnitude of cost to capital savings that you guys have penciled up with regard to reinvesting free cash flow versus the issuance of common equity burden by multiyear dividend growth ahead? Am I'm just curious venue did the analysis of that cost of savings, was it more built of the extrapolation of 6% to 7% annual debt growth through the end of the decade or what was the duration and how much do you think you can save.
Steve Kean: Unfortunately Darren I cannot get into those specifics. But I think I can say that it was a substantial savings and enough so that we are prepared to execute on it.
Darren Horowitz: Okay. Well, if I could just shift gears back to in your prepared commentary about being flexible for the opportunity of third-party assets. How do you think the Northeast infrastructure supply/demand dynamic changes not just the rear depending that is out there and maybe the impact on either commercializing the supply portion of NED or maybe commercializing the revised scale or scope of you and PT but am also thinking about any sort of opportunities that you guys see from a demand pull infrastructure perspective, maybe some logistical opportunities. Maybe some with increase residual value that gives the opportunity to leverage our refined product business or your terminal footprint. Any commentary there would be helpful.
Rich Kinder: I think there are lot of opportunities and I think that as we've said so many times, having the footprint and the diverse assets that we have is a big plus in working out those kind of possibilities. And so obviously we see a lot of upside and a lot of potential. It doesn't take -- everybody is aware of the fact that you've got a whole bunch of gas and liquids basically being underutilized or underpriced coming out of the fastest growing, producing region in America. And getting those to the most needed market or where the greatest need is, New England is the first priority. But as we've said all along, we've reversed size proportions of Tennessee system to get it back down to this area to serve LNG load, the petrochemical load that I referred to. So there's just a whole bunch of opportunities for us. And I think as we build these new projects they will lead to additional opportunities just as the Tennessee system has led to all these opportunities over the last couple of years. Tom anything else on that? 
Steve Kean: No.
Darren Horowitz: Thanks Rich.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Reichman with Simmons & Company. Your line is open.
Steve Kean: Hey Mark, how are you doing?
Mark Reichman: Good. Just a quick question on the rating agencies. I think on the last call you -- it was mentioned that they were willing to live with the elevated credit metrics until Alba and Trans Mountain were starting to contribute which would show some improvements in the credit metrics. And I was just wondering now that it looks like both of those projects are experiencing some -- maybe some modest delays to the schedule, what have your conversations been with the rating agencies and how they in terms of what they are kind of looking for and timeframes for living with an elevated credit metric?
Kim Dang: So, this is recent news both on Trans Mountain and Elba, but with -- if the projects get pushed out, so does the spent. And so what’s driving the leverage to stay high over time is the fact that you're spending dollars with no cash flow coming in. And so I believe will be able to manage through that.
Mark Reichman: And so that kind of maybe plays into managing spending and retaining more cash flow to fund growth as well as to deal with the weaker fundamental environment?
Kim Dang: I don't really think about the projects and the project delays being linked to our decision to go to the range or to look at coverage. No.
Mark Reichman: Okay. And…
Rich Kinder: Let me just say again, just to be very clear on the range. As Steve and Kim have both indicated, we’re just at the beginning of our budget process for 2016. So we're just giving you a range. It doesn't mean it won't be 10%. We've given you a range from 6% to 10%. And we are going to be very judicious about how we approach the whole situation. But it is a range. It’s not excluding the upper end of the range at all. So I think that's important to keep in mind as we move forward.
Mark Reichman: Thank you. That’s very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kristina Kazarian with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Kristina Kazarian: Hey guys I appreciate, so can you guys just talk a little bit maybe help me get some clarity around the decision to lower the bottom end of the range to 6%. How did you settle on that number and then what it implies for the longer-term range that we people have been using on 17%, 18%, and 19% if there is anything there.
Steve Kean: The 6% to 10% is just the uncertainty that we have the before we go into the budget process and wanted to make sure that we're going to be able to fulfill that and also aim for an appropriate amount of coverage. And in terms of kind of the longer range I don't know how much you can really read into that. I think that you have to look at all of the kind of twos and froze within our underlying assumptions. If you go back to where we were when we announced a consolidation transaction and just try to examine what has changed over that year. I mean certainly the one thing that's a negative that we talked about at length has been a change in commodity prices that direct and indirect impact of that. On the plus side, we had a much improved tax depreciation benefit and attacks depreciation number from what we had when we originally rolled out the assumptions around the consolidation transaction. Such that we know feel pretty confident. We're not going to be any kind of a significant cash taxpayer until 2020. If you think about the other things of that we're moving at the time, we also I think we projected some capital spend. I think we have been physically on track on the amount of capital that we've deployed although we do have some pluses and minuses assisted with project delays or we have some minuses associated with project delays. So I think we've been able to find plenty of opportunities to invest in the capital. And then, try and think, there's one other factor in there that built into -- we did not include anything for acquisitions. So we, I think, had a couple hundred million dollars and we had some small, kind of, tuck-in acquisitions assumed at the time and if we did any significant -- one or two significant acquisitions over the time period that would be potential upside to those numbers. So…
Kristina Kazarian: I was going to say -- when I think about it historically that normally gives me the budget update, I think, in December. Do I think about from a long-term perspective maybe I get an update in December, do I get it what's like the next Analyst Day. How just roughly should I be thinking about this?
Steve Kean: Generally, we have updated our guidance in January. But I think go back to what Steve said at the beginning, which is, when we did Fusion, we believe we could grow at 10% per year and we had substantial excess coverage. And what we're saying today is that the deterioration in the energy markets have essentially taken away a lot of that excess cover, so some of our flexibility. And so we could still choose to grow at the 10%, but coverage might be -- could be -- we don't know projections and very assumptions could be very tight and so we're just going to give ourselves the flexibility as we go forward to decide on how much coverage and how much to grow.
Kristina Kazarian: Really helpful. And then just lastly when I'm thinking about your target leverage level for year end. I know we talked about the 5.6 times. How do we think about that number for, say, like 2016, 2017? Like, what's a longer-term target I should be thinking of?
Steve Kean: In terms of the debt to EBITDA, I think what we have expected is to run at the higher end of the range 5.6 for a number of years until we get the -- until we get TransMountain some of the other projects on and then we would expect that to decline to the low five.
Kristina Kazarian: Okay. Thanks guys. And I appreciate your market commentary at the beginning. It was really helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ted Durbin with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Ted, how are you?
Ted Durbin: Hello Rich, doing all right. I guess, I hate to be the dead horse but the coverage issue is really what I'm kind of focused here and it just feels like moving 8% to the midpoint for 2016 how do we think about that on a multiyear basis. You historically rank KMP pretty tight on coverage. Are you saying that you think because of the lower for longer environment coverage needs to be wider. I am just trying to get a sense of where your head is on coverage?
Rich Kinder: So again I think what we’re -- and we think the market is telling us of this that, where things are valued right now and at our current equity yield, it doesn't appear that people are really valuing the growth in dividend so much as they are kind of some stability around that. And so what we are trying to dial into here is to make sure that over the period over the next several years we have a growing dividend and really a substantially growing dividend because the underlying cash flows in our business are growing, but then we dial in appropriate coverage on that. And so we're going to be striking that the balance as we go but that’s I think the message we are hearing from the market and that's what we're acting on.
Steve Kean: And I think another important factor is we're continuing to generate the cash flow. As I said, if we want to grow at 10% we can grow at the 10%. So, what I think people ought to be concerned about is what's happening in the underlying business. And then we can make adjustments as we understand what the market value. So, if the dividends are more important, we can pay those out. If is more important to have some flex ability than to have coverage then we can do that. So, I think -- and let me just say we've been saying for a number of months now that the coverage has been substantially diminished versus the time we did fusion because of the dramatic change in commodity market. But -- and so, what we are saying today is no different with respect to what's happening underneath to our assets. All we're doing is telling you how we're going to be flexible in the future with respect to the dividend. 
Ted Durbin: Understood. And I guess then again thinking through then the backlog and how you are thinking about the hurdle rates on projects. Does -- I guess what you're saying is you're not happy with where the evaluation is in the equity they changed at all the investment criteria you're using around CapEx?
Steve Kean: We still in every project that we pursue, we're looking to get the highest possible return available in the market. That really hasn't changed. Now, when it comes to the cost of the capital -- so all of the stuff that's in our backlog is accretive. It's beneficial to our investors even with today's elevated yield and elevated cost of capital. And obviously cuts into it a little bit the longer it lasts but are still very attractive investments even at our current cost of capital. And will continue to be very judicious. And we are constantly reviewing among us and the business unit Presidents what our cost of capital is, on a long-term basis what it is, on the near-term basis, and making sure that we are being very careful to get returns that are an attractive premium to the cost of capital that we're incurring. 
Ted Durbin: And then the last one, I think I heard a comment, Steve, you said you don't think you're not going to be a cash taxpayer until 2020. I thought the number was more like 2017 or 2018. What changed there, that that's going to be up? 
Steve Kean: We now anticipate we will not be a significant federal tax payer -- cash tax payer until 2020. And that as Steve was saying, life in general is a mixed bag of things positives and negatives. And with return to -- in terms of the product Fusion what happened was, the negative obviously when we did that, we have the commodity price forward curve much higher than it is today. Somewhat offsetting that is the fact that the cash -- the tax situation has improved and we've been able to extend the period during which we would not be a meaningful cash taxpayer. So that is a positive. 
Ted Durbin: Great. I'll leave it at that. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeremy Schmidt with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeremy Schmidt: Good afternoon.
Rich Kinder: Good afternoon. How are you doing?
Jeremy Schmidt: Good. Thanks for the color today. I was just curious about the -- this vehicle that you talked about, that you can't give too much color on right now. When would you be in a position to tell us more? Is there any timing -- timelines that you could share with us as far as when you could tell us more about it? 
Rich Kinder: No timelines. I'm afraid it's as straightforward as you will know it when you know it. And everybody will know it at the same time. 
Jeremy Schmidt: Got you. And as far as this vehicle was concerned does this improve leverage or does it just keep you out of the equity markets. Is there anything that you can share with us on that?
Rich Kinder: Think the only thing for the general things that we already said which is what we are fundamentally trying to manage to. One is accessing the capital markets what we think is on a long-term list cost of capital available today, right basis. And second is maintaining investment grade rating. And third of course it should of been first is maximizing value to our shareholders and so that’s really the criteria that we used to evaluate among the alternatives that were available to us.
Jeremy Schmidt: Got you. Great. And then just one last one it's really early in the process and I know obviously commodity prices have been a big part of it just wondering when you're thinking about 2016 guidance and you talk about some uncertainty there that could drive dividend growth within that range of 6% to 10%, what are the other factors you see that her big variables that could push the results toward one end or the other?
Rich Kinder: The reason again for the range is just that we haven't gotten the specificity yet that we need to really be able to answer that question. The things that drive our business typically when we get into the budget process is a big focus that we place on costs. That focus will be there again this year just as it always is, want to operate safely but efficiently. The impacts - the year-over-year impacts of the projects that have come online in 2015, the year-over-year impacts of contracts that have renewed, our assumptions about future renewals during the year and there will be pluses and minuses across the whole network that we'll be taking into account. We think that for a business of our size, it's remarkable that we can call our shots really as well as we can and that's a function of the underlying stability of our business and we've historically been able to be very tight about our projection and put together a good budget. But those are the drivers that we look at really every year.
Jeremy Schmidt: Great. Thanks for that. And then just one last one if I could. Just with regards to M&A out there, how do you guys to see the market at this point in time and does this vehicle preclude you from doing anything in that arena?
Rich Kinder: It certainly doesn't preclude us, but I'll let Dax Sanders our VP of Corporate Development talk a little bit about the M&A market.
Dax Sanders: Yeah. Just give me a little flavor of the market and I kind of break the market into three buckets based on value. With respect to asset deals and kind of what I call low to mid nine figures are called a few hundred million dollars I think we're starting to see some opportunities. We have the just announced the BP deal and I think we're going to find some more deals over the next six to 12 months that are similar in size. There are no guarantees, but I think there's going to be some opportunities to do one or more deals in that range. They don't necessarily move the needle as much as larger deal that are nice investments nevertheless. You move up a little bit, it’s a potential asset deal, single asset deals that are in the plus range with have continue to evaluate deals in that range and have looked at quite a few easily, but we're really just haven't to gotten their own valuation. I think the bid off the spread issue that's so often discussed is persistent there. When taken into account some of those expectations on price and just the risks inherent that we simply haven't seen situation where we wanted to pull the trigger and I really have no idea when that is going to change. With respect to larger corporate deals, who knows, as always those types of deals are much more difficult to do generally and especially to predict when they might be done. And of course regarding any large deal we have to make sure that our shareholders are rewarded for going down that path. 
Rich Kinder: Yeah. And nothing in what we're planning -- nothing, and as I said at the beginning, what we are trying to do including by maintaining investment grade rating is keep ourselves in good position to access that M&A market for opportunities that are attractive to us. 
Jeremy Schmidt: And anything on the international side of interest there, really kind of a North American focus? 
Rich Kinder: So far still a North American focus. I mean, would have to have really superb attractive returns to go outside of North America, I think, and we see plenty of continuing opportunities in North America. But, again, as we've said, knowledge and the fact that we're no longer an MLP means that it gives us more ability, more flexibility to do projects outside of North America. But again that would have to be very high return projects for us.
Jeremy Schmidt: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Faisel Khan with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Hi Faisel. How are you doing?
Faisel Khan: Good. How are you doing Rich? Thanks for the time. Just -- Dax, going back to your comments around M&A. I appreciate you just putting it up into three different buckets. On the third bucket, the large corporate M&A, are you saying that the valuations still don't look attractive or is it -- you've seen a lot of carnage in the MLP and midstream space. I'm just trying to understand, sort of, what your view is on the value, the corporate that sit in the market today. 
Rich Kinder: Yeah. So by the third bucket I assume you mean the large unit, you know, as we always say you’ve got to have three things. First, you got the lumpy assets; you have to convert the three things. First, you got the lumpy assets and then you got to have the evaluation and then you got to have the social issues. You’ve got to have sort of the perfect conversions of those three items to make a deal happen and obviously we can't comment on any specific situation. But I think probably any situation you can -- have it three of those converges is just extremely difficult and extremely difficult to predict when that's going to happen.
Faisel Khan: Okay. And in terms of sort of financing your growth I mean, if you look out in the debt markets today what's your preferred sort of mode in terms of financing your capital spending, is it through fixed floating or and how your debt issuance costs look today versus where they were six months ago?
Rich Kinder: Yeah, so we're going to find in order to maintain investment grade. So whatever mix of equity and debt that we need to do to maintain investment grade. Typically on new issuances we are funding on the debt side about 50% equity and about -- about 50% fixed and about 50% on floating. So we’re about 25% floating overall right now and that's just because when we did El Paso that acquisition came with a lot of fixed debt. But on an ongoing basis typically we're swapping about 50% of our debt. 
Faisel Khan: Okay.
Rich Kinder: Floating…
Faisel Khan: Okay. Got you. And then on the cost as your debt issuance cost remain roughly the same over the last six months but it seems some issuers sort of see their spreads blow out a little bit even though their investment grade?
Rich Kinder: Yeah, our spreads have widened some but the treasury has come down a little bit as well. So it is a little bit higher today than it was six months ago.
Faisel Khan: Okay. Got you. And as I'm looking at your guys backlog of $21 billion so what is the procurement plan in that -- for that backlog of for steel and pipe and other materials. We've seen the stronger dollar and we've seen the steel costs come down. So, what's the plan to try to reduce the cost of that backlog and sort of increasing returns or is there a plan to sort of look at that?
Rich Kinder: Well, there is always the plan to get everything for -- get it as cheaply as we can and to maximize our return by only spending as much as we have to and only spending at one we have to. And so, we do that kind of on a project-by-project basis and Faisal, it is really a mix of things across the spectrum. Sometimes we will get steel trackers that are negotiating because that is a variable commodity and on a lead-time project, you're not sure what it's going to be when you get there. We've gone from having steel trackers. We have done some preorders. We've done a variety of things and its really pretty situation-specific, but we're very focused on fighting the lowest-cost provider and reducing the spend as much as we can and managing it as close to when the revenue when the money starts to come in as we possibly can. And if anything I think we're putting even more focus on that then we have historically. It's just we're watching all those things very closely.
Kim Dang: And to go back to your question on debt issuance. I think it would be a little less than 100 basis points more expensive today than it was at mid-year.
Faisel Khan: Okay. Got you and then just on the backlog, so does that incorporate sort of where steel costs are today and where they were sort of six to nine months ago?
Rich Kinder: We keep those things up-to-date. We review our major projects every month. And we also -- at least once a quarter, we go through the -- what our procurement group is showing us as the price per horsepower, the price per a ton of steel, the price for various diameters of pipe et cetera. So we're tracking that pretty closely and every month we're asking, do we have cost savings. Are we starting to see contractors cut their prices because they're desperate for business, same thing with equipment providers, material providers and the rest of it and is it a mix. Things are still pretty active in Houston and so we are not seeing much in the way of breaks there. But there are other places clearly where contractors are getting hungrier, particularly in the CO2 business, but also in some of our other assets. So we're -- we’re just -- I don't know how better to answer it than to say we're very much on top of it. 
Faisel Khan: That’s fair. I appreciate the time. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers. Your line is open.
Craig Shere: Good evening, folks.
Rich Kinder: How are you doing?
Craig Shere: Good. I appreciate the call and keeping it going little longer here. Sorry to beat a dead horse. Did I understand the answer to Brandon's question about this alternative vehicle and the timing through not only second half this year, but first half next year as just being, we got to pick some point in time and this could -- we could really differ the equity issuance on an ongoing basis beyond that. We're picking this point in time to start. Is that what I thought I heard you say?
Rich Kinder: What we are saying is that we have mapped out a plan to avoid the necessity of going into the common equity market through the middle of next year -- rest of this year and the middle of next year. And beyond that we will take a look at what we want to do beyond that. But again as Steve said just looking at this with the kind of yield we're trading at right now it just didn't make any sense to us to continue to have that overhang out there on issuing common equity. And so our view is to take that off the table, and longer-term and most importantly achieve on the long-term basis a cheaper cost of equity financing.
Craig Shere: Okay. I’ll let it go at that.
Steve Kean: I'm sorry, we can't share more with you, but our General Counsel is sitting across the table from me. So, we just can't say any more under applicable rules without being -- we don't want to be front running anything. So as Steve said, you’ll know I think soon enough and we'll go from there.
Craig Shere: Okay. And did I miss any comments about potential workaround for Palmetto given the Georgia decision in May?
Steve Kean: I can touch on it briefly just that we continue to make progress on that project we believe it has a real value to Georgia and Florida consumers and we have customers for it signed up. And so we are pursuing our appeal of the Georgia DOT decision. We believe we've demonstrated the need that our customers certainly have by having signed up the contracts that they did. And so we continue to make progress on it and continue to pursue it and believe we'll get it done.
Craig Shere: Okay. And that's helpful. It's understandable that the EOR investment is coming down and some of the CO2. My question with SACROC kind of the lowest level now since third quarter 2014, we had a little drop this quarter. What if this goes on for what have you another three to six quarter and then energy prices come back a bit and make some more sense to make investment, does the delay in ongoing investment impact the ability to get value for the same dollar out of the field?
Steve Kean: I'll ask Jesse to answer that, our CO2 President.
Jesse Arenivas: I think the reduction in SACROC is a performance issue, not an economic issue. We'll continue with the current prices to develop the field. We may have a temporary lull in production based on area in the field, but we are moving from outer field to improve production. We're not pulling back on existing CO2 area in SACROC or Yeats or any [Indiscernible] at this point all economic of the current market.
Steve Kean: And we're not slowing down, but slowing down wouldn't leave oil -- we couldn't go back and recover.
Jesse Arenivas: And it can always be recovered.
Steve Kean: I think it's important to put this into perspective that we expect for the year -- Jesse correct me if I'm wrong, but to set all-time records for oil and NGL production in SACROC.
Jesse Arenivas: That's correct.
Steve Kean: It's a positive story in our view. Not a negative story at all. But where we have cut back and Steve has made this point I think where we have cut back as we were getting ready to ramp up the significantly to supply more CO2 to the market to our third-party customers. And as prices of the commodity of the crude oil went down so much, we're still maintaining where we were in terms of demand for CO2 but we did not need to ramp up as quickly and that’s mostly where the capital reductions in the CO2 segment have come from. 
Craig Shere: And while we're on the topic, I think the press release gave the very first disclosure for the early rise investment. I think that was kind of alluded to as potentially being big long-term in your last Analyst Day. I understand that there's a major hurdle given where commodity prices are right now. But can -- given the early indications of this, are we on track to get anywhere close to kind of stimulation that you were hoping for. If we had $6 oil prices again, could this be as big as was discussed previously?
Steve Kean: Jesse?
Jesse Arenivas: Yeah. We still maintain a positive outlook. The volume, metrics, all the early indications are positive. The processing rates are little slower, but we're implementing a plan to speed that up. Phase II at this point seems economic. It is economic. Going forward into Phase III and IV, as you start putting in more facilities, the processing were to play in to that. So we still believe that that’s a viable project long-term. 
Craig Shere: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Becca Followill with U.S. Capital Advisors. Your line is open.
Steve Kean: Hi, Becca, how are you?
Becca Followill: I am good. Thank you. On Trans Mountain, can you talk a little bit about whether or not the -- with the push-ups the cost has changed and is there any kind of provision in there for the customers that it has to be done by a certain time or they have out in their contract? 
Steve Kean: Well, we have Ian Anderson, the President of Kinder Morgan, Canada here and he was waiting for the question. So…
Ian Anderson: Sure. Thanks. You made my trip down worthwhile.
Becca Followill: I am so happy.
Ian Anderson: Let me answer it this way, as far as the cost go, we’ve been reporting US$5.4 billion for the project for a number of quarters now and that is still a good forecast. The project was originally filed with the regulator as CAD5.4 projects if you convert the 5.4 American that’s about 6.8 Canadian today. And a few things have driven that both some scope changes to the project foreign exchange on non-Canadian source materials as well as the impact of the delay. So we add those three factors together the project is currently sitting on about a 6.8 Canadian forecast or about 5.4 U.S. that we have been reporting.
Becca Followill: Thank you. Thanks. It is fair to add them both from the standpoint of cost parameters and timing parameters we are well within the bounds of our contracts with our customers.
Ian Anderson: That’s right. Contracts with the customers contemplate $6.8 billion capital to the project under which they've got no ability to de-contract their commitments so we're at that now and we're not hearing any pushback from shippers at this point in terms of their contractual commitments. As far as the timing goes the only timing out that there is it that we don't have a regulatory decision and approval by the end of 2017. We'll be well within that. The regulator is going to issue their decision as Steve pointed out in May 2016. So we're well within the bounds of all the contract commitments we have both from a cost standpoint and a timing standpoint.
Becca Followill: That's very helpful. Thank you. But just to clarify so if it does go over the $6.8 billion cap that provides the out for some of the customers.
Steve Kean: If we present a toll to our customers that is reflective of a cost in excess of 6.8 that gives them the out.
Becca Followill: Okay. Thank you.
Steve Kean: And that's an important distinction.
Becca Followill: Okay. Thank you. And then on your Northeast pipelines not so much the Northeast Direct with some of the other pipelines that are more producer driven, some of the producers it now have a lot of access ST. Any pushback with some of the customers to say, well I signed up for the contract, but I don't really need it now and can you let me get out of it or can we defer the timing of it?
Steve Kean: I think we are seeing incremental interest for capacity declining to some extent in some areas. But clearly any commitments they've made the date we're standing behind and we're not seeing any issues in that regard.
Becca Followill: But no producers have approach you to maybe push things out?
Steve Kean: Not to this point. No.
Becca Followill: Okay. And then finally on Aldo. What is the timing for an FID on that?
Steve Kean: It's already FID.
Rich Kinder: It is FID. So I think as you get the final FERC approval, it's good to go.
Becca Followill: Okay. Thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from [Indiscernible] with Hartz Capital. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Good afternoon, or maybe you I should say good evening everyone. Quick question, a little bit out in left field. I was just curious on TransMountain any other ideas you have brewing up there in Canada, with this week's election how that might impact your thinking or your operations up there knowing that you have a 100% controlled governments now by the Liberal party up there?
Steve Kean: I’ll let Ian answer that.
Ian Anderson: I am wearing my Liberal red tie. It's to let early to speculate what a Liberal governmental is going to mean for us. We're going to continue to focus on the NED process that we are involved in all of the requirements of this while we continue our project planning and preparation. We will certainly be briefing the Liberal government in due course on the project and the progress we've made. But I don't yet have any comment on what a Liberal government may do to us with respect to the project. We will just keep working very hard to keep them informed and plan to execute the project as soon as we get approval.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Edwards with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Hi, John. How are you?
John Edwards: Doing well, Rich. Thanks. Just if I could on the dividend growth outlook and knowing the past you have indicated kind of a fill-in amount of capital expenditures to meet the longer-term objective. And if memory serves me I think it was something like I want to say six -- it had been like a 10 and it came down. And with the revised kind of growth range, what -- how should we be thinking about what kind of fill in capital projects would be needed to meet I guess -- the new objectives?
Rich Kinder: I think you should think we're -- capital objectives that we'd always had John, and as Steve said earlier, we are on track to do that with our backlog with what we've already brought in service if you didn’t look at what our original goals were for Project Fusion. We're tracking that pretty well. It's the commodity price that has been the negative in the Project Fusion assumptions. So I don't think you would read anything into this that our capital program would change and we are still looking to continue to grow.
John Edwards: Okay. And so then, so longer term should we be thinking about a range six to 10 longer term range or kind of paralleling 16. Is that correct?
Kim Dang: Okay. Let me, I’m…
John Edwards: Sorry, Kim, I know it’s been -- you’ve gone over it a bunch of times. Just to be clear.
Kim Dang: I'm going to try one more time.
John Edwards: Okay.
Kim Dang: So, '16 we haven't gone through our budget yet. But we're giving ourselves a range because we haven't been through the budget. There is a fair amount of uncertainty. We know people are going to want an update. Over the longer term what we think, what we -- I said earlier is we did fusion, we thought we could grow at 10% per year. We had a substantial excess coverage. What this energy market has done is it has essentially depleted that excess coverage. And so now we think that we probably can't grow at 10% longer term, but that the coverage would be very tight and could be negative in some years. And so what we’re saying is that as we go forward, we are going to have to look at what our coverage should be and what the dividend should be given that the coverage has been depleted. But the underlying business can still achieve the 10% growth. That is why Rich I think the capital assumption could not change the underlying assumptions in terms of the capital spend have not change on some of the volumes have deteriorated but oil price has deteriorated and that is what is driven the depletion in coverage.
John Edwards: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just lastly I hate to keep coming back to this, but just in terms of modeling the alternative financing. I mean should we be thinking about this as equity, as some kind of preferred, some kind of debt, or can you not to comment at all?
Kim Dang: We can't comment at this time.
Rich Kinder: It is equity. We have said that.
John Edwards: Okay. All right. And then lastly on Trans Mountain. Just to follow-up this question. There's only a cost up there is not a timing out. Is that correct?
Rich Kinder: What I said is there is a timing out if we don't have our certificate from the federal government and the regulator by the end of 2017.
John Edwards: Okay. Great. Thank you. That's all I had. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Corey Goldman with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Good afternoon.
Corey Goldman: Good afternoon. How is it going?
Rich Kinder: Good.
Corey Goldman: Just a quick follow-up on Craig's question earlier about Palmetto. I think Steve last quarter you talked about how the DOT approval was not essential. Is that still the case or are you kind of going to the appeal process and take it from there.
Steve Kean: It is not a requirement that we have public a certificate of public convenience and necessity from the Georgia DOT but our appeal is about considering to pursue that.
Corey Goldman: Got it. And then Kim is there an update to the hedges on the CO2 side that we can get? 
Kim Dang: Sure. On 2016 we're about 63% hedged at $72 a barrel. 2017 is about 58 at $73 a barrel. 2018 is 45% at $75 a barrel and 2019 is 24% at $66 a barrel.
Corey Goldman: Got it. That's really helpful. And then just the last one for me, it looks like natural gas pipelines just turning a little bit above what you guys were expecting and it sounds like a portion of that is attributable to Hiland, can you kind of talk about how the ramp is going there and how that's gauging versus your initial expectations when you first closed in February? 
Kim Dang: Yes. I think it is probably -- it’s very close but probably just slightly under what we had anticipated for this current year. Now when we put our projections together for Hiland we gave them -- we gave the solar projections a pretty good haircut and we didn't assume low price recovery really at this year or next. And so we gave ourselves some pretty good running room there. I think probably a little bit under on the revenue side and a little better on the cost side. That includes just operating costs, maintenance capital, and financing costs. We looked at it a couple of months ago and we were just a little bit over. I think we're now just a little bit under. 
Corey Goldman: Great. That's really helpful. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we no longer have any questions on queue. I’d now like to…
Rich Kinder: Thank you everybody for bearing with us for an hour and a half of informative questions. And thank you and have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you. So that concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for participating you may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-15 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Rich Kinder - Executive Chairman Steve Kean - President and CEO Kim Dang - VP and CFO Dax Sanders - VP, Corporate Development Tom Martin - President, Natural Gas Pipelines Jesse Arenivas - President, CO2 Ron McClain - President, Products Pipelines John Schlosser - President, Terminals David Michels - VP, Finance and Investor Relations
Analysts: Christine Cho - Barclays Shneur Gershuni - UBS John Edwards - Credit Suisse Darren Horowitz - Raymond James Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt and Company Jeremy Tonet - JPMorgan Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Peter Levinson - Waveny Capital Management Becca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors Ross Payne - Wells Fargo Securities Faisel Khan - Citigroup
Operator: Welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode for the duration of today's conference. This call is being recorded, if you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. Today's call will feature a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Now, I will turn the call over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Executive Chairman of Kinder Morgan. Sir, you may begin.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Jeremy, and welcome to our second quarter call. As usual, we may be making statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. I'll give a brief overview, then Steve Kean, our CEO, will talk about the quarter's performance and give you an update on our project backlog, and then, as usual, Kim Dang, our CFO will give you all the financial details and then we will take any and all questions that you may have. We raised the dividend to $0.49 for the second quarter. We're on track to meet our target of delivering -- of declaring $2 for full year 2015 with substantial excess coverage, even after adjusting for the current commodity prices. And we expect to grow our dividends by 10% each year from 2016 through 2020. It's difficult to compare this quarter with the second quarter of 2014 because of course we completed our merger of all the Kinder Morgan entities only in November of last year. But that said, let me share what I believe are some relative numbers with you. In this quarter, we had approximately 2.2 billion shares outstanding versus about 1.034 billion in the second quarter a year ago. We declared a dividend of $0.49 versus $0.43 a year ago. We had DCF per share of $0.50 this quarter versus $0.32 a year ago. We had excess coverage in this quarter of $20 million versus a shortfall of about $113 million in the second quarter last year. And year-to-date for 2015, we've had excess coverage of $226 million versus $25 million for the first half of 2014. In terms of total DCF, in this quarter, we had 1.095 billion versus 332 million in 2014. Very importantly, we've increased substantially our backlog of future projects, as Steve will explain and we think we're looking at a bright future for natural gas demand. As an example of the increasing demand, the power generation throughput on our set of natural gas pipelines was up 16% for the first quarter -- for the second quarter compared with second quarter of 2014. I might add anecdotally, that's pretty consistent. In Texas, the overall demand for gas as a source of power generation increased its share year-to-date to 48% from 37% in the first half of 2014. I think all of these factors and the numbers I've shared with you just demonstrate our belief that the strength of our assets, even in times of volatile and relatively low commodity prices, continue to demonstrate that we can produce stellar results even in these times. With that, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steve Kean: All right, thanks, Rich. So, I'll take the projects for you and give you some operating highlights from the segment. Since the April update our project backlog increased by $3.7 billion from $18.3 billion to $22 billion. That's great progress and a sign of the strength of our network and the continuing need for additional midstream energy infrastructure. This was fixing to be an even bigger increase but for some delays on a couple of deals that we've been working on worth about another $1 billion. If and when we get those done, we'll announce those separately. Now, here are the main changes. We added $4.6 billion in new projects. And this is an important one, $3.3 billion of that is the addition of the market path portion of Northeast Energy Direct, a natural gas pipeline expansion to serve the New England market. We're expecting to proceed with that project. We're still working on the supply portion of that project. And we've made significant recent head way on that one, as well, but not to the point where we're ready to add it to the backlog. When and if we do, that would be another $1.6 billion to $2.1 billion. Now going back to the market path portion, we have discussed in previous releases that we've got commitments for 562 a day of capacity on that project. Much of that volume is currently going through the state Public Utility Commission review process and we're optimistic about the outcome of those reviews. We're comfortable going forward, based on the commitments we have and the progress toward the state approvals on those commitments. Number two, our confidence that we can extract value for short-term sales of a portion of the unsold capacity, particularly during the winter months. And third, just the overwhelming need for additional gas capacity to serve Northeast markets. This level of sign-up would get us to an accretive return, but we fully expect to add commitments on the power side that will get us to a very attractive return. We preserve the ability to phase this project in as the commitments come. We're very enthusiastic about the project. The demand is already there and growing. Besides NED, we added $700 million of investments to the Elba Island liquefaction project primarily as a result of buying out Shell and taking 100% of the ownership and management of that project. Shell remains the off-taker for 100% of the project capacity under a 20-year contract. This deal represents a restructuring of the current arrangement -- previous arrangement that we had with Shell. The main benefits we are getting here are, of course, the opportunity to invest $2.1 billion at an attractive return. And, secondly, we get control of the project and with that control we still expect a late 2017 in-service date. Shell benefits from secured cost reductions on the total project, which we expect to achieve and still earn an attractive return on the all-in investment. In other portions of the backlog we also added $100 million in other projects in the gas group, $100 million combined between products and terminals, about $300 million in additional EOR investments over the time frame of the backlog in the CO2 segment. So, those are the additions and during this timeframe we put into service $700 million worth of projects. The bulk of that explained by two things, $200 million relating to four further expansions and extensions of our very successful Kinder Morgan crude and condensate system serving the Eagle Ford Shale and multiple destination markets on the Texas Gulf Coast. We also put into service $300 million of projects in the terminals segment. The majority of that is attributable to our Edmonton crude-by-rail joint venture with Imperial which was placed in service during the quarter. We removed about $600 million from the backlog. Nearly all of that is further deferrals in our CO2 source field investments, outside the timeframe of the backlog. Part of this reduction is also related to scope efficiency where we are getting the same production with a smaller investment. We continue to believe that we can meet the current demand outlook for CO2 by concentrating our source development activities on the core of our portfolio. So, overall we grew the backlog by $3.7 billion even while putting $700 million worth of projects into service. And, as I mentioned, we think we're close to adding still more. Now, for the segment review. But before going into the segment-by-segment review, I think it's worth backing up for a moment and comparing where we were in Q2 of 2014 and where we are in Q2 of 2015. Over that period, the price of WTI declined by 48% and the price of natural gas declined by 43%. But in this quarter, we're reporting segment earnings before DD&A that are up 2% and we're reporting volumes that are up, and I'll go through those separately. Certainly there are a lot of moving pieces in there including capital investments we've made, the commodity price impact on CO2, et cetera. But it still sets a very important context for our performance and for the strength of our business model in a wide variety of commodity environments. All right, now for the segments, starting with gas. Earnings before DD&A for the gas pipeline segment were $965 million, that's up 1% year-over-year. That's led by the addition of Hiland and improved year-over-year performance on the Eagle Hawk gathering system, offsetting weaker performance in some of our other gathering and processing assets. Also recall that year-over-year results in this segment are affected by a major shipper buying out of its contract on the Kinder Morgan Louisiana Pipeline last year. We had higher transport volumes, up 3% across the segment and we saw a 16% increase year-over-year, as Rich mentioned, in the power burn across our systems. We had higher sales volumes, up 9% on our Texas intrastate as we continue to see growth in our power and industrial markets in Texas. Gas gathering volumes were also up 5%. We continue to see strong demand for long-term firm natural gas transportation capacity. Now, this is including the 562 associated with NED, but we added over the quarter 1.4 BCF of additional long-term transportation commitments, with the volume weighted average term length of about 20 years. And we added commitments in the East, Central and West regions and across LNG, LDC and producer markets. Over 400 of that is attributable to sales at existing capacity, showing again that we benefit from rising gas supply and demand not only in terms of new project opportunities, but also enhancing the values in some of our existing systems. So that 1.4 BCF addition brings the total capacity sign ups since December of 2013 to 8.7 BCF of new and pending long-term commitments. So, again, the summary here for gas is we continue to see strong demand for existing and expansion capacity in our gas assets. And we believe that we're well positioned for the growth that we see in this market. Turning to CO2 which is, of course, very much affected by commodity prices, segment earnings before DD&A in this segment were $286 million, down $74 million or 21% year-over-year due to lower commodity prices for oil and NGLs and including the deteriorating ratio of NGL to crude prices. Our volumes are up year-over-year, led by SACROC at 9%, and an overall increase of 8% net to Kinder Morgan across all of our enhanced oil recovery developments. Katz and Goldsmith are also up year-over-year and, of course, reported at 8% that I just mentioned. And we've made recent significant progress on Goldsmith, in particular, but we're still well under plan on both of those fields. We're also extracting some significant cost savings in this price environment. We continue to forecast reductions in OpEx and maintenance CapEx of just under 25% for the year. Now turning to the products pipeline group, segment earnings before DD&A were $275 million, up 32% year-over-year. And that's driven by the ramp up of volumes on KMCC, the addition of our HH pipeline with the Hiland acquisition, and improved performance on FFPP, as well as better year-over-year results on Cochin. Recall that Cochin was shut down for part of the quarter last year as we were completing the reversal project. In this segment, we see the upside of lower commodity prices. Our refined products volumes were up 4% across all of our systems year-over-year year in aggregate, led by higher gasoline volumes, particularly on our SSPP system. We continued to advance our Palmetto refined products pipeline, our Utopia NGL pipeline projects. We also launched an open season on UMTP proposed pipeline closing in September of this year, but we still don't have that project in our backlog. Now, we did suffer a setback on our Palmetto project. The Georgia Department of Transportation denied our request for a certificate of public convenience and necessity. We did get the approval we needed from FERC during the quarter. A favorable ruling from Georgia DOT is not essential for us to proceed with the project, but we are appealing the ruling because it would help, and we're exploring all of our routing options to allow us to move forward with the project. Turning to terminals now, segment earnings before DD&A were $271 million, up 16% from last year. 75% of that is attributable to organic growth. We continue to see strong performance in our liquids facilities. And our earnings benefited from expansions in Edmonton and the Houston ship channel, as well as higher year-over-year results due to our Jones Act tanker acquisition. We placed our Edmonton crude-by-rail facility into service, as I mentioned. On the bulk side, a different story, steel volumes are lower as are coal volumes. This segment was also hit by FX on the Canadian portion of its operations. The liquids part of the segment, in addition to its strong performance in our existing business, is also driving our future opportunities. Almost -- really every bit of our backlog in this business is in the liquids part of the business. As we continue to see promising opportunities in the Houston ship channel, which we are actively pursuing, some of those are in the backlog, there are others that we're pursuing that are not yet in there. We've built great positions in two very important hubs, Edmonton and Houston. In Edmonton, our expansion projects, when complete, will bring our merchant crude storage positions to 12 million barrels, the largest in the area, and up from zero ten years ago. In Houston, our expansions will get us to 43 million barrels of liquid fuel storage, 45 when you count our recent Vopak acquisition. So, we continue to build strong positions in these two markets. And, very importantly, we continue to add connectivity to our assets in each of those markets which further enhances the value of our positions there. Finally, Kinder Morgan Canada and a quick update on our expansion of Trans Mountain. First, we're still expecting to see draft conditions by the end of this month from the NEB, so that's fast approaching. We do expect to get the final NEB recommendation in order in January of 2016. Intervener evidence was filed during the quarter and is fully expected and as some of you probably read; it lit up the press as the opposition got plenty of air play. This wasn't any surprise to us, and our Canadian team continues to do its job, fulfilling their outreach and consultation responsibilities. Most of our route, as a reminder, is along our current pipeline, except where community or land owner needs dictated a variation. So, we have existing relationships with many of the communities and First Nations along the way. And as I mentioned last quarter, we have community benefits agreements in place that cover 87% of the route. We also have agreements with about a third of the First Nations that are most directly affected by the project. We're working to get more. Progress is slower than we would like on getting the expressions of support, but we are fulfilling the obligation we have to consult and accommodate in any case. I'll remind you that the expansion is under long-term contracts which have been approved by the NEB. So, overall, we think it was a very good quarter with strong performance in a very significantly lower commodity price environment year-over-year. And we made several strong additions to the backlog, and overall I think demonstrates the value of our network and the continuing opportunities to expand off that network. So, that's it for the segment and for the projects, and with that I'll turn it over to Kim for the numbers.
Kim Dang: Sure. Thanks, Steve. Turning to the first page of numbers which is the GAAP income statement, let me just point out a couple of things on this page. You can see that in the quarter, similar to last quarter, revenues are down significantly $474 million. But you can also see that OpEx is down by almost the exact same amount, $475 million. As I said last quarter, a change in revenues is not a good predictor of our performance. We have some businesses where revenues and expenses fluctuate with commodity prices, but margin generally does not. We believe that the best indicator of our performance is the cash that we generate, which metric we look at DCF per share and the cash that we pay our investors which is the dividend per share. So, with that I'll turn to the second page and look at DCF. DCF before certain items in the quarter, $1.095 billion, up $763 million or 230%. Now, that is largely a function of not paying the limited partners as a result of the Fusion transaction. But it doesn't take into account the shares that we had to issue, the approximately 1.1 billion shares that we had to issue in the transaction. So, if you look at it on a per share basis, it takes into account both aspects of the transaction, and so we generated DCF in the quarter of $0.50, that's up $0.18 or 56% from the second quarter a year ago and year-to-date DCF is $1.07, which is up 23% from the six months ended June 2014. So, our dividend in this quarter of $0.49 gives us coverage of $20 million year-to-date and we have coverage -- the $1.07 covers the $0.97 dividend by $226 million and obviously, as Rich mentioned $20 million in coverage in this quarter versus $113 million deficit in the second quarter of 2014. Looking up at the segments, we generated segment earnings before DD&A of $1.827 billion, that's up $35 million or about 2%. Steve has taken you through each of the segments and what's driving that change, year-to-date the segment earnings before DD&A up $28 million or 1%. But I do want to take you through where we are expecting the segment to come out versus our budget for the full year. We expect gas to exceed its budget about 1% versus budget, largely as a result of the Hiland transaction. And then some of the benefit from the Hiland transaction is being offset by direct commodity exposure, for which we gave you the metric at the beginning of the year, and about $35 million in lower volume as a result of lower commodity prices. CO2 versus our budget for the full year, we're expecting that to come in in the range of about 13% below its budget and that's all a function of price. There are other moving factors which largely offset each other. And the other things that offset each other, we have cost savings in the segment which are being offset by lower CO2 volume and also lower capitalized overhead of CO2 spending, about $450 million less than what we originally budgeted. Products pipeline we expect to exceed its budget, largely as a result of the Double H Pipeline which came in the Hiland acquisition. The benefit from that has a small offset from commodity prices consistent with the metrics that we gave you at the beginning of the year. I should go back and say on CO2, that price impact is going to be greater than what you would see if you applied the metric that we gave you at the beginning of the year. And one of the main reasons for that is the deterioration in the NGLs accrued ratio. So, we had a set NGL to crude ratio in our budget. NGL prices have deteriorated more than crude prices and so that's having, overall on Kinder Morgan, roughly about a $40 million impact versus our budget, most of which comes in the CO2 segment. On terminals we expect them to end slightly below their budget for the year. You're seeing weakness in steel and coal. There's an FX impact from a weaker Canadian dollar from the translation of earnings from Canada. And then some of those detriments are being slightly offset by higher acquisition -- contributions from acquisitions than what we budgeted. KMC is going to come in below its budget, primarily as a function of FX. So, overall, segment earnings before DD&A versus our budget, we're expecting the segment earnings to come in in the range of 1.5%, maybe 1.75% below our original budget estimate. Now, after the segments, dropping down to look at G&A. G&A expense in the quarter was $164 million, that's up $16 million versus a year ago. It's up $22 million year-to-date. Some of that is the result of the Hiland transaction versus our budget. We expect to come in, for the full year, about 4% over our budget in G&A, and that's primarily a function of two things; one, the G&A as a result that we absorbed in the Hiland transaction, and, two, lower capitalized overhead than what we initially budgeted. And that's primarily because of the lower spending in our CO2 segment. Interest in the quarter was expense of $527 million, that's about $78 million higher than the second quarter of 2014. That's all balanced. Actually we had a slight savings on rate versus a year ago. Similar story for the $147 million increase in the six months. It's all a function of balance. Balance in the six months is $7.3 billion higher than it was for the first six months in 2014. And then we also have a slightly lower rate which is giving us a benefit. For the full year, we expect interest to be flat versus our budget. And what you're seeing there is the interest expense from the Hiland acquisition being offset by lower balances and lower rates on the businesses that existed and the expansion capital that we expected to spend in the budget. So, dropping down, looking back at our DCF calculation which is net income plus DD&A, et cetera, the segment earnings, the G&A and the interest that I just went through, essentially takes care of the first four lines of that calculation. The next line, cash taxes, which were an expense of $18 million in the quarter. With that said, $282 million less in expense than the second quarter in 2014, and $288 million on a year-to-date basis. And that's largely a function of the consolidation transaction where we have more depreciation deductions as a result of the step up in the assets and as a result of all of the depreciation staying inside of KMI rather than some of it being allocated to the limited partners. The next line, other items, is primarily a function of the coverage that was at the MLPs. You can see that the largest number in that column relates to 2014. So, when I think about it I really net that number with the $669 million of distributions that we made in 2014. Neither of those items impacts 2015, so you have a big change there. Sustaining capital was $141 million of expense in the second quarter and that's up about $13 million versus the second quarter last year. It's up about $36 million on a year-to-date basis, but its positive year-to-date versus our budget. But that's primarily timing. For the full year, we're expecting sustaining CapEx to come in above our budget, largely as a result of the Hiland acquisition and also as a result of a relocation that we have on one of our natural gas pipelines. The variance on sustaining CapEx for the year should largely be offset by a positive variance on cash taxes. So, the two of those should come pretty close to netting for the full year. Looking at the certain items in the quarter, the certain items were $23 million in the quarter. A number of those we explained to you in past quarters because they're recurring on a quarterly basis. The one that I will highlight for you is the gain/loss disposition impairments of $50 million. That's primarily we made a decision to sell an asset or some pipe [ph] in our Copano, Oklahoma operation and there was a -- it was the right economic decision. There was a loss on that transaction and a lot of that has to do with purchase price allocation and doing it -- that purchase price allocation at a very high level as opposed to going down and looking at the income on every little section of pipe. So, that is -- for the full year, on coverage, we expect to end the year with over $400 million in coverage. Now, if you utilize the metric we gave you at the beginning of the year, the $10 million change in DCF for every $1 change in crude oil price, plus the $3 million in DCF for every $0.10 change in gas, plus about in the range of $40 million impact for deterioration in the NGL ratio, you get pretty close to where we expect to be on a full year basis. But that probably over simplifies the situation because there are lots of other moving parts. Now, all these other moving parts essentially net out, but let me just take you through some of those so you're aware of what's going on. The other buckets, we've got other commodity price impacts which relate to -- outside of the metrics, a lot of which relates to lower CO2 volumes and lower midstream volumes as the result of a lower commodity price environment also, lower revenues because of different contract mix on our CO2 sales. We've got the impact from FX on the weaker Canadian dollar. We've got lower capitalized overhead primarily as a result of the $450 million in lower spending on CO2. And then these impacts are being offset by the accretion coming from the Hiland transaction, interest savings, and CO2 cost savings. So, again, we expect to end the year with over $400 million in coverage. And while we expect that to happen and obviously and that's positive coverage for the year, we may have negative coverage in the third quarter. We told you we thought in the second quarter we might have it in the second quarter. You can see we ended up on the good side of that equation. We're slightly positive. And the third quarter will be tight, as well. And as we tell you every year, we expect very strong coverage in the first quarter and the fourth quarter, and generally the second and third quarters are weak. So, with that I'm going to turn to the balance sheet. Looking at the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $42.6 billion in debt. That results in a debt to EBITDA ratio of 5.8 times. That's higher than the budget primarily due to the Hiland acquisition. We've got four and a half months for the earnings, but we've got all the debt. We still expect consistent with our budget to end the year at 5.6 times. The change in debt for the quarter was a reduction in debt of $200 million. Year-to-date we've had an increase in debt of $2 billion. And just to run through some of the largest pieces of that, for the quarter we spent about 900 -- a little over $950 million on acquisitions, expansions and contributions to equity investments, with the expansion CapEx being the biggest piece of that. We issued equity of and received cash for the equity that we issued of $936 million. We had coverage of $20 million, as I told you previously. And then there are working capital and other items that were a source of cash of about $191 million, the biggest piece of that being accrued interest and AP and AR, which was somewhat offset by some legal settlements, some rate refunds on EP&G that we had already reserved for the primary offsets to that. For the year a $2 billion increase in debt. We've spent over $5 billion on acquisitions, expansion CapEx and contributions to equity investments. Acquisitions were $3.3 billion. The largest acquisitions were the Hiland acquisition for $3.1 billion, and the Vopak acquisition of $158 million, both of which happened in the first quarter. We issued equity of a little bit under $2.6 billion. We got an income tax refund for $200 million, we had coverage of $226 million, and then we had working capital and other items of about $16 million. So, with that, I'll turn it back over to Rich for the Q&A.
Rich Kinder: Good. We'll take any questions you might have. Jeremy, if you'll come back on we'll open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Christine Cho from Barclays. Your line is open.
Christine Cho: Good afternoon.
Rich Kinder: Hi Christine. How are you?
Christine Cho: Good. How are you?
Rich Kinder: Good.
Christine Cho: So, we've had some M&A attempts and announcements in recent weeks, one of which was an unsolicited bid. With talks about bid-ask being too wide and maybe some companies not even thinking about putting themselves up for sale, would an unsolicited bid and maybe even going public with such an offer if any potential targets said no be something on the table for you guys? Just asking because you guys did make an unsolicited bid for El Paso on the heels of the KMI IPO back several years ago. So, there is some history there but wondering if anything has changed on your side or if you even think anything out there is worth the trouble.
Steve Kean: Christine, that's just so hard to project into in advance. All acquisitions are very circumstance-specific. And we wouldn't sit here and categorically say -- clearly, and even in the El Paso case, we've done deals on an agreed to or negotiated basis, we would never say categorically that we wouldn't do it any other way. But it's just too circumstance-specific for us to give you a definitive answer on that. Dax, do you have anything you want to add to that?
Dax Sanders: No, I think it's something that - I would agree with your summary that bid offer spreads still do sort of exist in a lot of places. Obviously you've seen certain situations where there's been some movement and some deals getting done. And I think our thought is that -- at least my thought is that you'll probably see a little bit more activity in the second half this year than you've seen in a while. But I think Steve's point about not speculating on any tactic or certain situation is exactly the way we thought about it.
Christine Cho: Okay, great. And then I thought I saw that Gulf LNG filed the FERC application last month. It's been fairly quiet with news on that front so was just curious what you were seeing on the customer contract side. Also, was the filing more of a check the box to have the regulatory side of things not be the bottleneck or was it something customers wanted to see you do before talking more seriously given the time it takes to receive approval?
Steve Kean: You're right. We did that -- we filed on June 19th, I believe. And it is us continuing to advance that project. We continue to talk to customers about it. It is the last brownfield site that hasn't been put under contract. We think it is a promising location and in the long-term we're very bullish on U.S. LNG and where it fits. Clearly there's a pause that's been hit and there's a debate about how long that pause runs, what the real capacities are out there, and for how long the market might be somewhat oversupplied. But we think this is a good project and we're looking at it in a timeframe that's early the next decade. So, I think it fits well with what the market recovery might ultimately be shaped into. But, Christine, as you know, we don't have it in the backlog. We're working the customer piece of it, having active discussions, but nothing we can really report to you that's anywhere near definitive at this point.
Christine Cho: Great. And then the last one for me, can you talk about the steps leading to Shell's decision to sell its equity interest of the Elba JV? Did you approach them; did they approach you, et cetera? Any color would be helpful.
Steve Kean: Yes, we've been working together for a long time in developing this project. Costs have been increasing on it and scope has been adjusted. I'm not going to speak for Shell at all, but you don't need to be a rocket scientist to see that they bought BG, that the market outlook on LNG has changed a bit. They wanted to restructure the contract. We were certainly willing to restructure it on the terms that we got here and invest additional capital, $2.1 billion in total now, on the project at the return that we're getting for it. We got a different risk allocation. Shell is retaining certain risks. We are picking up certain risks, but the risks that we are comfortable dealing with in today's market environment for materials and construction services and the like. So, we think we can do this project and do it successfully. The added benefit, from our standpoint, as I think I mentioned, is that we get control now. This is not a two-headed thing anymore. We've got control over this project and its development and construction, and we'll get it built. And we're happy to have Shell as the customer on the facility and we're very happy to be in charge.
Rich Kinder: And we're happy to put more money into this project at returns that we think are very good, particularly given Shell credit for a 20-year contract.
Operator: And the next question is from Shneur Gershuni from UBS. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: How are you doing?
Shneur Gershuni: Good. How are you?
Rich Kinder: Fine.
Shneur Gershuni: Just a couple quick questions. Steve, in your prepared remarks, you sort of talked about how much the backlog has actually grown. And some of it is the acquisition; some of it is projects that you've been talking about for some time. I was wondering if you can give us is some color. We're nine months into the commodity collapse. The E&P budgets from a CapEx perspective have been coming down for the last six months. How are the discussions about incremental ideas, concepts, logistics projects going at this point right now? Are things slowing down? Are some opportunities cropping up? I was wondering if you can give us some insight as to how you think the backlog would grow over the next 12 months beyond the projects that you're hoping to add to the backlog at this stage right now.
Steve Kean: Okay. Well look first, broadly, clearly what affects our customers affects us. And so the backlog probably would have been growing even faster than it did in a different commodity price environment and it also affects a little bit who we're talking to. As I said before, we had seen a lot of producer push projects on the gas side. In particular, we started to see more market pull. Now, it's interesting, this time that 1.4 BCF of sign up is almost evenly divided -- almost, not quite -- across LDCs, producers and LNG. And so that's a little bit of a counter, I think, to what we have been seeing. But what affects our customers affects us. But we think it's a very positive sign that in this commodity price environment we're growing the backlog where we are. And like I said, we came up to the brink on even more additions which I think we'll still get a good chunk of and grow it from here. So, I think, just broadly, there are many moving pieces and many markets that we're serving and addressing and you have to kind of look at them individually to see where the opportunities are. We're still early stages of the really big demand pull. Beginning of next year we start to see LNG pull. We are seeing this year power demand pull. That 9% sales volume increase on the intrastates was really quite remarkable, I think, and shows you what we're seeing on industrial and power demand in the state of Texas. So things are -- and the 1.4 BCF of contract sign ups. Those things are showing you that even in a down market; our network is well-positioned for the places where there is growth. And so we still feel pretty good about our prospects and our ability to grow this backlog from where we are. You look out over the next 12 months, again very hard to say, but we've made a lot of progress on NED supply. We hope to get that in the corral, but it's not there yet. And we're working on UMTP. That's been a multi-year saga at this point. Gulf LNG we'll continue to work and I think we continue to see operations that are opportunities in John's business on the liquids terminals side. As I mentioned, a lot going on in the Houston ship channel that we're actively developing. We started to see -- again not in the backlog, but on new build chemical facilities some interest in the chemical companies having their midstream infrastructure done by a midstream company as opposed to making it part of their project. So, those are all things that I think are positive indicators, notwithstanding the fact that you've got a down market and it's dragging down G&P investment, for example, on the negative side. So, we still feel pretty good about it and feel like we've got a good chance of continuing to add to the backlog even as we're rolling stuff in.
Shneur Gershuni: Great. Just as a follow-up question I was wondering if we can talk about the balance sheet for a second, a two-part question. I understand your expectation to get to 5.6 times by the end of this year. Is the commitment to the rating agencies to get it to this year or is it during 2016? And then I was wondering if you can also talk about the warrant repurchase program. It seems counterintuitive to be buying back one side of the capital structure while issuing equity on the other. Just wondering if you can talk in context of the overall plan to de-lever.
Steve Kean: Kim?
Kim Dang: On the commitments of the rating agencies, this was in all of the materials at the time we did Project Fusion which was we were going to start out of the box at 5.6 times. We were going to remain elevated for a couple of years and that when the larger projects, Trans Mountain and Elba came on, that was the biggest driver of deleveraging over that period. So, that is still our expectation. And getting to 5.6 times at the end of the year is consistent with that, consistent with what we showed the rating agencies at the time of the transaction and consistent with what we budgeted and they saw in our projects when we published that in January. On the warrant repurchase, that is just when there are disconnects between where the shares are pricing and where the warrants are pricing. We think that there may be opportunities to buy those warrants. We evaluate that from time-to-time and when we see those opportunities then we'll execute on the warrant repurchase.
Shneur Gershuni: Great. Thank you very much, guys.
Operator: And the next question is from John Edwards of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Hey John, how are you doing?
John Edwards: Doing well. Good afternoon. Just a question for Steve. So, on Northeast Direct you indicated you've moved two-thirds of it now to the backlog. But if memory serves, the amount of commitments you've secured are about the same as it was last quarter. So, help me understand better what change that you're able to move that to backlog and you're in position to move forward with it.
Steve Kean: Yeah, that's right, John, and it's really three things. One is those contracts; we've developed greater confidence around them as they're starting through their LDC approval process. Secondly, we looked hard at the project and as we were phasing the capacity in, sort of where would we have unsold capacity and what do we think we could do with that capacity, what value could we attribute to it. That's not under contract, that's based on our judgment that, because the demand is there and it's growing that we're going to be able to market some of that unsold capacity. We'll still be trying to actively sell it, of course, long-term, but we'll have good economic opportunities on some of the unsold capacity, particularly during the wintertime. So, we put that into our expectations. And then, finally, just the overwhelming need for the project overall, the demand. And frankly we think that getting out there with our customers, telling them that we're going forward is going to help in the additional sign ups that we need. It helps us get through the approval process, it helps us make the project concrete for the people who we want to get concrete with us in terms of signing up for long-term commitments. So, those are the things that improved our confidence quarter-over-quarter.
John Edwards: Okay. And then how did you factor in one of the major competing projects there into this calculus?
Steve Kean: Okay, we have our eyes on our own homework here, basically. We're trying to fill this thing up with commitments. And whether the other guys get theirs done or not, we're tunnel vision on this. We're just focusing on our deals and getting those in. We think we have a very good project and that that project is properly located in size to serve New England markets and to attract our share, if you want to call it that, but certainly the most accessible power demand to that footprint. And so we have no commentary here at all on what that means about the other guy's project. We're fighting for this like it's a one-project deal and we'll continue to do so.
John Edwards: Okay, that's helpful. And just on the backlog, you did increase substantially and congrats on that. I guess did it move? How was that relative to your expectations? I mean higher or lower I guess if you can give any color on that?
Steve Kean: It depends on the time frame that you would look at it from. If you'd asked at the end of last quarter, it's higher than I would have expected. If you'd asked me last week it's lower. We're not going to do anything uneconomic just to put something in the backlog. We're negotiating on a couple of other things and we think we'll get them done. And if and when we do we'll get them out there. But I personally am pleased with the addition for this quarter. I think this is very strong, particularly when you look at the overall market out there.
John Edwards: So, then, if you can talk a little bit about -- so relative to the overall market, given the pretty sloppy commodity conditions that we're in, you'd indicated you thought if commodity prices were a lot higher, that obviously you thought the backlog would be a lot higher. And so just -- I'm trying to get a sense for how -- what the opportunity set more broadly is looking like from your perspective, if you can give any commentary on that front.
Rich Kinder: Let me jump in there, John. The truth of it is that we're damned pleased with having a $22 billion backlog in this kind of environment, number one. Number two, we have a heck of a lot more opportunities out there and it's a reflection of the fact that we have just a very good footprint spanning North America. And so, we're going to continue to look at this. Steve is absolutely right. We have some more opportunities that are pretty close to getting the horse in the corral. We hope to get it in and put the saddle on shortly and when we do we'll advise you of it. And we've got a lot of other potential here. But we're doing really well on the backlog. And I think to predict exactly where we are going to be in one quarter or two quarters is a fool's errand. But we're very pleased with where we are and what we have out in front of us.
John Edwards: That's actually really helpful. I'm just trying to get a sense for maybe more broadly the industry conditions. But that's very helpful. That's all I had for now, but thank you very much.
Steve Kean: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question is from Darren Horowitz of Raymond James. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Hey Darren, how are you?
Darren Horowitz: Hey, fine. Thanks Rich, I hope you and everyone are doing well. Just one question for me on UMTP. I realize you're involved in the open season until September, so, Steve, as you said, the saga continues. But with respect to all the recently proposed acquisitions and volatility across all of the NGL dynamics, including price expectations in the Northeast, how do you guys think about Northeast NGL supply/demand balance? How do you think it could change? And, more importantly, to what extent does that influence your thoughts either on scale or scope of the project or maybe even downstream market demand for batched NGL service on UMTP?
Steve Kean: Okay, yeah, so a few things there. I mean one is, again, lower commodity prices do dampen the enthusiasm for making longer term commitments by the producers. But having said that, the long-term outlook, we think, for NGL production out of that region is very robust. And there are producers who are focused on that and realize that for their netbacks to be attractive they need to have an outlet and they probably need to have multiple outlets or have options. And we think having the option to access essentially the capital of the U.S. NGL market in Mont Belvieu, as well as the heart of petchem demand along the Gulf Coast here, as well as access to export docks, that's pretty attractive. And so, the people who are thinking about it longer term are going to be attracted to it. But there were a couple of modifications that we made to help improve our chances. You alluded to one of them, the batch system that makes us really not a competitor with the local fractionators. We can still move Y grade, that's one of the options. But we can move purity products. And just having the ability to batch different products adds options and therefore adds value to the outlook for producers associated with the project. The second thing is, quite frankly, we started working on the market side of this. And Ron McClain and his team have been talking to international off-takers who have a different timeframe and perspective that they bring to the table. And so, we're branching out, outside of just the traditional producing community and trying to find a way to cobble this together by focusing on the demand side, as well, with the market end of it as well. So, we continue to believe we have a good project. We've been here before. This is not our first open season. So, we're not putting in the backlog, we're not promising success here. But it's also not costing us a lot to maintain this option. We have the ability, as we've said before, to keep it in gas service and make it part of an additional southbound haul. So, we're going to keep working on it because we believe in it and we're going to keep trying to make it better and get people to sign up for long-term commitments.
Darren Horowitz: Thanks, Steve.
Rich Kinder: I'll add, there's been a lot of preliminary interest in the open season, a lot of people have signed CAs. And so, [Technical Difficulty] interest is there and a lot of that is triggered by the [Technical Difficulty] and the multiple destination and origin point.
Operator: And the next question is from Brandon Blossman of Tudor, Pickering. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Hey Brandon, how are you?
Brandon Blossman: I am good. How are you doing?
Rich Kinder: Good.
Brandon Blossman: This will be a short one but I wanted to tag on the back of Darren's question on EMTT. Is this part of the natural progression, the open season, or was there a catalyst in quarter that kind of shifted the balance to get you guys to go ahead and do an open season? In particular I'm wondering if the spread on a percent realization of NGLs to crude helped spark interest on an end-market perspective.
Steve Kean: No, not really any, call it, short-term spread difference. It was really, the progression here was Ron's team reconceived the project a bit in terms of the batch system and then spent a lot of time on the international, or on the demand side, let's call it, and developed that a bit and then we spent some more time with producers. And so, it was just the natural next step after having been out there socializing with everybody what the new configuration looked like and trying to figure out the right destinations and the right receipt points. It was just a natural next step. We often go out in open seasons with an anchor shipper and a pretty high probability, pretty high confidence level of success. I wouldn't call this open season one of those. We are out there in the marketing effort right now. We're going to see if we can get it done. It's not a seeded or anchored open season the way some of ours are.
Brandon Blossman: Great, perfect color on that. Almost 1.5 [ph] of incremental term gas capacity signed up in the quarter. I'd call that impressive. As you look forward, is that going to be a high watermark for the next few quarters or is there something in the hopper, so to speak, that looks equally as good?
Steve Kean: Tom, do you want to comment on that?
Tom Martin: It's a big quarter, but I think we'll do more before the end of the year, I think. That would be probably another B out into the year, if possible.
Brandon Blossman: Okay, that works for me. I think that's it for right now. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And the next question is from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Hi Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good afternoon. I want to go back to the topic of M&A for a minute, if you could. Just wondering if you could comment at all, in the market out there, if you see producers with midstream assets versus entry level consolidation. It looked more attractive on either side of that. And also how much are you guys looking outside of the U.S. at this point, in Canada or other jurisdictions? Do you see opportunities there, as well?
Steve Kean: Dax?
Dax Sanders: Yeah, I would say that there is certainly some producers out there with assets. I would say that there probably is not necessarily the catalyst right now in certain of those producers that may have existed with certain people earlier this year. But there is certainly some producers that have assets. The earlier conversation, I think there still certain bid-offer spreads between what those producers' expectations for those assets are, whether it's valuation or control, those types of things, and what people are willing to pay. But you are seeing certain of those deals getting done. I think you may see a few more here and there, but those are still available. With respect to international assets, I think what we've said in the past; certainly the consolidation we did last year, as we said repeatedly, makes it easier, or drops down some barriers for us to deploy capital internationally. Now, I would say that we have -- so, it's certainly easier for us to do that it has been in the past. We certainly don't have a mandate to deploy capital internationally, but I think there are -- probably there are fewer barriers and we're probably more open to it than we have been in the past. But we're certainly cognizant [indiscernible] it would have to present some really good risk-adjusted returns for us to do it. And Western Canada is obviously a place where we have quite a bit of infrastructure and we have a very high [Technical Difficulty].
Jeremy Tonet: And just to add-on a little bit more there, in Mexico there's a lot of activity there. I don't -- I mean there's a lot of infrastructure going up to the border. But just wondering as far as your appetite of moving into Mexico and if that would be something of interest to you.
Rich Kinder: We'll look at all opportunities. It depends on the return-risk ratio. But, again, the point you're making is important. No matter who builds the lines in Mexico, we stand to benefit from them because we have a structure just across the border, whether in Texas or Arizona or in Southern California. So, I think we benefit, but we would not rule out doing something there, but it would have to be under the right terms and conditions.
Jeremy Tonet: Great, thanks. And then just one more -- commodity prices have been volatile and have recently shown weakness. And I'm just wondering if you could share any thoughts that you guys have internally on where prices might go and, more importantly, just refresh us on your hedging philosophy.
Steve Kean: You want to add our view to your collection, is that it? First of all, we have maintained discipline around our hedging policy even when you don't necessarily like the prices you're seeing. Jesse and his team have continued to layer on the hedges even in this commodity price environment. I think there's a lot of near-term bearishness, certainly in across -- particularly across the liquids parts of the commodity portfolio. But I think longer term; the future is brighter for those as we see additional demand of pick up. But, look, it's so hard to call. Particularly oil has all of the geopolitical factors that you'd have to have a crystal ball to try to predict. But I think fundamentally you would believe there to be long-term upside in those commodity prices, but maybe not this year.
Jeremy Tonet: Got you. So, no changing to your hedging policy. You guys are still active in future years?
Steve Kean: That's correct.
Jeremy Tonet: Okay great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And the next question is from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Hi, Craig.
Craig Shere: Hi, good afternoon. I was wondering what was driving or the thinking was in this commodity environment where there was maybe another $1 million, if I heard correctly, in additional EOR CapEx that hit the pipeline. And I was also curious if some more color could be given on some of the smaller fields that this quarter, those still behind budgets, seem to be picking up a little.
Steve Kean: Okay. On the EOR front, I mean Jesse can fill in here. But what we have done is we've added some additional investment, which is really part of the program that we had anticipated all along on our tall cotton or residual oil zone recovery. That's the bulk of what we're adding to the backlog. We did an assessment of this, really, last quarter to look at what are the returns in the current commodity price environment and really looking at it at $50, $60, $40 and $70 range. And between $50 and $60, these projects are very attractive returns, and even better when you take into account even a modest assumption around cost reductions of say 15%. Jesse and his team are doing better than that right now. So, these projects are economic and we will pursue them so long as they are. And I'm sorry the second part of your question Craig was?
Kim Dang: Production attachment [ph] and--
Steve Kean: And what about it.
Craig Shere: Goldsmith seemed to be picking up a little more. I know Katz and Goldsmith are behind but it seems like they may be perking up a little bit, and if there's any update that you could give. 
Rich Kinder: I'm going to ask Jesse who heads up our CO2 operation. We're very pleased; Goldsmith was up 20% quarter-over-quarter. So, Jesse, do you want to comment on that?
Jesse Arenivas: Yeah, I think we've seen a lot of improvement with Goldsmith, primarily on our implementation with surveillance and facility optimization projects able to withdraw more fluid which was a hold back on production. I think we're currently averaging about 1,900 barrels a day, which is almost double what we had this time last year. So, we've seen a lot of improvement. Well operating costs are coming down. We're finding more efficient methods to move fluid. But, overall, we're pleased and we've come a long way in the quarter.
Craig Shere: Great. And a bit of a follow-up, maybe, to Christine's question on industry M&A. I know that historically you normally don't pursue aggressive M&A, either in terms of paying a lot or hostile. But if large peers are putting themselves up, do you see absolute regulatory issues barring you from participating? Or is that something that you can at least sharpen the pencil on to determine if maybe some individual large assets are better placed somewhere else, but you can still participate in that process?
Rich Kinder: That would have to be determined on a case-by-case basis, looking at the exact assets involved and whether there is or isn't overlap with our footprint. But we would never rule anything out and certainly think we would study very carefully anything that came to fruition.
Craig Shere: And last question, Rich, you said that there were attractive returns given the 20-year guarantee by Shell on that $630 million of additional investment. Is there roughly a broad range of EBITDA in that project you could offer at Elba?
Steve Kean: I don't have an EBITDA number off the top of my head. I think--
Kim Dang: But it's consistent with how we would price other projects with a long-term credit from an A rated credit.
Craig Shere: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question is from Peter Levinson of Waveny Capital. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Hey Peter.
Peter Levinson: Hey guys, how are you?
Rich Kinder: Fine.
Peter Levinson: A question for Rich and Steve. It seems to us that in the last, call it, six to eight weeks your stock has been beaten up for four reasons. One, rates, fear of rate hikes in the Fed, et cetera. If we spot that the Fed is going to start to raise rates gradually it still doesn't seem to explain the move in your stock because you're trading at historical wides, and you're trading much wide to your comps than you have historically. Two, crude being down, Iran coming online, OPEC, et cetera. But you have given us the math; you've demonstrated you're not meaningfully exposed to the crude price. Three, the timely or untimely resurrection of what I thought was a wholly discredited bear attack by a tabloid claiming that your investment grade debt is not serviceable. And, four, your retirement. But you're showing us that you remain actively involved. You've been buying stock in the open market, you're leading this call. I'm struggling to understand. Until, call it, two weeks ago you and Williams traded exactly in line on a dividend yield basis. They got a bid at a 33% premium. Your stock trades down. What am I missing?
Rich Kinder: You tell me. It goes without saying, you guys listen to me, I'm the largest shareholder and I don't like it a bit. What's the old saying? I'm mad as hell and I won't take it anymore. But I can't use the latter part of that, obviously. No, I think in the long run markets are rational. In the short-term they can be irrational. If you look at it, we've looked at it every way from Sunday. Through the first quarter, we outperformed most of our peers. We fell off the second quarter. And if you look at it back through October when oil was last at $90, we've done pretty well compared with the peers. We're very disappointed with the performance over the last few weeks. Some of us have bought more stock. That's the only good thing, it's a buying opportunity. And we just don't see it. All the points you make are interesting. Certainly I don't think my retirement has anything to do with this. I'm still around; my name is on the door. Steve and Kim and the rest of this team can run it a hell of a lot better than I can, anyway. So, that should not be and is not in my opinion, a factor. But certainly rates are. Any time you have bear attacks I suppose that has some modest impact. But I am hopeful that after what we've said today and you can see this growth in the backlog and the fact that I'll never say, as Steve said, that we're unaffected, as he said. Sure, we have effect against us if our customers are suffering with low commodity prices. But in general, we're pretty oblivious to this. We're pretty able to profit and produce very nice cash flow regardless of where the commodity prices are. And to me, that's what makes this a great story. When you're out there saying we're paying a 5% dividend and giving you 10% growth for the next six years that to me is just a wonderful story based on $130 billion of enterprise value. So, we're very disappointed in the price, so thank you for giving me the opportunity to comment on it.
Peter Levinson: Okay. Thanks very much, and congrats on a great quarter.
Operator: And the next question is from Becca Followill of U.S. Capital. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Hi Becca, how are you?
Becca Followill: I'm good. Thanks. On the $600 million project that you're deferring into, can you talk about what that is?
Steve Kean: Yeah, it's primarily -- it's not exclusively, but primarily it is additional CO2 source development. And it's really two things. One is that part of the source development that we're continuing with at Doe Canyon we found a much more economic way to get the same amount of production essentially involved. We didn't have to build a whole new set of facilities. We can use an existing set of facilities to accomplish what we want out there, so we were able to take scope out of the project. But the rest of it and the majority of it, really, is that we think we can scale back the addition of additional CO2 source and still meet the demand that we expect for the market for the near-term so, during the period of the backlog. So, we still see growth in that CO2 demand, just not as much as it was before. Jesse, anything else?
Becca Followill: So, none of it is reduced drilling or infield development?
Steve Kean: It's not reduced. We're drilling on both ends of this thing. So, the EOR, it's not a representation of reduced activity in the enhanced oil recovery fields. It's on the development of CO2 production that we send down the pipe and send to third-parties and our operations.
Becca Followill: Okay. Thank you. And then just to clarify Elba liquefaction, I think just based on your analyst meeting the original CapEx there was $884 million for your 51%. And then you're seeing additional $630 million, yet there's a total of $2.1 billion. Can you help me reconcile that difference?
Rich Kinder: I think the $885 million just pertained to our share of the plant itself. And we have other ancillary facilities that we are building as part of this and we're getting paid for.
Steve Kean: So, think of Elba as two pieces with a third related piece. One is the liquefaction facility self. That was the JV; that was the 51/49 JV. The other is the Elba terminal facilities itself, which were always 100% Kinder Morgan. And then the third related pieces, the transportation, the upstream gas pipeline transportation that brings the gas into the facility, some of which is being done for Shell but some is being done for third parties, as well, and that's 100% Kinder Morgan.
Becca Followill: Okay, great. And then to clarify on the product pipeline, did you restate you're showing volumes there?
Kim Dang: We adjust for the JV. We may, yes, Becca, we would have adjusted both periods. There were some cases where we were showing JVs at 100%. So, we've gone to our pro rata share on those JVs. And it's an apples-to-apples comparison meaning we adjusted the prior period and this period.
Becca Followill: Okay, got you. And then do you have a new estimate of CapEx excluding acquisitions for 2015? The original was $4.4 billion. There's been new productions in CO2 plus additions there. Is that $4.4 billion still ballpark or are we looking at lower than that? 
Kim Dang: We're looking at lower. So, the original $4.4 billion included a little over $300 million in acquisitions. So, the $4.4 billion is now $7 billion again, including acquisitions of Hiland and stuff. So, on the original budget it was $4.0 billion, really, or $4.04 billion of expansion CapEx. And that number is now $3.6 billion of the $7 billion is associated with expansion CapEx. So, about a $430 million reduction. And that -- it's got a lot of moving parts in it, but the biggest piece is roughly the $450 million reduction that I talked about in CO2, primarily associated with the S&P development at St. John's and the Lobos 5.
Becca Followill: Okay, perfect. And then last question on Northeast Direct, with capacity of 1.3 BCF a day, contracted 550, I know you said you're comfortable; it's picking up volumes, maybe, especially in the winter. But how do you phase this in? If you don't get any additional contracts do you go forward with the full 1.3 assuming it's only 42% contracted? Or do you -- how do you phase it in so that you can maybe not be so under contracted?
Steve Kean: Yeah, good question. If we get the pipe laid, the compression additions can be separate decisions. And so, when I talk about us being able to phase in as the commitments come in, we're going to ask to authorize the whole thing, but we will be able to make decisions on individual compression capacity additions as the commitments come through.
Jesse Arenivas: Yes, to just repeat what Steve and Rich said earlier, we're really kicking off the project for 600,000 a day. But certainly with the compression expansions we can scale it up as we get additional firm commitments, up to the 1.3, and that won't affect the original timing of serving of original customers because they are just compression expansions. 
Becca Followill: Thank you. That helps a lot. And then, finally, on EMTP, with no storage, or underground storage, up in the area, is that a big chunk of the $4 billion price tag -- having to build above ground storage to run the system?
Steve Kean: We do have some storage additions included in the project. Ron, do you want to cover that?
Ron McClain: We have some storage on the north end plan and we're looking at storage options on the south end. I don't believe they're included. That gets back to where the shipper wants to go with products, whether it's chem for refining or international. I think a big part of the issue potential on the south end. We do have some plans. To coordinate you have to buffer your product in a batch line. So, some products come in, others are building inventory and eventually will clear in so that there's operational [Technical Difficulty].
Becca Followill: Thank you. And then, I'm sorry, I had one more. On Palmetto, how do you guys proceed without having that permit from Georgia?
Steve Kean: As I said, the permit is not required for us to proceed with the project. It would have been helpful to the project. And I don't want to go into a lot of detail here. We're really exploring the options for how we nevertheless proceed with the project, but don't want to go into a lot of detail here for competitive reasons.
Becca Followill: Understand. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And the next question is from Ross Payne from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Mr. Payne, how are you doing?
Ross Payne: I'm doing fine Rich. How are you doing?
Rich Kinder: Good.
Ross Payne: A follow on question to that. I assume the Palmetto was going to bring additional volumes for Elba Island to export, so I was going to ask--.
Rich Kinder: No, it's not.
Ross Payne: Okay.
Steve Kean: Yes, different product. Palmetto is gasoline, diesel and jet fuel. And of course we're talking about LNG.
Ross Payne: Okay, my bad on that. With the Georgia situation, I guess you've given about as much information as you can, but in terms of your confidence level on being able to move forward with that, how would you gauge that?
Steve Kean: We're still confident enough to leave it in the backlog -- it was already in the backlog -- which is a reflection that we believe that it's a highly probable project.
Ross Payne: Okay. And then if you guys could give us a little bit of an update on where you are in your hedges for the rest of the year and then maybe looking into 2016 in terms of percentage of expected production that you're hedged and perhaps the level.
Kim Dang: Yeah, on 2015 -- the balance of 2015 we're hedged at 81% at $78. In 2016, we're hedged at 58% at $75; 2017 at 36% at $75; 2018 is 27% at $75; and 2019 is 12% at $66.
Ross Payne: Okay. Thank you, Kim, very much. And then one of the rating agencies recently wrote you guys up and kind of inferred that there could be some M&A that's outside of your typical business. If you guys can talk about what that might look like and just expand on that a little bit if you can.
Steve Kean: Not sure what you're referring to there, Ross. Do you have something more specific on it? Or David, do you have an answer on it?
David Michels: Yes, I think he's referring to -- Ross, I think you're referring to the Moody's write-up where they talk about the potential need to reach outside of our typical traditional skills of investments. And I think he referenced the Jones Act tankers, which we are very happy with that acquisition and are supported by long-term contracts.
Ross Payne: Right. I just didn't know if there was going to be anything beyond that box that we've typically seen with you guys. And obviously Jones Act pushed it out a little bit but you could almost call that a moving pipeline. Do you guys envision getting into any other assets outside of the typical energy assets?
Rich Kinder: Look, Ross, as we've said many times, we look at our self as a toll road, and that toll road is a pipeline which is certainly our field of greatest expertise and where the majority of our assets are. That's great. If it moves by rail, we're pretty big in rail terminals. If it moves by ship, we have Jones Act tankers. We look at all these things that we can do as long as it's in the energy field and as long as we're acting as a toll road and could lock up as much of the cash flow as humanly possible. And that's why these Jones Act tankers have been so good. We've been able to enter into long-term contracts with very creditworthy shippers. So, we'll continue to look for opportunities like that. We're not going to go out and buy a bakery -- although I'm glad Hostess cupcakes are doing so well. We're sticking to what we know.
Ross Payne: Great. All right. That's what I wanted to hear. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And the next question is from Faisel Khan with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: HI Faisel, how are you?
Faisel Khan: Good. Thank you for the time. I appreciate it. Just a couple questions. Going back to somebody else's question on the product pipelines, the throughput volumes there, I just want to make sure I'm understanding this correctly. It looks like gasoline volumes sequentially dropped off pretty significantly, although they were up year-over-year. I just want to make sure I understand how those numbers move around. Obviously profits were up sequentially and up over last year. But I just want to make sure I understand how the seasonality works on the product pipelines. 
Rich Kinder: I guess I'm a little confused on that. Our total refined products were 159 million barrels -- really 160 million barrels this time versus 304 year-to-date, which would mean it's actually up second quarter over first quarter, just eyeballing it.
Faisel Khan: Okay, sorry, I must be looking at different data then. I'm looking at 110 million barrels in the first quarter down to 98 million barrels, so I must be pulling different data then. That's fine.
Rich Kinder: We're up 4% overall on the refined product. A lot of that is on the West Coast and Pacific. We think lower commodity prices drives more demand. And there's also some recovery of economy. So, we're really enjoying that on both coasts.
Faisel Khan: Okay. So, the volumes are definitely up sequentially on the product pipelines.
Steve Kean: Yeah. And I'm just looking at the same numbers from the release here. Our three months is more than half of the year-to-date so we're up --.
Faisel Khan: Okay, got you. I'm just reading the data wrong. Sorry about that.
Rich Kinder: But you would expect gasoline demand grows as you go into the summer months.
Faisel Khan: Right, that's what I was trying to look at.
Rich Kinder: If you look around here, and as Ron McClain was pointing out, that these lower prices, if they have any advantage, we are starting to see this as the third or fourth quarter in a row where we have seen improvement quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year. So, that's encouraging. But it looks like maybe lower prices are having some impact on how much people are driving.
Kim Dang: And if you're looking at last quarter's press release, you might look at just this one and do the comparative data. Plantation may have been adjusted, too, our share of Plantation.
Faisel Khan: Okay. That's what we did -- that's what we have.
Kim Dang: For both periods in this press release. But if you're looking at a prior one it might have that issue.
Faisel Khan: Okay. So, we must be getting it wrong. Okay, thank you for clearing that up.
Unidentified Company Speaker: [Technical Difficulty] 282% quarter-over-quarter. A lot of that is because of acquisition and tremendous growth [Technical Difficulty].
Faisel Khan: Okay, understood. And just a couple questions on potential enhancements or expansions of your current asset base. Is there a way for you to make a significant investment in the LPG export end market given the terminals you guys control around the country? How are you looking at that opportunity vis-à-vis the demand from customers?
Steve Kean: Yea, we're looking at -- we have a great position on the Houston ship channel, a number of facilities, as you know, up and down the channel. And we have been looking at opportunities for export facilities. We don't have anything done yet. Go ahead John.
John Schlosser: There are a number of opportunities present themselves. We're looking at LPG, both in Houston and the Northeast. But it's competing with clean product projects that we're looking at the same facilities as well as potential crude projects. So, the market is very ripe in Houston right now, it's just a matter of which products makes the most sense on a going forward basis.
Faisel Khan: Okay, understood. And if you think about those different options what's the more profitable barrel to ship? Is it gasoline and diesel or is it LPG?
John Schlosser: Our experience on the Houston ship channel is 43 million barrels of gasoline and diesel. And we have had a tremendous amount of success on that and we have a number of projects to continue to grow and expand that. We've gone from four docks to 12 docks. Gasoline and diesel are both seeing resurgence on the export side. So, we'll see more and more opportunities there. The LPG projects are very profitable so they could compete with potential clean and other expansions. But we see more and more opportunities on the clean side, more so than the other two.
Faisel Khan: Okay. And just going back to a question someone asked about what kind of assets, would you own any other assets outside of the normal footprint you've been in? Would you ever buy a railroad company?
Steve Kean: I think, as Rich said, what we're looking for is secure cash flows and particularly secure and growing cash flows. So, you couldn't say that that was off the table. There may be opportunities like that. But as you know, that's an extremely concentrated industry. We have done well, I think, with our investment in Watco, and that's about, I think, all there is to say on it.
Faisel Khan: Understood. Thank you for the time. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, there are no further questions in queue. I'll turn it back over to Mr. Rich Kinder.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Well, thank you all very much, and have a good evening.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. All parties may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-21 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Rich Kinder - CEO Steve Kean - COO Kim Dang - CFO Dax Sanders - VP, Corporate Development Tom Martin - President, Natural Gas Pipelines Jesse Arenivas - President, CO2
Analysts: Shneur Gershuni - UBS Mark Reichman - Simmons Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt and Company Darren Horowitz - Raymond James Ted Durbin - Goldman Sachs Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers John Edwards - Credit Suisse Christine Cho - Barclays
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the quarterly earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the meeting over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Chairman and CEO of Kinder Morgan. Go ahead, you may begin.
Rich Kinder: Thank you, Sharon and welcome to our first quarter analyst call. As usual, we’ll be making statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. I'll give an overview of the quarter, then Steve Kean, our Chief Operating Officer, will talk about the performance of our five business segments and give you an update on our backlog of expansion projects. And then our CFO, Kim Dang, will explain the financial results in detail, and then we'll take any questions that you might have. Our Board today voted to increase the dividend for the first quarter to $0.48 or $1.92 annualized. That’s up 14% from the first quarter of 2014 when we paid a dividend of $0.42 per share. And it’s a 7% increase from the $0.45 we paid for the fourth quarter of 2014. This is consistent with our announced intention of declaring $2 per share in dividends for ‘15, the full year of 2015, which would be a 15% increase over full-year 2014. And we are on track to do just that. We also continue to project growth in that dividend of 10% per year off of that $2 base out through 2020. Our DCF per share was $0.58 for the first quarter, which equates to coverage in excess of our dividend of $206 million. Now, any comparison with the first quarter of ‘14 is a little bit apples to oranges, because of course we didn’t roll up KMP, KMR and EPB until the fourth quarter of 2014. That said, I think the simplest comparison is this. In the first quarter of ‘14, we had 1.036 billion shares outstanding. We had DCF of $0.55 per share. We declared a dividend of $0.42 per share, which resulted in excess coverage of approximately $138 million. This quarter we had 2.159 billion shares outstanding. We had DCF of $0.58 per share. We declared a dividend of $0.48 per share, and that resulted in excess coverage of about $206 million. So we more than doubled the number of shares, we increased the dividend by 14% and we still substantially increased our excess coverage. All in an environment of dramatically lower commodity prices. For example, our average realized oil price per barrel in our CO2 segment was $72.62 in the first quarter of ‘15 versus $91.89 in the same quarter a year ago. And the average Henry Hub price for natural gas was $2.98 in the first quarter of ‘15 versus $4.94 in the first quarter of ‘14. This demonstrates to me that our enormous footprint and our diversified set of mostly fee-based assets can produce very good results, even in times of tumultuous market conditions. Notwithstanding the lower commodity prices, we experienced good volume growth in most of our businesses. For example, our natural gas transportation volumes were up 6%, our refined products volumes were up 5.6%. Our condensate volumes more than tripled. Our net oil production and our CO2 segment was up 9%. And our liquids throughput in our Terminals group was up 23%. In short, we expect to continue to perform well in 2015, pay our dividend as originally targeted at $2 with substantial excess coverage as we’ve demonstrated this quarter. And believe we are setting the table for years of good growth. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Steve.
Steve Kean: Thanks, Rich. I’ll give you an update on the project backlog. Also update you on two projects that are not in the backlog, and give you some operational commercial highlights from the segments. Since our January update, on a comparable basis, the backlog decreased a little bit by about $200 million. The main changes were that we added 1.1 billion in new investments to the backlog, about 40% of that is the addition of the high probability portion of the Hiland backlog. And the balance is made up primarily of additional gas pipeline and terminals expansions. We put into service almost $400 million worth of projects during the quarter, with half of that represented by the startup of the first condensate splitter of our two splitter project in Houston ship channel. But just taking into account what we added and what went into service, we grew the backlog by $700 million even while putting into service $400 million worth of projects. The big offset to what would have been a net addition to the backlog is the removal of about $900 million, the vast majority of which came from our CO2 business.  And so what’s going on there is while CO2 source development is economic along our existing infrastructure, meaning Southwest Colorado and the Cortez pipeline, new developments -- and we're going to continue to expand our capability there. It's harder to make new CO2 developments work in the current commodity price environment. So we pushed St. John's field and the Lobos pipeline developments outside the time frame of the backlog. In this price environment, that's simply the wise thing to do. New CO2 source developments aside, I think the takeaway here is that we continue to see strong demand for expansion of our midstream pipeline and terminals businesses, notwithstanding the lower commodity price environment. As the release points out, we also made a methodology change and we're moving overhead now. So our backlog currently, including capitalized overhead and the capital portion of the backlog and in the CapEx in the backlog, and we’ll consistently state it this way going forward. So our backlog now stands at 18.3 billion. The reason we're including overhead is capitalized overhead is included when we make the investment decision. It's in our return calculations. And when we give you guys indications of returns or EBITDA multiples on investments, we're typically giving those with overhead included. But the numbers I just went through are stating the changes from last quarter to this on a comparable basis. Two other projects that we have not put in the backlog yet, first is Northeast Direct. Now there we've made great progress. We’ve received significant commitments from LDC customers for the market portion of that project, over 550 a day of commitment. And there's a very compelling economic need for this project. After two very tough winters, it's apparent that additional gas capacity is needed in the Northeast. In fact, the extra cost of energy, just the electric portion of energy costs in New England these last two winters, would have paid for both the supply and market portions of this project which is about a $5 billion investment. The highest gas prices in North America and the lowest prices are only a few hundred miles apart, which suggests very strongly to us that a new pipeline should be built. We're getting close here. We're looking to secure some additional commitments from the power sector, and we believe that our project is well positioned to serve substantial share of the gas fired power demand in the region. But we have not yet put this in the backlog. Again, we're getting close, we've made substantial progress. Now for UMTP. So this is our proposed conversion of an existing Tennessee gas pipeline -- gas line to NGL service from the Utica and Marcellus to the Texas Gulf coast. First, we continue to believe that this also is a good long-term project for producers both in terms of the cost of the outlet for them, but also in terms of the quality and option value of the markets that it would let them access. We get them to Mont Belvieu and potentially to [water] for export and we think that, in the long run, is going to be valuable to producers.  Second, we revised our offering to the market to contemplate a batched system rather than a pure y-grade system. Which gives producers with various commodities and commodity mixes to have more transport options. So we've improved, we think, the offering that the market is looking at now. This has attracted interest, but we don't have any signatures yet. So it's not in the backlog.  We also filed this quarter for the abandonment of the TGP line that would allow us to convert this line to NGL service. And when we look at the economics of UMTP, we burden it with the CapEx that we would expect to spend on TGP to replace the capacity that we would be using when we convert. And then finally on this project, a reminder that we do have the option of keeping it in gas service if the market commitments for liquids transport don't materialize. Now for the segment review. Just doing the year-over-year comparison on the quarter, earnings before DD&A for the gas pipeline segment was 1.087 billion, that's up 1% year-over-year. That's the addition of the Hiland assets, strong performance from EPNG and our South Texas midstream assets, offsetting a weaker performance in our other gas midstream assets. Recall also that last year, we had a major shipper buyout of its contract on Kinder Morgan Louisiana pipeline, and so we are seeing year-over-year negative from that event. But up 1% year-over-year. We had transport volumes, as Rich mentioned, 6% higher across the segment. We also had higher sales volumes, which is primarily in our intrastate business also up by 6%. And gathering volumes were up by 12%, although the latter were aided by the Hiland acquisition. We also saw increased power burn on our [indiscernible] -- our SNG system as a result of coal to gas switching. We continue to see strong demand for long-term firm natural gas transport capacity. We added another 600 million a day of transport commitments during the quarter with a volume weighted average term length of 13.5 years, and about a third of that capacity was existing previously unsold capacity. That brings the total that we've signed up since December of 2013 to 7.3 DCF of new and pending commitments, with an average term length of almost 17 years. So the summary here is we continue to see strong demand for existing and expansion capacity on our gas assets. Though on the expansion side, we're starting to see more of a field to market pull rather than the producer push we've been seeing in previous years. Turning now to CO2. Segment earnings before DD&A in this segment were $281 million, down 85 million or 23% year-over-year. Clearly due to lower commodity prices. Our existing EOR developments and the developments of CO2 sources in our existing footprint remain economic. But again, clearly, commodity prices are impacting this segment in particular. Our volumes are up year-over-year. Led by SACROC, which is up 13%, with an overall increase of 9% across all of our EOR developments. Katz and Goldsmith are also up year-over-year, but are still well under plan. We are also extracting some cost savings in this price environment. We've locked in a fair amount already. We're expecting we're going to do a little bit better, and expect we'll end up on our OpEx and maintenance CapEx of savings north of 20%. And as, I mentioned, we also removed significant capital expenditures from this segment as we discussed in the backlog update. Now turning to Products Pipelines, segment earnings before DD&A were $245 million. That's up 20% year-over-year. That's driven by the ramp up of volumes on our KMCC system in Texas, including the startup of the splitter project, the first splitter there. As well as an increase in our volumes on our refined products system in the west SFPP, offset in part by unfavorable inventory pricing in our transmix business. In this segment, we see the upside of lower commodity prices. We saw refined products up quarter-to quarter, year-over-year by 5.6%. Now we continue to advance our Palmetto refined products pipeline which is under contract, our Utopia NGL pipeline, and our second splitter in the Houston ship channel, all of those are under contract and in the backlog. Turning to Terminals. Segment earnings before DD&A were $264 million, up 16% from last year. 70% of that is attributable to organic growth. We continued to see strong performance in our Gulf Coast liquids facilities. And earnings benefited from our expansions in Edmonton, and in the Houston ship channel. On the bulk side, steel volumes are lower, as are coal volumes, but we are protected on that commodity by contract minimums. The liquids part of this segment is also driving the growth projects, as we're establishing great positions in the Edmonton and Houston hubs for liquids. In Edmonton, our expansion projects including the baseline terminal JV with Keyera that we recently announced will bring our merchant crude storage position there to 12 million barrels. The largest in the area, and up from zero 10 years ago. In Houston, our expansions will get us to 43 million barrels and over 2 million barrels of the Vopak acquisition. And that's primarily liquid fuels, refined products. So we continue to build strong positions in these two markets, and very importantly, we continue to add connectivity to our assets in each of these markets which further enhances the value of our positions there. Finally for Kinder Morgan Canada, a quick update on our $5.4 billion expansion of Trans Mountain. We are half past the halfway mark on the NEB process. We're still expecting to see draft conditions this summer, and we expect to get the final NEB recommendation in January of 2016. Just as important, I think, while you wouldn't know it from reading the press clippings or the twitter feeds, we're making very good progress on our work with communities and First Nations along the route as well. Most of our route is in our current pipeline corridor, except where community or land owner needs dictative variation. So we have existing relationships with many of the communities and First Nations along the way, and now we're showing some results. We have community benefit agreements that cover 87% of the route, as you'd expect, there isn’t -- we don't have any in the lower mainland of British Columbia. But we have 87% of the route covered with community benefits agreements which are in support of the project. We also have agreements with about a third of the First Nations that are most directly affected by the project. We'd like to have more, but this is still very good progress. There's clearly vocal opposition along the last few kilometers in the lower mainland. We've made some progress there too though. We're researching a tunneling alternative that would -- and have demonstrated, we believe, the feasibility of a tunneling alternative that would reduce the impact of the expansion on some of those communities, and potentially accommodate the relocation of the existing pipeline as well. So overall, good progress on this project that's maybe not readily apparent from the press and social media. And again a reminder here, this project is under long-term contracts which have been approved by the NEB. So that's the segment and project update. And with that, I'll turn it over to Kim.
Kim Dang: Thanks, Steve. Let me start first with the GAAP income statement and one comment on it before I move to distributable cash flow. If you look on the GAAP income statement, you can see that revenues are down about 11% or 450 million. But if you also look at OpEx, it's down by 531 million or 25%. And the largest contributor to this move in revenue and OpEx is our Texas intrastate business where we buy and sell natural gas. Now we largely match up our purchases and sales. For example, if we enter into a contract to buy at Houston ship channel minus we also enter into a contract to sell that Houston Ship Channel flat; with the result being a fixed margin of 10%, but your revenues and expenses are going to fluctuate with commodity prices. We also have somewhat similar characteristics in some of our other assets in our portfolio, and that's what's contributing to this large change in the revenue and OpEx. Now changes in revenues, we don't think are good predictor of our performance. We continue to believe that the best predictor of our performance is change in distributable cash flow per share, and the change in the dividends per share. But given the large change during the quarter, we thought that was important to explain. So moving to the second page of our -- of numbers in our press release, which is KMI's calculation of distributable cash flow which we reconcile to GAAP net income. We use distributable cash flow as a measure of the cash we have available to pay dividends. The same format that we used in the fourth quarter of last year for KMI and DCF is calculated as net income excluding certain items plus DD&A, plus book taxes, minus cash taxes, minus sustaining CapEx, plus or minus some other small items. In addition, for periods presented prior to the fourth quarter consolidation transaction, in this case Q1 2014, we also subtract distributions declared by KMP and EPB to arrive at KMI's distributable cash flow. For the first quarter in 2015, there are no longer distributions to KMP and EPB, and so all of the distributable cash flow is available to pay dividends on the KMI shares. But the KMI share count has also increased significantly, primarily as a result of other shares issued in the consolidation transaction to acquire the MLPs. So for the quarter, distributable cash flow per share $0.58 versus the declared distribution today of $0.48. We have over $200 million in coverage in the quarter. Distributable cash flow, the total number is $1.242 billion, up $669 million or 117%. But as I said a moment ago, a lot of that is coming because we're not paying the distributions down at the MLPs. If you look at our segments for the quarter, segment earnings before DD&A $1.912 billion, which is roughly flat with where we were a year ago. For the full year right now, what we're expecting versus our budget, notwithstanding the significant decline in commodity prices, we expect on segment earnings before DD&A for the full year versus our budget to be within about 1% of what we budgeted. The other moving pieces go to G&A expense, in the quarter, $169 million, it’s a $6 million increase from last year. We expect versus our budget to be about 4% above our budget, largely as a result of the Hiland transaction. Without the Hiland transaction, we would be pretty close to our budget on G&A. On interest for the quarter, $514 million, that's up $69 million versus the first quarter in 2014. All as a result of higher balance. The average rate is actually down slightly. Versus our budget for the full year, what we're expecting is to be above our budget by about 1%, all as a result of Hiland. If -- without the Hiland acquisition, we would actually have less interest expense in our budget, we'd be favorable to our budget by about 2% on interest expense. A couple of the other big moving pieces in the DCF calculation, cash taxes in the quarter were a $2 million positive because we got some state tax refunds. Versus our budget for the full year, we're expecting also to be positive by about $10 million. Sustaining CapEx in the quarter, $104 million of sustaining capital expenditures, that's actually running less than what we budgeted, but that's timing. For the full year, we expect to be above our budget on sustaining CapEx as a result primarily of the Hiland acquisition. But also even without the Hiland acquisition, we'd be about 1% above our budget due to some higher relocation expenses than we anticipated. Now in terms of coverage for the full year, you will recall that our budget for coverage for the full year was $654 million. And that was predicated on a $70 per barrel oil price, and $3.80 gas. We showed sensitivity at the analyst conference at various prices. But we highlighted at $50 a barrel and $3 in gas, which is pretty close to where we've been running, that our coverage would be about $430 million, so about a $224 million decrease due to commodity exposure. And we currently expect that our commodity price impact for the full year will be largely consistent with that.  In addition to the decrease in commodity prices we currently expect about a $50 million negative impact in our midstream natural gas segment from lower volumes. And some negative impact from FX and our KMC and Terminals business. But even after taking these negatives into account, we would expect to be better than the $430 million that we’ve showed you. As result of the Hiland acquisition, interest savings and CO2 cost savings. Now with respect to the timing of our coverage, it’s not evenly split. We expect to generate the greatest amount of coverage in the first quarter and the fourth quarter. We may have negative coverage in Q2, but again, we still expect to have significant excess coverage up for the full year. Now let me spend a second on our certain items. The largest certain items in the quarter; first of all, the loss on asset disposals or impairments, is largely associated with some impairments on some small Copano assets, $79 million. That’s being largely offset by mark-to-market ineffectiveness, primarily on our CO2 hedges, which is timing. We’ll continue to recognize the results of those hedges at the time of physical settlement in the segment. And then the other large item is 23 million of fair value amortization. And this is a couple of different things, but let me give you an example of what fair value amortization is. When we bought our-- the ships, APT last January, the contracts on some of those ships were considered to be under market. But we recognized an asset on our balance sheet which we amortize to revenue, or it’s a liability on our balance sheet which we amortized to revenue over time which is non-cash. So we’re not taking credit for this fair value amortization, and we have certain other examples of that primarily impacting interest expense. So the certain items for the quarter actually total $14 million of income. So largely, they offset each other.  Now turning to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with debt of $42.8 billion, and that results in a debt to EBITDA of 5.8 times. Now that is higher than what we would have expected, and that’s primarily due to the Hiland acquisition.  We only have one and a half months of earnings in our EBITDA from the Hiland acquisition. But we’ve got all the debt, and in fact, slightly more debt than we expect to have when we have our long-term capital structure in place with respect to that acquisition. But we still expect to end the year at about 5.6 times consistent with the budget. By that time, we will have completed all the equity with respect to Hiland. And we will have 10.5 months of the EBITDA included in our debt to EBITDA. The change in debt for the quarter is $2.2 billion increase in debt from December 31st. Let me walk you through that reconciliation. We spent about 4.06 billion in our investment program. That’s $3.2 billion in acquisition, with the largest piece of that being $3.06 billion on Hiland. We spent about $800 million on expansion CapEx, and we made about $30 million in contributions to equity investments, primarily Eagle Hawk and Elba. We issued equity of 1.6 billion. Now let me point out, that 1.6 billion you’re going to see is different from the 1.745 billion that you saw in the press release. And that’s because -- primarily because some of the proceeds from this equity issuance were received after March 31st. So we issued the shares on March 31st or before, but because things settle on T plus 3, some of the proceeds were received after the quarter closed. We have coverage of a little over $200 million. We received an income tax refund related to our 2014 taxes of $194 million. And this is because of the depreciation associated -- primarily because the depreciation associated with the consolidation transaction that we received in 2014, as well as a few other items. Accrued interest was a use of working capital of about 114 million. Interest payments primarily occur in the first quarter and in the third quarter, so we typically have a use of working capital for accrued interest in those quarters. And then we have a use of working capital for other items of about $60 million to get you to a $2.2 billion increase in debt. So with that, I’ll turn it back over to Rich.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Kim. Thank you, Steve. And with that, Sharon, if you’ll come back on, we’ll take any questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Shneur Gershuni of UBS. Go ahead sir. Your line is open. 
Shneur Gershuni : I just wanted to start off at a high level. There's been a lot of attention about M&A. The recent Royal Dutch deal and so forth. And given your interest in M&A as you've explained at the Analyst Day and so forth, I was wondering if you can give us some color as to what you're seeing out there? Are there distressed assets available or non-strategic assets coming up for sale? Have bid asks narrowed a little bit? Can we expect Kinder Morgan to be active in the coming months, or as things moved with the price of oil and so forth?
Rich Kinder: I think you can expect us to be active in the coming months. Answering the last part of your question first. Obviously, we've made two acquisitions already, the 3 billion, 3.1 billion Hiland and then the Vopak Terminal acquisition, which was a little over $160 million. So we've not been sitting on the sidelines. That said, we continue to look for things. But obviously, they have to be a fit both in terms of accretion to our shareholders, to our distributable cash flow and doability. And there's a lot of cheap money out there chasing deals right now. And that's pretty common knowledge how much money has been injected into the energy patch just in the last few weeks. But I'd like to get Dax Sanders, our Corporate Development Vice President, to maybe expand on it a little bit. Dax?
Dax Sanders: As you said, we've spent a lot of time looking at various potential opportunities. But as you well know, with acquisitions you've got to have three things. You've got to number one, want the assets, number two, you've got to have valuation work, and number three, you've got to get past the social issues. And I think there are certainly things out there; I think that bid offer spreads certainly do continue to persist. And notwithstanding that, there are certain things that are transacting. Obviously, we were able to get Hiland done. I think we certainly have, as Rich said, an appetite for more acquisitions. And I think we've got a good track record of executing on acquisitions, and successfully integrating them. And I think we've got plenty of capacity and ability to execute and integrate other additional acquisitions and we continue to spend a lot of time on it.
Shneur Gershuni: A couple of quick follow-ups. We've spent a lot of time in the energy world talking about the price of oil over the last couple months. But natural gas prices have been down quite a bit as well too. When I look at the changes that you announced for your backlog, the only change so far is really -- negatively speaking has been in the CO2 business and you've been successful in adding projects as well also. I was wondering if you can talk to how the natural gas price may impact your backlog and/or the shadow backlog on a go forward basis. Could we see potential negative revisions, or are you immune to it?
Rich Kinder: I'll start, and then I'll ask either Steve or Tom Martin to comment on that. But the overriding principle here is that we are seeing a dramatic increase in natural gas usage. Long term, we expect it to go from the 74 BCF, 75 BCF a day today to 110 BCF in the next 10 years. That's being driven by demand pull and supply push, but a tremendous opportunity for the largest midstream player like us. And we're just seeing indications of that. Steve mentioned what increase in our capacity sign-ups that we've had again just in this quarter. But I think the main thing here is, that this demand will continue to drive more growth and we're certainly seeing those opportunities.
Steve Kean: The demand side is where it's happening. The big example would be Northeast Direct if we get that done. Now there's a supply -- the supply [indiscernible] that is a combination of demand pull and supply push. But we're going to see demand pull if Northeast Direct gets under contract coming from LDCs and power plants. And that's the biggest chunk. Now what Tom's team added in this last quarter was also power plant -- expansions for power plants, signing up some capacity with utilities that was previously unsold. So you definitely see the demand pull starting to show up. From a backlog standpoint purely, again, NED is the big deal. Northeast Direct is the big deal. If you break down the rest of the market and say, well, there's going to be additional gas demand to the extent that it comes through a gas utility, then I think you'll see contracts get underwritten for expansions to -- and we announced one on NGPL here just yesterday, expansions will get underwritten. When you're talking about power plants, it's a little bit more of a mix. Some power plants in a vertically integrated utility, they can commit to long-term contracts. When you look at industrial and petchem, those guys typically are not signing up for long-term contracts. They expect to connect and then be able to buy their gas. But even in that case, as Rich said, that's pulling demand up on the system. And that makes the underlying system more valuable, and it drives expansions even in a more of a market pull environment. The other thing, and we've emphasized this in the past is that -- is storage. A lot of people think about and we think about transport, but we've signed up about 3 BCF in storage so far for LNG customers. We think they're going to need sign up for more. That 3 BCF came out of existing inventory. And when you think about our power plant demand and LNG demand that implies a certain amount of storage that's going to be needed in order to manage the fluctuations in that demand. So I think the market pull, part of this will again continue to enhance the value of the network.
Tom Martin: I guess the last part I think to the question you were asking is the range of the shadow backlog. And I think we talked about something in the $17.5 billion range just in the gas group alone at the analyst conference, and I think that number is still pretty good as to where we see opportunities at this point in time. And a big chunk of that is NED, which I think we're getting ever closer to moving forward on.
Shneur Gershuni: Great. And one final question, Kim, you had mentioned the reconciliation on the equity that was issued under the ATM and so forth. As well as the goal to get to about 5.6 times levered by the end of the year. Can we expect a similar pace of equity issuance throughout the year? Or does the seasonality of your earnings given the second quarter is not often as good as the first quarter, does that change the pace with which you intend to issue the equity and so forth? I was wondering if you could give us some color on how it will flow throughout the year.
Kim Dang : The seasonality does not impact when we choose to issue the equity. The price may impact when we choose to issue the equity and there may be some other things that impact that, but the seasonality is not a factor that we consider.
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Reichman at Simmons. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Mark Reichman: I just wanted to ask a little bit about the Hiland transaction now that you've been working with it for a couple of months and the Double H is into service. What are you seeing in terms of activity in the area? Your expectations for volumes? If you could talk a little bit about Double H, and I know the capacity is 84,000 barrels per day, where that's running and expectations for the rest of the year. And then also just lastly, I think the plans were to spend about $850 million on that asset portfolio. If you could just talk a little bit about your plans there and just really just an update on the deal. 
Dax Sanders: So overall, just a reminder, we closed the deal on February 13th. The integration is mostly complete and going pretty well. Certainly considering the speeds between sign and closing which was pretty tight. The overall -- based on what we've seen thus far since closing up till now and what we're seeing for the remainder of 2015, taking into account feedback from the producers and our customers. The acquisition is performing, and taking in everything into account in line with our expectations, maybe a tiny bit better. We did have some issues on Double H with the start up. We were delayed several weeks past our anticipated start up, but we believe we're mostly past those and Double H has ramped up and is running nicely. I think one thing on Double H that we mentioned during the time of the deal is that we were running an open season. At the time of the deal, we announced that we had firm contracts for 63,000 barrels a day, or right around 60,000 barrels a day. That open season produced an additional 17,000 barrels per day. So we do have contracts now for 80,000 barrels a day of the 84,000. So Double H has ramped up, and is running very nicely. But again, I think I would summarize and just say it's running consistent what our acquisition economics were, maybe even a little better.
Mark Reichman: So were the volumes -- what were the actual volumes then? Were they at the 80,000 or?
Dax Sanders: The start-up actually -- we were anticipating that the start-up was going to be right around the beginning of February, the start-up actually finished right around February 27th. Right around the end of February, after that, we started ramping up slowly. So we didn’t -- we certainly didn't ramp right up to the 80,000 barrels a day -- some economics, certainly took into account. We never assumed that we were going to get right up to the 84,000 barrels a day. But we've ramped up over time; we're still working on adding the DRA so the volumes have really been all over the place.
Mark Reichman: So what are they now? And then what would you expect them to be once you add the connection to bring the short-haul volumes the system?
Rich Kinder: We expect to have capacity to move the 84,000 barrels a day and we expect the volumes to be very close to that.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brandon Blossman, of Tudor, Pickering, Holt and Company. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Brandon Blossman : Let's see, a specific question and then maybe something broader. On NED, is there a structure or is there some regulatory work to be done as far as cost sharing between the LDCs and the merchant generators in that market? And as a follow-up to that, is that something that maybe the outcome is it possible that that is unique and could be used as a template for other markets on a go forward basis?
Tom Martin : There is a regulatory process underway in New England to really give all the power customers the platform in which they can equally share the cost of transportation capacity and I think that's what's being developed right now. It may involve utility customers potentially carrying some of this for a period of time, and then transitioning to the power customers directly. Yes, I know, I think it's probably going to manifest itself in a different form than what we've seen in other parts of the country. But in the Southeast, for example, it's probably the same concept where all the power customers are on the same playing field, and the capacity -- the cost of owning capacity is equally valued in the marketplace. And so therefore, the incentive there is to go out and contract for long-term capacity. We think something like that will ultimately be what occurs in New England.
Brandon Blossman: It's certainly interesting to watch, and there's a lot to play for there as far as generating capacity?
Tom Martin: The economics are very compelling, so I think we'll figure it out.
Brandon Blossman: Certainly, right now in spades, Secondarily, bit picture, and this is another way into the M&A question ultimately, but obviously rate count is down, the folks are getting more comfortable with at least to the thought that we're going to hit the pause button on gas liquids and oil production growth over the next call it 12 months or so, does that change in any way how you approach strategically thinking about or ranking M&A either bolt-ons or larger acquisitions over that time period? Or is this just a bump in the road and you guys are looking past that?
Rich Kinder: Well I wouldn't call it a bump in the road, but certainly we take a long-term view when we enter into discussions on any kind of acquisition. And certainly, we think, there are still opportunities out there and we're going to look at them. You've got to be opportunistic, as Dax laid out some of the criteria earlier. But we don't think this is a retardant to the potential of acquisitions. The real retarding factor to acquisitions right now is that there's just a lot of very cheap money flowing into the energy segment, particularly in the upstream area, that are backing companies that otherwise might be more in need of selling midstream assets that we would be interested in, if they didn't have some of this capital flowing into their operations.
Operator: Our next question comes from Darren Horowitz of Raymond James. Go ahead sir. Your line is open.
Darren Horowitz: Two quick questions for me; the first, Steve, back to your comments on UMTP, I'm just curious what the revised offering to accommodate like you mentioned a batch system versus just an outright y-grade system. How are you guys thinking about the variance between maybe the targeted tariffs or expected returns on batch movements relative to contract durations? I'm just trying to get a sense of -- now with the lower cost to capital, what kind of volume and margin blend do you need from a binding commitment perspective to get this into backlog? And more importantly, has anything changed? I think initial proposed scale was like 375,000 barrels a day.
Steve Kean: Yes, I think first of all, I don't think we've got a -- it all depends on how the contracts shake out. How much people are willing to pay, how much the market will bear. That, in turn, tells us how much of the volume that we need to get signed up. Look, the producers up there are struggling with this changing commodity price environment. I think the advantage of switching over to this model and what is attracting some interest is we're maybe not competing with local fractionation any longer. We have the ability to take purity products, and batch purity products through the pipeline, and that’s I think a superior offer. Just having options generally and the ability to switch around on what you're deliveries are going to be is going to be more valuable to producers than saying, hey, you've got to just put y-grade in here, and you've got to commit to downstream fracks, and then you've got to commit to something after that. So again, we think it's a more attractive offering. We're battling people stepping back a little bit with lower commodity price environment. But we're getting interest with this, and we'll keep pushing at it. We haven't looked to lower our return thresholds on this project, notwithstanding the post-consolidation world. We're going to look, as we do in all cases, to get what we think the full-market value is or fully priced value for our services. So I wouldn't say that our return criteria have changed, and again, I think what price and what volume it takes to get this project on the backlog is really still to be determined.
Darren Horowitz: Okay. And then last question for me, not to beat this thing to death. But I'm curious around NED. And you guys outlined some of this in the release, but if you look at the current discussions with the electric distribution companies, the potential for more power plants, et cetera, and others that you're in discussions with. From an aggregated capacity commitment perspective, what do need to get in addition to the 550 that you've locked down to move this officially to backlog?
Tom Martin: I don't know that I can give you specific number. All I can really say is that we're moving very close -- we're getting a lot closer. And I think we'll have a lot more clarity as we get through the end of the summer.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ted Durbin of Goldman Sachs. Go ahead sir. Your line is open.
Ted Durbin : I’m going to stick with NED and ask it in a different way here. Have you thought about splitting the project at all to where you would move forward with the supply portion ahead of doing the demand side, or does it still feel like it needs to be an integrated project?
Tom Martin : It's really not an integrated project right now. We’re looking at them both separately. And if we get adequate commitment levels on the supply product to move forward, we’ll do that. And that’s developing well as well. I think the timeline is similar. We may have more clarity on the supply project sooner than the market, but I think both are looking more clear as we [technical difficulty] summer.
Ted Durbin : And how is your capital cost breaking down between the two, is it 50-50ish, or?
Rich Kinder : It’s about two-thirds market and one-third supply.
Ted Durbin : And then if we can come back to the CO2 transportation side of things. I guess I’m wondering we took a lot of the backlog this quarter. What is it? Is it a certain oil price or a certain volume ramp up that you need in say the Permian in which these projects come back into the money? I’m just trying to the sense of where the market needs to go for you to say, these will come back into backlog in your customer’s [minds].
Steve Kean : I’ll start, and let Jesse Arenivas finish or clarify the answer. But I think this is a function of CO2 demand, which in turn is function of the use of CO2 either in grading quantities or existing floods or in new floods being added. And so what you have to ask I think is what’s economic in terms of CO2 flooding on the EOR side. And clearly, existing CO2 floods and maybe even a little incremental demand possibly in an existing flood, that’s economic. But people are going to be hesitant in the current commodity price environment to make the up-front capital commitment that would be required to add new CO2 floods. And that’s really what would drive a lot of additional demand.  We believe that the demand that we can see for the next few years at least is demand that we can serve with our existing Southwest Colorado production and Cortez pipeline, plus an expansion of really of each of those that are underway, and we think that will take care of it.  So that’s a long way of saying, I think what is required is incremental demand for CO2 probably represented by new CO2 floods. Which probably need a commodity price change to make it happen?
Jesse Arenivas : Yes, I think its right, Steve. I think you’ve covered it. You’re probably looking at -- to answer your question on would include price and new economic decisions are probably [viewed] by $80 to $85 WTI.
Ted Durbin : That’s very helpful. Thank you. And this last one, you talked about the 20% decrease on the CO2 side. Is there anything that you’re seeing outside of that on potential cost savings, whether it’s operating or capital cost savings, just even the deflationary environment we’re in?
Rich Kinder : You mean outside of the CO2 segment?
Ted Durbin : Yes
Rich Kinder : I think we’re seeing some things. But so much of our activity -- a lot of the projects are on the Houston ship channel area, the Gulf Coast where there is a tremendous demand for infrastructure all the way from LNG facilities, to petrochemical plants, to additional terminaling activities along the ship channel. And then big investments, both in our rail terminal with Imperial and this new major merchant terminal up in Edmonton, which is becoming a real hub up there, given the volatility of oil prices, et cetera. Those are two areas where the demand for the kind of services we need are still pretty high.  So I think you would not expect to see a lot of improvement there. Some other areas we are, and then particularly, as you recall, we targeted 15% savings in our CO2 segment. Jesse and his team are now on that targeting something 20% or a hair better. So we’re making real progress there, but I don’t think we’ve seen major changes outside of that upstream CO2 area.
Steve Kean : Fuel costs. Fuel costs are improved, and that’s the main thing. 
Jesse Arenivas : We may still see it, but we haven’t -- it hasn’t come through in a big way yet because there again continues to still be a fair amount of demand for the pipeline investments that we’re involved in and competing for.
Ted Durbin : Okay, great. Very helpful. Thanks. I’ll leave it at that.
Operator: And our next question comes from Carl Kirst at BMO Capital Markets. Go ahead sir. Your line is open.
Carl Kirst : If I could just go back to NED for one second just to make sure I’m understanding. Is the main process still live and is that outside of essentially the broader regulatory process that’s going on in New England?
Tom Martin : Yes, I think they’ve got a path that’s closer to closure I think than the rest of the New England regulatory process. So I think it’s likely that we’ll see a decision there late summer or maybe early fall. And I think the rest of the process will probably be more in the fall.
Carl Kirst: Because I think we had originally thought maybe that might be happening maybe at the end of last year, I think even it might be this springtime. And is that just a matter of these things just take longer because of red tape involved, or has there been an issue that has come up to be aware of?
Tom Martin: I wouldn't say it's an issue, I think it's taken longer. They're continuing to study what their need is, and the process they want to be somewhat coordinated with the rest of the states and don't want to get too far out of front. So I think that has what's led more towards a latter summer time frame for them.
Carl Kirst: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you. And the maybe, second question if I could, and, Steve you said this is on Trans Mountain. And trying to think about the First Nations for a second and I guess we're around seven to eight bands right out of the 24 core. And is it still your expectation or perhaps belief that we can get to a majority of the First Nations on-side, or is that still being viewed as almost a prereq to get NEB approval or can you get that approval, do you think if you don't get any more bands to sign on?
Steve Kean: A couple things, Carl. One is that; yeah, I think we still expect that we're going to get a majority. But just as important, the standard that we are held to, and really it's a standard that the federal officials -- the federal government is held to that we discharge for them by engaging in it, is consultation and reasonable accommodation. And we will absolutely do that, even if we can't get someone to sign an agreement saying they support the project. In other words, we will -- we've engaged everybody. Frankly, there are handful of bands, coastal bands, some of which who have refused to engage, but it's not something that we have failed to do. We've engaged with everybody, consulted with them. We will accommodate and consult; we will meet our statutory standard. What would like though is to get further than that and actually get mutual benefit agreements which require support of the project signed with a majority of the core, and we still think we'll do that. But so you have to think in terms of what is the real obligation that we have, and are we going to fulfill that, and the answer to that is yes. And then he further is how much better can we do? Can we get actually the support and agreement of the majority of the core, and that's certainly what we're aiming for. And we still think we're going to get it.
Carl Kirst: And that ball is still advancing. Okay, all right. Perfect. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Shere of Tuohy Brothers. Go ahead sir, your line is open. 
Craig Shere: Congratulations on a much simpler reporting structure now.
Rich Kinder: That's correct.
Craig Shere: So in line with thinking about apples-to-apples comparisons, the backlog inventory maybe getting a little confusing from before the MLP roll-ups as we think about including acquisition related CapEx that was significant to the economics of that. And now capitalized overhead. Can you all give a range of maybe what incremental undisclosed growth CapEx you think is needed to roughly underscore that 10% CAGR at this point through the end of the decade?
Steve Kean: I'll answer the question on the backlog first. We included -- we did a high probability share of the Hiland backlog, and included that in the project backlog because that is future capital expense that we'll be incurring to build those projects. We did it similarly when we did APT, and also when we did Copano. So that's not really a change. The overhead thing, look, apologize for the noise here and we won't do this again. But we just needed to get things on common terms. The way we describe projects, the way we make investment decisions, and the way we represent them in the backlog. And so now we're there. We'll do that that way consistently going forward. And we do expect with a combination of -- that a combination of acquisitions and additional capital beyond what's in the backlog will be required in order to meet that 10% growth. And that has been true really since we announced the role up transaction. And we still believe we're going to get it in sufficient amount to make it. What we have done with the backlog is really try to show you the stuff that we think of as high probability. We had the noise with the CO2 new source development coming out, but we try to show you the high probability. We don't show you everything that we think will ultimately get done or ultimately make high probability, but we do take that into account when we're putting our outlook together.
Rich Kinder : And as we look at that outlook, we feel very comfortable that we will have the capital expenditure opportunities necessary to drive that 10% growth. Plus, [indiscernible] the middle thing here that you just can't say too much is that notwithstanding this tremendous drop in commodity prices, the Kinder Morgan game plan is still on track. We still expect to be able to grow the dividend by 10% per year off of this $2 base, and to be able to have substantial excess coverage on top of that. And we aren't seeing anything that would degrade that outlook at this point. I think the proof of it is the numbers that Kim gave you for how much excess coverage even in these tumultuous times we expect to have. And all that's a function of the footprint the quality of the assets, and the fact that overwhelmingly we're a toll road, a fee-based business, and that gives us just a lot of heft and advantage in this kind of environment.
Craig Shere: Understood. A quick question on the UMTP moving to a batch product opportunity. If that does go off, and that would be great if you're able to finalize that, but does that reduce some of the further downstream maybe fractionation opportunities if you start moving depending on the amount of pure product?
Steve Kean: That would be right. If we're moving purity product, then it would require less fractionation capacity to be subscribed and built in Mont Belvieu or in Houston, in the greater Houston area. Again, we don't how much that mix will be. So what we're talking to market about right now, ethane is not a purity product that we would be batching. But otherwise propane, the butanes, natural gasoline, condensate and the y-grade. We are out there talking to customers about the ability to batch each of those products. And as you point out, depending on what the mix is of demand for y-grade versus the purity products will determine how much additional downstream fractionation capacity would need be to be built.
Craig Shere: And that was always intended to be kind of all in one service offering to some degree right?
Steve Kean: Well what we had -- we had an arrangement with one of the fractionation operators in the Mont Belvieu area to provide that service, and potentially participate in providing that service with them. But that was always I think looked at as an add-on if it came about. So it's separate and apart from what the UMTP conversion project itself is.
Craig Shere: Okay. So the underlying economics wasn't relying on that in any way, including the cost of the --
Rich Kinder: Absolutely not. The pipeline always stood on its own two feet, and we never -- we always considered any fractionation or other downstream opportunities as add-ons that would stand on their own two feet.
Craig Shere: Great. And last question on EOR, any update on when or what it's going to take for Katz and Goldsmith to get on their original trajectory plan? And Yates continues to decline. Any further thoughts on the NGL flood there?
Jesse Arenivas: I think first on Goldsmith and Katz, I think we understand the issues on conformance that we've got plans in place to take corrective action on those. 15 will be below plan, once you get the conformance issues resolved, it's going to take six to eight months to do that, the production come forward. So I think we've got it identified and have a plan in place for those. On the hydrocarbon admissible, it's still very early. We're evaluating the preliminary results and looking at the broader group, so not firm update there but it’s still in its early phases.
Rich Kinder: I think the important thing here is that we -- our people believe that the oil is still there. The oil in place is still there, it's just a question of getting it out. And if you recall, on Katz specifically, back when we started we said we would eventually peak at around 6,000 to 7,000 barrels a day. And notwithstanding we're under plan right now, we're well above last year and we're up to about 4,000 barrels a day now. And believe that will ramp up considerably between now and the end of the year. But we do not believe it will hit the plan. Now the other side of the coin is that SACROC is having enormous success, up 13% year-over-year, and that's allowing us to be very comfortable with our overall volume picture. Even versus plan. But we are working on Katz and Goldsmith to improve the production there.
Craig Shere: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from John Edwards of Credit Suisse. Go ahead sir. Your line is open.
John Edwards: Nice numbers here again. If you could update us on the CapEx spend for the first quarter relative to -- what it is, I just couldn't find in the release. And then what is relative to budget. And then just the second question is, are you guys still affirming the 10% dividend growth through the end of the decade?
Rich Kinder : Well I'll answer the last question, and then I'll have Kim answer the tougher question to reconcile the CapEx for you. But the answer is emphatically yes. We are still affirming our target of $2 this year, 10% growth compound out through 2020 and in case any of you don't have your HP12 in front of you, that's $3.22 in 2020 just at that level. Obviously, we would hope as some of these capital projects and acquisitions come to fruition that we could do better than that, but certainly that's our target and believe that that is certainly attainable. We haven't seen anything that would change our mind on that. And that's with substantial excess coverage on top of that. Now, Kim, on CapEx for the first quarter, I think you said that. Didn't you?
Kim Dang: Yes. So from a cash perspective, we spent about $800 million. Now if you look at the accrual, so it's slightly different. That's going to be closer to $700 million. But more importantly, I think is the numbers for the full year, and so if you remember correctly, our budget was $4.4 billion for the year, and that did not include the Hiland acquisition. So if you included the Hiland acquisition on top of that, we would've been at 7.3 and that's about where we are right now at 7.3. And essentially, what's happened is that we took some projects out in the CO2 segment and then we've had some spending moves a little bit in products. And then we've added to the CapEx as result of Hiland and so we're down about $100 million or so, but it's very close to budget.
John Edwards: Okay, great. That's helpful. That's all I had. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christine Cho of Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Christine Cho: Just a broader question on M&A, the conversations that you've had with potential sellers in the last couple of months, how important is it to them to receive cash versus the stock of any potential buyer?
Rich Kinder: I don't think we've seen any preference one way or another. You would think that under certain circumstances some of the potential acquirees would want cash to strengthen their balance sheet for other opportunities. But I don't think we've seen a drastic preference one way or another. Dax?
Dax Sanders: No, I think every situation is different. I wouldn't call a dependency on way or the other. Every situation is different depending upon, as Rich said, liquidity needs also, tax comes into play sometimes on whether somebody wants carryover basis or how adamant they are about that, what their tax basis is. But there's not any -- I wouldn't say that there's any sort of trend one way or the other.
Christine Cho: Okay. And then when I think about with your credit metrics, it would be I would think a little difficult to raise cash through debt for you guys. So how do you think about funding any transaction if the buyer wants cash? With something like Hiland, it was obviously easy enough to do that through your ATM program. But would you be more inclined to do those sized sorts of deals or where you can lean on your ATM program with no problems? Or are bigger size deals on the table even though it might require a sizable overnight offering?
Kim Dang: I don't think that -- if we have an acquisition that we think is accretive and as a good strategic transaction, I don't think that funding that transaction is going to be an impediment to getting it done.
Christine Cho: Okay and then your comments about batching the UMTP line. Is the increased interest in batching because the producers are already committed to fractionation up there, and so they don't want to commit to fractionation in the Gulf Coast? Or is it because producers have already committed their ethane and maybe some of their propane to other projects?
Steve Kean: I think it's more -- my sense of it is that it's more that they just like the idea of having the flexibility. Because they don't know precisely what the future holds for them.
Rich Kinder: I think that's right, Steve. And then the optionality gives them a chance to extract more value out of their projects, it makes them more interested shippers. So I think it's a great option for the producers and shippers to get the most out of their product.
Christine Cho: Okay. And then last question, if you keep TGP in gas service, how much capacity would you be able to offer from north to south service? And I would think that producers would be very interested in that capacity, so are they pushing you for a timeline?
Steve Kean: I'll start and Tom can finish. It's not as big as our back haul projects have been to date. So it's maybe a couple hundred million a day. And it would take CapEx to get that all the way south. And so this is not like, hey, we can just hold an open season tomorrow and for $0.50 or something we can move it south. It would really take some CapEx, and it would take a relatively significant [indiscernible] to justify it. But the production up there is still growing, and if -- we would prefer to do UMTP because it could allow us to deploy more capital at a very attractive return. This is really just an option that we continue to have if customers are not ready for UMTP. But you can't think of it as just it's an easy back haul, it would require some CapEx and some customer sign-up to justify it.
Christine Cho: When do you guys expect to make a decision on UMTP?
Steve Kean: It's been a rolling three months, but we have structured our development activity in such a way that our spend there is manageable. And so we don’t have a specific time frame that I would give you right now.
Christine Cho : Well, I guess to get it into service by ‘18, when would you have to make a decision?
Steve Kean : Oh, I see.
Jesse Arenivas : We would like to have an open season mid-year this year. Now the complication there is we have to have agreements with what you’re shippers want, what’s the source, what products, how would they batch, and so those discussions are going on now. And depending on how they go, we’ll schedule an open season as quickly.
Tom Martin : And you remember, of course, the conversion process we filed and it takes about a year, so we would expect the first quarter of next year before we have the FERC approval. But in the meantime, we’d like to do the open season, which we’ll probably launch in the second quarter and actually pin down the shipper interest which has been considerable. But again, we are a very conservative company, and until we have signatures on the dotted line we’re not going to commit to build a project or put it in our backlog.
Christine Cho : Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: I’m showing no further questions at this time
Rich Kinder: Okay. Well, thank you very much. Again, we think we had a strong first quarter. We look forward to a good year, and we appreciate your attention today. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-22 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Rich Kinder - Chairman & CEO Steve Kean - President & COO Kim Dang - CFO, VP of Kinder Morgan G.P., Inc. Dax Sanders - VP, Corporate Development Jesse Arenivas - President, CO2 John Schlosser - President, Terminals
Analysts: Shneur Gershuni - UBS Darren Horowitz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Brad Olsen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers John Edwards - Credit Suisse Chris Sighinolfi - Jefferies & Company Adam Steinberg - Waveny Capital Management
Operator: Welcome to the quarterly earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today’s conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I’d now like to turn the meeting over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Chairman and CEO of Kinder Morgan. You may begin.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Sharon, and welcome to the investor call. As usual, we’ll be making statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. I’ll make some introductory remarks, Steve Kean, our Chief Operating Officer will talk more about operations and our backlog; Kim Dang, our CFO, will review the numbers for the fourth quarter and full-year ’14; and Dax Sanders, our Vice President, Corporate Development will talk about an acquisition that we just announced this afternoon. Let me just start by summarizing very briefly that acquisition. We think it’s a very exciting and strategic acquisition that we announced by separate release this afternoon. We are acquiring Hiland Partners, which is a large privately owned midstream company with crude transportation and gathering assets and gas gathering and processing assets, primarily in the Tier 1 sweet spot acreage of the Bakken formation. It’s overwhelmingly fee-based and it gives us the platform for further growth in the Bakken where we currently have no asset. We think we can do in the Bakken the kind of expansion that we did on our Kinder Morgan Crude and Condensate system down here in the Eagle Ford, which has grown from less than 50,000 barrels a day throughput to having virtually all of its 300,000 barrel per day capacity contracted for in future deliveries. So think of what we’re doing as building a spider web that we intend to expand over the coming months and years. The consideration for the purchase is $3 billion, including approximately $1 billion of assumed debt. We have a bridge loan commitment to finance the remainder. And longer term we will finance that remainder with equity and debt to maintain our appropriate level of debt to EBITDA ratio previously communicated to both the rating agencies and to our equity investors. The transaction will be modestly accretive to DCF per share in ’15 and ’16, with the accretion ramping up thereafter and is supported by long-term contracts with the systems largest shipper. That’s an overview and Dax will give you more details in just a few minutes. Now let me get back to ’14 and the outlook for ’15. As you know, we closed the merger of all the Kinder Morgan entities into KMI during the fourth quarter. And so that made for somewhat of a noisy quarter post closing, but bottom line our DCF per share for the quarter was $0.60 and we’ve declared a dividend of $0.45. That leaves excess coverage for the quarter of $320 million. Looking at the $0.45 dividend, that’s a 10% increase to the fourth quarter of ’13. It means that we will have distributed dividends for the full-year ’14 of $1.74 per share versus $1.60 in ’13 and $1.72 in our plan. Now we were negatively impacted to a certain extend in the quarter by lower commodity prices primarily in our CO2 segment, but we were still able to produce strong results and in my judgment that shows that our toll road like assets perform well, even when prices for underlying commodities are extremely volatile. Now looking to the future, we said when we announced the merger of all the Kinder Morgan entities back in August of ’14 that we expected to be able to declare a dividend of $2 for our calendar year ’15. To grow that dividend at a compound annual rate of 10% out through 2020, and have more than $2 billion of excess coverage over that period from ’15 through ’20. We are still comfortable with the first two projections and we are still comfortable that we will have substantial excess coverage. But I have to admit it's hard to ascertain exactly what that will be, that amount will be, given the recent volatility in commodity prices. But as an example in an effort to be as transparent as possible, let's just take a look at 2015. When we released the outlook in December ’14 for the year 2015, we based it on $70 oil and $3.80 gas. That’s what we assume and we did our budget back in the fall of ’14, and it represented the forward curves at that time. We projected $2, declared dividend for ’15 and that’s up 15% from $1.74 in ’14 and we said we’d have “over $500 million” of coverage. As we refined our budget, the actual coverage number in our budgets is much greater. It's $654 million to be precise at those prices that I just mentioned. Now in this world of lower commodity prices, we look closely at the impact on our excess cash and found it to be about $10 million per $1 change in crude price. And that’s about $7 million in our CO2 segment that you heard us mention time and time again pretty consistent from year-to-year and about $3 million throughout all of our other business segments in the Company. In addition, we think we have sensitivity of about $3 million for each $0.10 change in natural gas prices. Like everyone, we are unable to predict exactly where the prices will be for ’15, but you can make your own estimate and see that almost under any circumstances we have substantial excess coverage and I think relatively little sensitivity compared to a company that will produce about $8 billion in earnings before DD&A. Now in an effort to be even more transparent, and without predicting prices at all, let me just take you through an example. Let's say you want to take our outlook and say I believe we are going to have an average of $50 WTI crude price this year at an average of $3.20 on Henry Hub natural gas price. What would that do to this $654 -- $654 million of excess coverage on top of the $2 dividend? You would start with the crude and you’d say crude is going down by $20 a barrel, our sensitivity is $10 million per dollar therefore that’s a $200 million degradation. On the natural gas side, if we went from 3.80 to 3.20, that's a $0.60 degradation, which would be six times $3 million or $18 million. That gets you to a total of $218 million. You take that off the 654, and you got $436 million of excess coverage still there over and above paying a $2 dividend. Now let me be real clear. There is obviously a myriad of factors beyond price that influence the accomplishment of any annual plan. But I’d emphasize that the commodity sensitivities that I have just outlined do not, do not include the positive impact of cost reductions in our CO2, EOR operations, which we’re working on and believe will happen and which certainly happened back in 2008 and 2009, the last time we had a dramatic change in crude oil prices to the negative. So hopefully that gives you some guidance and rather than us trying to redo numbers, you can do your own figuring of the outlook we gave you back in December, but the bottom line message from me would be that we still have lots of excess coverage, and you can roll that forward to other years and talk about exactly where the excess coverage is and it gets even more difficult obviously the further out you go, because who knows where the prices will be there -- will be then. But I think the main thing is, this kind of toll road structure that we have allows us to survive and prosper very nicely even in a low commodity price environment. Now when I'm finished, Steve is going to detail our current backlog of projects which remain very strong and this backlog is to me a clear indicator of future growth and cash flow at KMI. Now let me close by -- my part of the presentation by addressing succession planning at Kinder Morgan. I have said publicly for some time that our Kinder Morgan succession plan called for Steve Kean, to succeed me as CEO with me continuing as Executive Chairman. We now expect that change will take effect on June 1, 2015. Let me make a few points for you. First of all, I can assure you this is not going to change in any way the Company -- the way the Company is being run. Secondly, my name is on the door and I don't plan to go anywhere. The Office of the Chair will still consist of Steve, Kim and myself and post June 1st, I’ll still be involved in all major decisions including acquisitions and expansion projects. I want to also assure you, I’ve never sold a share of my KMI stock and I don’t intend to do so in the future. So to kind of sum that area up as we say in Texas, I plan to die with my boots on. But more importantly, Steve, Kim and the rest of the management team are doing a really outstanding job now and I can assure you they will continue to do so in the future and that this Company will continue to grow and meet its commitments to its shareholders, its customers, and its employees. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Steve.
Steve Kean: All right. Thanks, Rich. And briefly I want to say I’m honored to have the opportunity, particularly coming from Rich, who is one of the best and most accomplished CEOs in America, who by the way, still has his boot on. I'm also ready and committed and determined to do my part here. So I'm excited by the opportunity, but there is no reason for any of you to be -- as Rich said, you can count on his active involvement and you can count on Kim and me, the leadership team here and our 11,000 co-workers to run this great network of assets safely, profitably and reliably everyday and continue to grow the Company. So this will be the most seamless transition in the history of corporate America. So now let’s do the quarter. Backlog first and then our segment update. On the backlog since our investor conference in January of 2014, we have grown our backlog by nearly $2.8 billion. Our current backlog stands at 17.6, which is down slightly from the last quarter. Over the quarter, we added 1.24 billion of projects, while we put into service $730 million worth of projects for a net addition of about $500 million. But the impact of lower commodity prices let us to reexamine our CO2 investments and we were moved from the backlog a little under $800 million for the quarter and the majority of that came out of the backlog for the CO2 segment. The additions to the backlog, were in our pipelines and terminals businesses. The largest being the addition of Palmetto refined products pipeline serving the Southeast U.S. That project includes the pipeline. It also includes an upstream expansion of the plantation pipeline system and associated terminal investments and the total to our share assuming others opt in for their shares would be about $800 million. Now the additions to the terminals and pipelines backlog underscore the continued strong demand for our midstream energy infrastructure. Now brief Segment review and I'm going to focus on the performance on a full-year basis compared to 2013. In gas, earnings before DD&A were up $352 million or 9% year-over-year to $4.069 billion. The gas segment benefited from a full-year of the assets that we acquired from Copano, including some growth in those assets as well as strong performance from our Tennessee and El Paso system. We continue to see strong demand for long-term firm natural gas transportation capacity. So, even in this fourth quarter that we just went through, we added another 242 million cubic feet a day of long-term transportation commitments with an average term of 12.8 years. So if you look at the total going back to December of 2013, since that time over that 13 months we’ve added 6.7 Bcf of new and pending commitments with an average term length of 17 years. That's about 18% of the capacity of the underlying pipeline systems those commitments are associated with. We expect the demand to continue as I think we’re still at the beginning of what ultimately be needed both for power generation and industrial and PetChem load. We are also seeing improvements in storage opportunities. I think, first in the current market, but also in terms of the long-term commitments. We got a firm long-term commitment of 3 Bcf of storage on our Texas Intrastate system by an LNG customer during the quarter. And I think all of this on the transport and storage side points to continued optimism about the overall value of our gas network. CO2 segment earnings before DD&A were up $26 million or 2%. But looking at the fourth quarter on a year-over-year basis, the segment was down 6%. So clearly we faced deteriorating commodity prices in the fourth quarter, but operationally we saw record years at SACROC, which was up 8% year-over-year and was averaging 35,500 barrels a day in the fourth quarter and a record CO2 volumes and NGL production.
.: Turning to products, segment earnings before DD&A on a full-year basis were up $76 million or 10% with strong year-over-year growth on KMCC and SFPP more than offsetting a decline in our transmix business. The key operational developments in this segment are improved refined products volumes and a ramp up in crude and condensate volume on KMCC. All refined product lines gasoline, diesel inject were up in 2014 versus 2013, including plantation gasoline volumes were up 4.4% for the full-year versus 1.5% without plantation and 1.1% for the EIA. Much of the full-year difference is due to plantation therefore, but in the fourth quarter, we saw gasoline volumes on SFPP, our West Coast system up 4.4% year-over-year and what we believe is a sign of economic improvement in the markets we serve and also in part perhaps the beginning of a demand response to lower prices. From a project standpoint and product, we’re experiencing a further delay in our Houston Ship Channel splitter project on the KMCC system. We now expect March 2015 in service. On the other hand, our various build outs of the KMCC system are going very well with several of them coming in ahead of schedule and/or under budget. And I already mentioned Palmetto, which had a successful open season in the fourth quarter and was added to the backlog. In Terminals, segment earnings before DD&A for the year were up $181 million or 23%. The growth was split roughly two thirds, one third in favor of organic growth versus growth from acquisition. We continue to see strong performance in our Gulf coast liquids business and benefited from the expansions coming online in Edmonton and the Houston Ship Channel primarily. During the quarter, we brought online Phase 2 of Edmonton, two crude by rail facilities and our liquids terminal expansion for Methanex at Geismar, Louisiana. In this segment we continue to see strong demand for liquid storage and handling, again particularly in Edmonton and Houston. And nearly all of our $2.1 billion backlog in this segment consists of expansions of our liquids facilities and again on the Gulf Coast and in Alberta. On Canada, our segment earnings here were down $17 million year-over-year. That was really a result of FX; otherwise the segment had a good year. But the main story continues to be our progress on the $5.4 billion expansion of Trans Mountain. That expansion is under long-term contracts as you remember, they’ve been improved by the NAV. We filed our facilities application in December ’13 and we’re working through that process under schedule that calls for a decision in January 2016 and we expect in service date late in the third quarter of 2018. We continue to make good progress in our consultation processes. We also recently completed some important though controversial testing at one of the mountain in Greater Vancouver. And that will enable us to minimize impacts on local residence for the last few kilometers of our build. So that’s it for the segment update and the projects. And with that, turn it over to Kim.
Kim Dang: Okay. So turning to the attached page numbers to the press release. The first page is our GAAP income statement. As Rich said, it was a -- it’s a bit of a noisy quarter given the closing of the transaction about two thirds of the way through the quarter and we’ve got a number of certain items that are littered through the GAAP income statement. So I’m going to turn to the second page, which is where we have these items delineated, so that you can see them individually, and also is our calculation of distributable cash flow for KMI. Now this is a new format for KMI. Previously KMI, we use the financial metric cash available for dividends. We’ve now converted KMI for the DCF formula, we previously used for KMP and EPB, which is net income plus DD&A, including our share of joint venture DD&A plus book taxes minus cash taxes minus sustaining CapEx including our share of JV sustaining CapEx and plus or minus some other small adjustment. This formula will work for all the periods presented, even though its prior to the consolidation transaction, because KMI consolidates KMP and EPB, so net income at KMI includes a 100% of the earnings for all three companies. For periods prior to the fourth quarter of 2014, we subtract from our DCF formula the declared distributions we made to KMP and EPB public unitholders resulting in a number per DCF that it is equal to what we previously reported as KMI’s cash available to pay dividends. For the fourth quarter, there will not be distributions made to KMP and EPB unitholders, because the transaction close before the fourth quarter record date. So there will be no MLP distributions to subtract. However, the KMI shares that we issued in November will receive the full KMI fourth quarter dividend. So when our average shares outstanding for the fourth quarter we show the newly issued shares as outstanding for the entire fourth quarter. So with that explanation of the overall format and the new format let me take you through a couple of numbers. This is the format that we’d -- we expect to continue to use going forward. The DCF for certain items in the fourth quarter was $1.278 billion, that’s up $796 million. You can see that the 2.133 billion shares outstanding again include the newly issued shares for the entire fourth quarter to get us to $0.60 DCF per share available versus the $0.45 dividend. For the full-year, we’re at $2.618 billion of DCF, up $905 million. Again, the weighted average shares here 1.3 billion shares include a full fourth quarter of the newly issued shares to get us to $2 in distributable cash flow before certain items versus the $1.74. The segments let me go through a couple of numbers. Steve has taken you through a lot of the detail. The segments produced our earnings before DD&A of $1.972 billion in the quarter. That’s up $98 million or 5% with the big contributors that -- to that being Gas up $51 million or 5% and Terminals up $56 million or 25%. For the full-year, segment earnings before DD&A up $630 million or 9% with the biggest contributors being Natural Gas pipelines up $352 million or 9%. Terminals up $181 million or 23% and Products pipeline up $76 million. Now versus our budget for the full-year, natural gas pipelines came in above their budget. They’re about 2% above their budget, primarily because of incremental transport revenues on TGP and EPNG. CO2 came in about 6% or $90 million below its budget primarily due to lower oil prices and a higher mid-cush spread and also some higher expenses at our Goldsmith field. Our products came in about $68 million below its budget primarily because of volume -- lower volumes by KMCC, a lot of which we will receive revenue in later years, make up revenue and the delay in the splitter. And then Terminals came in about $10 million above its budget as a result of the APT acquisition. Without the APT acquisition, Terminals would have been below its budget because of some lower coal volumes, expansion delays and negative impact of FX. The certain items in the quarter that were totaled $98 million loss. The more significant ones were the $235 million impairment on our Katz field, primarily -- all due to the lower price curves that we’ve to use in that task. And then we also had a benefit that offset that, a non-recurring tax benefit of about a little over $100 million. So that is for the DCF page, for KMI for the quarter. Looking at KMI’s balance sheet and comparing that to December ’14 balance sheet to the December ’13 balance sheet, you can see the impact of the transaction primarily in four or five different lines. In deferred charges and deferred income tax, what’s happening there is KMI was previously in a deferred tax liability position, because of the step up on the transaction and the [indiscernible] tax basis that we’re getting in the assets, we actually now have a deferred tax asset and so you see a big swing between deferred income taxes and the assets deferred charges. You also see a big increase in other shareholders equity and a reduction in non-controlling interest as the public unitholders of EPB and KMP went away and we issued new KMI shares. The other large change is that which I’m going to reconcile for you in just a minute. We ended the quarter with $40.6 billion of debt, which is about 5.5 times debt to EBITDA relatively consistent with where we expect it to end. Our debt is up $5.1 billion for the quarter and so let me take you through those the larger changes contributing to that. The consolidation transaction was a cash outflow of about $4.06 billion that was 3.9 for the cash portion of the deal plus associated fees. Expansion CapEx, acquisitions and contributions to equity investments were about $1.1 billion in the quarter and then we made a CPC settlement payment of about $319 million for a cash outflow of $5.5 billion. We raised equity prior to the close of the transaction at EPB, there was ATM of $126 million and then we have about $250 million cash inflow from other items or working capital source, which is primarily the coverage that we generated in the quarter and that gets you to the $5.1 billion. So with that, I’ll turn it to Dax.
Dax Sanders: Thanks, Kim. Just to reiterate what Rich says, this is an acquisition that we’re very excited about is it will give us a premier asset in a premier basin. At this point, we have a significant presence in every major producing region in North America, except the Bakken. With this acquisition, we will now have a major position in the Bakken and a long-term partnership with some of the most prolific producers in the Bakken, including Continental Resources. To give you a bit of detail on the transaction, it is again approximately $3 billion in total enterprise value, very slightly accretive out of the gate, but based on our assumptions , it should be $0.06 to $0.07 accretive a couple of years out. Looking through the lens of 2015 expected EBITDA; approximately 86% of the margin is fee-based with the remaining 14% subject to commodity exposure, primarily through POP processing arrangements in the gas processing and gathering segment. There are essentially three main businesses to Hiland. The first is oil gathering, which consists of four facilities represents approximately 59% of the EBITDA and it’s almost exclusively fee-based with really no direct commodity exposure. Hiland serves most of the major producers in the Bakken and has over 1.8 million acres dedicated with a large piece of that centered at what many considered to be the Tier 1 portion of the Bakken as Rich mentioned. The second is oil transportation, which is essentially the Double H pipeline. Double H represents approximately 27% of 2015 EBITDA and it’s a 100% fee-based. Double H is a 485 mile pipe extending from the Dore Terminal in McKenzie County, North Dakota along the North Dakota/Montana border down to Guernsey, Wyoming where it ties into Pony Express. It includes 500,000 barrels of storage in two trunk stations. It’s in the process of being commissioned right now with the initial capacity of being approximately 84,000 barrels a day, but increasing to approximately 108,000 barrels a day at the beginning of next year. Just to understand by firm commitments for approximately 60,000 barrels a day with an open-season in process right now for an addition -- for additional barrels, again, currently in process. As of Monday, Double H had nominations for approximately 80,000 barrels for February, which is its first full month in operation. The third business is gas gathering and process, and which consists of five different facilities, and represents approximately 14% of the EBITDA. It’s almost exclusively non-fee-based or commodity exposed through the POPs that I mentioned earlier. Again, the largely fee-based nature of these assets limits our direct commodity exposure -- exposure to commodity prices. However, it’s certainly not lost on us that there is indirect commodity exposure in that the economics of these assets are in part dependent upon whether the oil behind them continues to be produced. We believe that the risk of the oil being produced is largely mitigated by the quality of the acreage that is dedicated to Hiland and will be driving the economics of the oil gathering. As we mentioned in the release, the acreage driving our economics is largely located in McKenzie, Mountrail and Williams counties and represents some of the best drilling economics in the Bakken and in North America. Consequently, we believe this acreage is economic to producers even in the current commodity environment. Some Bakken producers, including some of our customers have publicly revised our guidance for drilling in CapEx in recent weeks to account for the current commodity environment and we have taken that into account in our analysis. Further, while nobody can really contemplate what will result from a substantial decline in commodity prices from here, the relative attractiveness of the acreage should position us well versus other acreage competing for a finite number of rigs in such an environment. Again, to summarize, we believe this is a highly strategic acquisition with some premier assets that largely fit our toll road concept and are located in an area where we’ve had no presence. We will be inheriting a very talented group of employees, that have built a great company and we look forward to doing great things with this franchise.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Dax. And Sharon, if you will come back on, now we will take any questions that our listeners may have.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Shneur Gershuni of UBS. Go ahead sir. Your line is open.
Shneur Gershuni: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. Rich, first wanted to offer congratulations on your accomplishments and Steve also wanted to congratulate you on your upcoming expanded responsibilities.
Rich Kinder: Well, thank you. You’re kind.
Shneur Gershuni: Thank you. Just a couple of quick questions here. I was wondering if we can talk a little bit more about today’s acquisition. You’ve had a lot of pundits out there talking about the Bakken, with production being flat at best possibly declines and so forth. I was wondering if kind of the opportunity over the next couple of years as you see accretion pick up, is that a function of moving some of the trucking volumes onto the pipeline system? Is that kind of how we expect to see the opportunity on a go-forward basis kind of given the bleak environment that we’ve out there for the Bakken?
Rich Kinder: Again, let me start with this, and I'm not sure if we posted this on the Web site, but if not, we should have. If you look at acreage around the country and what are the breakeven price is based on WTI prices, this area of the Bakken is right at the top of the list. It's one of the two top producing basins in terms of breakeven prices. So we don’t think that it is nearly as bleak as other parts of production are if you want to use that word. Secondly, obviously a big part of the upside is a ramp up in this Double H pipeline. We are starting out in the 80,000 barrel per day range ramping up to about beginning of next year 108,000. And again, we believe that the combination and as you may know, there is a joint tariff arrangement between Double H pipeline and the Pony Express line that gets you all the way to Cushing and then of course there is several avenues now to get from Cushing on down to the Gulf Coast. And we believe by putting all that together, we provide by far the most economic way of getting barrels out of this very sweet spot in the Bakken. So we think HH is a real winner, both near-term and long-term. So that’s part of it. The other thing is that we have looked at the EURs on these wells, we have looked very carefully at the drilling plan of our largest customer, and we have adjusted for exactly what they plan to do, what we believe they plan to do with the rig counts that have already been announced. So we think we’ve been pretty conservative in the way we have assessed this and believe that it’s an incredible asset for us. Now let me say that beyond that I think we have the opportunities I said in my opening remarks to do here kind of what we did in the Eagle Ford on KMCC and that is to build out this system to make it bigger to do some acquisitions to do some extensions and the fact that we have about 1.8 million acres dedicated to this. I think it shows -- will show very well in the long-term. And look -- we had to look at this in the long-term, not in the flavor of exactly what’s happening today. So we think long winded way of saying, we think we’ve been very conservative in looking at the front end of this transaction and still think it has enormous long-term growth potential.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay. And just a follow-up on that. In terms of permanent financing plans, any sense on an equity to debt ratio that you’re thinking about?
Rich Kinder: Yes, we’ve been very clear since the time we announced the merger last August, after meeting with the rating agencies that we’d stay in that band of 5.5 to 5.0 debt to EBITDA and certainly driving that down towards the lower end of the range as we move on out toward 2020. We’ve been very consistent on that. We’ve said that the Holy Grail for us is maintaining our investment grade rating.
Shneur Gershuni: Great. And one final question. You had mentioned in the prepared remarks that you had taken out a little under $800 million from your backlog out of the CO2 business due to lower commodity prices. I was wondering if you can sort of share the commodity price that you’d assume to take that out was that -- was it $70, was it $50, just trying to understand the sensitivity to see if that’s possibly going to change on a go-forward basis given where crude prices are today?
Steve Kean: Yes, I don’t have a specific price for you, but what we did and in a lot of cases what we're doing is delaying our expectation of making these investments and in some cases that was delaying it outside of the five-year window that we typically used for defining the backlog. We are going to give you at conference next week some more specific return numbers to go with various development activities that we have going on. But I think the way to kind of slice it is, it is very economic for us to do CO2 development and pipeline work where we’re expanding kind of off of our existing footprint. So like Southwest Colorado with Cow Canyon and the Cortez pipeline, particularly the North part of that expanding that to make that available and it’s certainly very economic for us to be doing infill drilling in SACROC and additional HDHs at Yates. And so the kinds of things that are building off of and utilizing our existing infrastructure are very economic. And if you have a price recovery that's back in the $70, $75 range I think you'd see some of those projects that we pushed out or pushed off coming back on.
Shneur Gershuni: Great. Thank you very much, guys.
Steve Kean: One other clarification that $800 million, that was predominantly CO2, but there were few other cats and dogs in there as well, but it was predominantly CO2.
Shneur Gershuni: Great. Thank you
Operator: Our next question comes from Darren Horowitz of Raymond James. Go ahead your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Hey, Darren, good afternoon.
Darren Horowitz: Hey, Rich. Good afternoon and Rich and Steve congratulations to both of you on your respective announcements. Rich, just a quick question and I realize you are going to get into a lot more detail on this next week, but I’m just curious with the current forward commodity curve, have you seen a big shift away from more producer push to more demand pull or consumer pull type projects and specifically with regard to export opportunities around Galena Park, the Ship Channel. I know we’ve talked about ultra low sulfur diesel exports and obviously that big tank expansion that you’ve discussed that was underwritten by a new shipper, but I’m also thinking about more of an emphasis on Pasadena in addition to Galena Park, further Bosco build out, more ability to get more product on the water quicker.
Rich Kinder: I will turn that over to John Schlosser, who runs our Terminals Group.
John Schlosser: Yes. We're looking at 35 million barrels right now. We have six different projects we're working on that will bring it up to 41 million barrels. We are going from 8 docks to 11 docks. So we feel we have the premier footprints in North America for clean products and we see more projects and more growth opportunities in that area as we go forward here.
Darren Horowitz: In terms of aggregate CapEx and maybe it’s too early to do this, but can you put a rough cost number on that and is it fair to assume unlevered cash on cash returns may be in the low to mid-teen range?
John Schlosser: Yes, we’re managing actively right now a little under $2 billion worth of projects on the Houston Ship Channel between Bosco, Pasadena and Galena Park and some of our other expansions.
Darren Horowitz: Okay.
John Schlosser: And the returns are all in the low to mid teens.
Darren Horowitz: Okay. And then, last question for me maybe …
Rich Kinder: We subscribe over term contracts from our customers. So it’s not like building tankage on spec here.
Darren Horowitz: Sure, sure. And then, Rich last question for me maybe, as you are looking at the existing opportunities that obviously with the challenges across natural gas, natural gas liquids and crude oil prices. In terms of cash on cash returns are the best bang for your buck with regard to allocating capital, is this the biggest area of opportunity for you?
Rich Kinder: Well, I think we have got opportunities across the board. I think - I said last August when we announced this that what we’d have is a much lower cost of capital under the new arrangement or a lower hurdle rate, if you will, which again on after-tax basis is about 3.5%. And not that we are going to do 4% projects, but it gives us a lot more leeway to make accretive acquisitions and we’re certainly going to use that currency to make good acquisitions. And I think that if there is a silver lining in these clouds of low commodity prices, it’s going to be the ability to make some extremely good acquisitions over the next 6 to 12 months. Now we’re not the only player here that’s going to be looking at the same thing, there are other well capitalized midstream companies, but I think you’re going to see consolidation opportunities and everything I said last August I think is even more true today than it was then, given the decline in prices.
Darren Horowitz: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brad Olsen of TPH. Go ahead your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Hi, Brad. How are you this afternoon?
Brad Olsen: Hey, good afternoon Rich. How are you?
Rich Kinder: Good.
Brad Olsen: My first question is really just a follow-up on some of these others -- on the Hiland acquisition. You guys mentioned that there would be some incremental CapEx and I’m kind of -- I'm just trying to understand where that CapEx is going to go? Is there additional construction left on the double H pipeline or is that further building out the crude gathering or the GMP asset footprint?
Rich Kinder: I’ll ask Dax to answer that question.
Dax Sanders: Yes, Brad. We think that we will be able to invest roughly $850 million from call it 2015 through 2018. There is kind of an aggregate oil well connects, some gas well connects remaining CapEx on the Double H. The Double H has roughly $30 million left spent to spend and a little bit more than that to spend to get it up to roughly 108,000 barrels. Now what that doesn’t contemplated all is substantial expansion of the Double H, Rich is something that we will certainly be put in time and got an opportunity into. But that gets us up to in the 108,000 barrels a day.
Brad Olsen: Got it. And so, safe to say that the vast majority of the remaining $800 million is gathering and processing and crude gathering?
Dax Sanders: I think that’s right.
Brad Olsen: Okay, got it. And when you think about kind of the competitive environment in the Bakken, some other midstream operators have made asset acquisitions up there over the last few years, and when you think about kind of what percentage of the market is spoken for under long-term midstream agreements and what might still be up for grabs? Do you see an opportunity to attract incremental customers?
Dax Sanders: Yes. I guess, what I would say is that as we mentioned in the release we’ve got good long existing relationships with a lot of different customers, including some very prolific producers out there, but we don’t have them all. We haven’t necessarily -- we have really good acreage dedications with the ones we do have which make us feel really good about this business, but there are some that have and doesn’t have the historical relationship with that we do have a relationship with and we will absolutely be spending a lot of time to try to -- to try solidify this relationships with the Hiland assets.
Brad Olsen: Got it. I guess, shifting gears a bit to the natural gas pipeline side of things, it looks like you guys are still pushing forward on the Northeast direct project and I was -- there have been some press releases out about some of the work you’re doing around multiple different rights of way, how is that process going? I guess, from a kind of simplistic view which is really the only view that I do -- the simplistic view is going to New York State, moving along a right of way that’s similar to constitution which has become kind of regulatory quagmire. What seems to be a really encouraging project with a lot of customers who seem excited about it that right of way issue kind of sticks out as something that could delay timing or cause problems. There are -- is that point of view accurate or fair?
Rich Kinder: I don’t really think it is. And let me tell you why we have adjusted this write away so that today the huge percentage of the write away is along utility easements. Now there’s certainly people who are going to say not in my backyard, but that’s why we have Berk as enabling agency and we will have in fact, we are going to have forgotten how many open houses here in the next few weeks actually this is a winner in all these communities talking about it. But in the end we will have a route, and we would expect the Berk to approve that route because it is reasonable and look, you have to look at the underlying economic need here. If there is one area of the United States that needs additional natural gas it is New England. And the area of New England with this ending at Dracut is exactly the location where you need to be in order to serve that market which initially will be LDCs, and you can see how we’ve announced the LDCs in the pass who have signed up. We now have reduced almost all those to PAs and longer term of course beyond the LDCs in the end the power generation market in New England has to have more capacity on pipelines. It just can't work any other way and we plan to be there to catch that ball when it comes off the backboard. So, I think we can do this. We’re proceeding very in close consultation with everybody up there including our customers and including government officials. And I’m astounded sometimes, frankly and this goes beyond this project. I’m astounded that even as recently as a couple of years ago, people I believe -- the general public rightfully believe that natural gas is the savior. It emits half as much emissions as other power generation alternatives for example, and it’s the lowest emitting fossil fuel, this is the bridge fuel for the future even if we -- you believe will eventually move more to renewables. And now we’ve got a cautery of people around the country assumed to be attacking every expansion of every pipeline, and I just -- I still believe in the common sense of the American people and the regulators, and I think in the end projects that are really needy like this will get approved and will get built. Now let me emphasize that there is not one damn set of that North East direct project, either the supply portion or the market portion that is in the backlog that Steve took you through. So this is a project that we’re working on and if it gets built it would be added into everything we projected for you thus far.
Brad Olsen: That’s great color, Rich. I appreciate all the color everyone. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carl Kirst of BMO Capital. Go ahead sir. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Carl, how are you doing?
Carl Kirst: Good afternoon. Good, good. Thank you, and certainly congratulations to both of you. And just, maybe if I could stick with NED for a second, because I’m just curious now from the other aspect, from the commercial aspect. Is there any better sense of how the market is shaking out from the demand pull aspect, i.e. what, perhaps Maine might do to kind of push you over the finish line or anybody else for that matter?
Rich Kinder: I’ll let, Tom Martin who runs our natural gas pipeline to answer that.
Tom Martin: Thanks, Rich. Now as he said, as Rich said we have gotten most of our LDC part of this project summed up. So, it is really going to the State of Maine and ultimately the power customers that will be the next phase. And we think over the next quarter maybe two at the most as we will have a very clear picture on getting those commitments in place to, we believe to move forward with this project. But a lot of work to be done between now and then, certainly need to work with the state and local officials as well as the commercial aspects of the these transactions and all the -- as Rich said, all the people that need this commodity have been very positive towards this project and we are very optimistic that we’ll get this done.
Carl Kirst: Understood. So it sounds like this spring is still at least a potentially still a realistic scenario as far as knowing how the chips are going to fall.
Tom Martin: Spring into mid-year. Yes.
Carl Kirst: Okay. If I could ask a question on the CO2 business only because Rich I think you mentioned that the current budget for instance does not include any of the potential benefits of cost reductions, and I’m just curious in the experience of 2008 and 2009 if there is any sense of magnitude of what that was back then as far as possible offset we maybe looking at this year.
Rich Kinder: Yes, Jesse.
Jesse Arenivas: Yes, thanks. I think our target is going to be at 15% of our total operating budget. Keep in mind our 40% of that is tied to natural gas prices or correlated to the natural gas price which is power. So, we’re shooting for an overall 15% reduction in cost roughly $30 million of the non-committed dollars. In regards to 2008, 2009 we were able to achieve a little higher percentage of that, but what we’ve learned through that period is that we tied a lot of our drilling and well work programs in contracts to crude price. So when we lowered the budget to $70, there’s already a wedge out of that. So in aggregate it’s probably going to be closer to the 20% consistent to what we got in ’08 and ’09.
Rich Kinder: And obviously, Carl, he’s talking just about the O&M, the operating budget. There will also be savings on the capital side. But as far as impact on 2015 reducing the O&M cost we believe 15% is a good solid number, and they’ve already achieved about a third of that with contracts. They’ve already renegotiated just since the first of the year. So, I think we will have that. And again, there will be a lot of moving parts obviously in this kind of environment, but we don’t have that in place with our numbers yet.
Carl Kirst: Understood. And then lastly if I could, this is just sort of, I guess a micro question, but to the extent that we saw the excess coverage again keeping the $70 oil plan moving up from $500 million to $650 million -- $654 million. Was that basically just a nuance to the bonus depreciation at year end, or was there something more going on there?
Rich Kinder: Kim?
Kim Dang: Sir. That was just Carl, we went out with our budgets where all the pieces were in place here and so we went with over $500 million. It was over -- it was $600 million at the top, but one of the moving pieces was that we were finalizing some of the tax purchase price allocation and so that’s why we went out with an estimate as opposed to a precise number.
Carl Kirst: Understood. I appreciate the clarification. Thanks guys.
Rich Kinder: Thank you, Carl.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Shere of Tuohy Brothers. Go ahead, your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Good morning, Craig.
Craig Shere: Good afternoon, and congrats Rich and Steve and the whole team. When the market was questioning I’m not understanding as much, a year ago you guys kept a steady sale and simplified things dramatically. Congratulations for job well done.
Rich Kinder: Thank you.
Craig Shere: Couple of questions here, on the EOR side, really great growth at SACROC, Katz was also up I think 6% sequentially. Can we get some more color on that and also the ramping trends that Katz and Goldsmith that maybe was behind schedule over the last couple of quarters and can you comment on appetite for EOR growth CapEx initiatives in the current environment with things like ROZ or the Yates NGL flood?
Rich Kinder: Yes, and Craig we’re going to go into lot more detail next week at the analyst conference. In fact I think Jesse has got a slide that’s going to show you basically what returns are at various WTI prices broken out by SACROC, Yates, Katz, ROZ, so on. But I think the huge story or success story here is that SACROC, and you’re going to see next week that once again that if you’ve attended our conferences every year people asked whether SACROC start this inevitable decline? And I remember at one time it was going to be 2008, 2009, then it was 2014, 2017, 2018. We continue to move that out because frankly it is just a fantastic field and we’re now doing a lot of infill drilling that is very economic. It gets more economic than putting on new patterns by a fair margin. And again Steve gave you the average for the year and for the fourth quarter. Starting this year, we’re right at 37,000 barrels a day at SACROC and our budget that we set for this year is about 33,000 barrels a day and now we’ll have moving parts elsewhere in CO2, but thus far we’re off to a very good start and it’s largely due to SACROC. So we see that. Certainly the ROZ, I think is at the upper end of the curve in terms of clearing price versus something like infill drilling at SACROC, and we’ll just have to see how that comes out. But certainly the money we’re spending now on our test patterns there is economic given the cost we’ve already presented, it’s very economic on a going forward basis. And then we’ll just reassess that for that on where the prices are. Steve or Jesse, do you want to add something? They’re nodding their head, so I guess they’re agreeing.
Craig Shere: Okay. And just one more question, it would be on an ongoing basis quarterly if maybe we could kind of track the growth CapEx inventory or portfolio relative to what was originally envisioned when you issued your original guidance through 2020, I realize there’s some moving parts including commodity prices. But where do we stand right now in terms of maybe needing just a couple of billion dollars more at the same commodity prices you originally assumed to fulfill that long-term growth guidance.
Rich Kinder: Well, go ahead Steve.
Steve Kean: I was just going to say, I think that we can give you some more insight into that. But it’s very hard to define what in -- what people have called our shadow backlog is going to fall into the backlog. But we believe we’re going to get a substantial piece of additional CapEx beyond what we’re showing you in the backlog and our performance over the year and from quarter-to-quarter is generally demonstrating that too. The other thing that’s hard to incorporate in there is acquisitions like the one we’re talking about today. We expect we’re going to see those as well. So those are shots that are just a little bit harder to call. But you have -- you’re making a good point. Certainly with some additional capital deployment in our existing businesses we can call back some of the damage done in our CO2 business from lower commodity prices. So we can help get back some of what would have otherwise been a deterioration from the transaction that we were talking about back in August.
Craig Shere: Sure. I guess, that was my point of just making up the free cash flow that was originally guided and maybe getting to the point eventually being able to increase the 10% CAGR on the dividend?
Rich Kinder: We would certainly -- that’s our intent too. And again as you can see I mean, we’ve got a lot of positive cash flow even with lower commodity prices. It’s just harder to judge on a going forward basis. But the reason I took you through ’15 is that’s something that I can get my pea-sized brain around and so you can see that in the year like ’15 and I’m not saying that, that’s the same every year, but you can kind of see where you are, and the impact of commodity pricing on the bottom line in terms of distributable cash flow and excess coverage.
Craig Shere: Great. Thank you very much. I look forward to next week.
Rich Kinder: Good.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Edwards of Credit Suisse. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Hi, John. How are you doing today?
John Edwards: Doing well, Rich, and congrats on your upcoming transition, I guess, well deserved.
Rich Kinder: We are great. Steve’s as good as they come. Not going to be hanging around. So, go ahead.
John Edwards: Well congrats to Steve as well. But I’m just curious on the highland deal, if you can give us an idea of the economics behind the acreage that’s dedicated in other words maybe what the breakeven costs are for that acreage?
Rich Kinder: Yes, I don’t know if we -- and I’m going to turn it over to Dax. Dax I don’t honestly know whether we posted any slides on the Web site yet. I think we’re going to. And the one that we used with the Board today I thought was very good. Dax, do you want to kind of take it through that?
Dax Sanders: Yes, absolutely. I think John a couple of things -- couple of sources, generally I think if you look at one source I think and this is publicly available is a presentation the Continental Resources who is a pretty well respected producer up there put on our Web site based on a presentation couple of weeks ago, and they show a graph that shows effectively a PV-10 at a WTI price of effectively 40 bucks and assuming no modest amount of cost cut from this kind of department. So, that’s one piece of data out there. Lets just say and again that’s in terms of the WTI price. We’ve got another I guess piece of information from a bank that shows, effectively Bakken, Tier 1 Bakken being, if you look across different acreages across the United States being really second only to the Eagle Ford Tier 1 in having sort of, again kind of a PV-10 or 10% IRR breakeven with the WTI price in the range of call it $35 to $45, and again that assumed some cost cuts that are probably appropriate for this environment. But those are the types of numbers that we think about them. And again, I think what you heard all these producers say, a lot of these guys have said probably is, they’re reducing rig counts but they are high grading their portfolios and substantially increasing the EOR targets in the wells that they’re drilling and they’re really focusing in on the higher grade acreage and focusing rigs on that acreage. And that’s really kind of what we take into account our analysis.
John Edwards: All right. That’s really helpful. Is there, in terms of those ranges, I mean, is there some percentage. I think you said there was 1.8 million acres dedicated, is there some percentage that say the economics or more at the fringe, say it’s not economic below $60 or $70 -- I mean, its -- I assume its some kind of a curve in terms of how this shakes out?
Dax Sanders: Yes, I would just say that the majority of that acreage is stuff that we believe is concentrated in what we kind of defined is that sweet spot which is again the sort of McKenzie, Mountrail and Williams counties. So, I mean we think that’s – that really is kind of what's driving that.
Rich Kinder: And just again some touchdowns for you, John, and again a lot of different people have other opinions but the North Dakota, Department of Mineral Resources put out a report on January 8 that ranked the counties in North Dakota by breakeven oil price, and the rankings – the three counties that were primarily, were the heart of what we have is in is McKenzie, Williams and Mountrail and those were three of the top five counties in North Dakota according to the Department of Mineral resources, and McKenzie has the most rigs. Williams has the second number of rigs and Mountrail has the third largest number of rigs. So, I mean, I think certainly its some -- when you that much acreage 1.8 million acreage, some acreage is going to be better than others and then I got to grow up everything. But certainly we think and believe that we are right in the Tier 1 sweet spot of the Bakken, otherwise we wouldn’t have done the deal. And the other thing is we’ve got long-term contracts on this. So again whatever happens in that acreage we feel we’re going to be able to benefit from it and benefit our customers for years to come.
John Edwards: Okay, that’s very helpful. And then you indicate, it’s a 10 times multiple by 2018. What's the multiples for like ’15, ’16, ’17, if you can give that?
Dax Sanders: I think the only guidance we have there is that it is modestly accretive in 2015 and then we build through that 10 times by 2018.
John Edwards: Okay. All right.
Rich Kinder: It’s accretive every year from the get-go. So, I think that’s the important thing.
John Edwards: Okay. Okay, that’s really helpful. That’s all I had. Thank you very much.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Thanks, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Sighinolfi of Jefferies. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Good afternoon, Chris.
Chris Sighinolfi: Hi, Rich. How are you? Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to follow up on a couple of things -- to follow-up on things that may or may not be in the guidance, I know Carl followed up on some of the cost reductions that might be possible at the CO2 business. I was curious you have mentioned in the fourth quarter the times the impact in Canada, just wondering if that was sort of part of the wait of quarter scrub on what you’re offering for 2015. I’m sure you’re going to go into more detail in the suite, but I was just curious about the widening Canadian dollar impact.
Kim Dang: Sure, and we can go on to this more next week. But what we have in the budget is 0.92 times for the exchange rate.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay. And is there any sort of broad sensitivity, Kim that you’ve offered on that?
Kim Dang: We’ll have that for you next week.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay. Perfect. And then Kim, your kind of last quarter call to offer detail on hedge positions and I think you had commented that you might add sort of end of year-end or beginning in the year sort of look to add additional hedge positions. Just curious if you did that, and if so, if we can get an update on where things stand?
Kim Dang: We continue to add hedges. We have on-going hedge programs right now. We’ve got about 80% of 2015 hedge at about an $80 price, 50% of ’16 and a $79 price, 32% of ’17 at the $79 price, and 20% of ’18 and an $81 price.
Chris Sighinolfi: Great. Okay. And I guess, final question maybe for Steve or for Rich. In terms of the CO2 business I know there was the comment earlier about the CapEx that came out of the five year plan. I’m just wondering how we should think about the impact on -- potential impact on sort of volumes, Rich you had talked about SACROC slide and the slide you guys have about. Eventually when does that asset start declining if and when just wondering how we think about in context of some of the CapEx coming out over the next five years, what perhaps we are to be doing from a model perspective and thinking about that sort of base level of decline on the asset?
Rich Kinder: Well, on SACROC and again this is early. We were kind of seeing the best of both worlds here. We’re actually seeing the ability to increase production with less CapEx intensive programs. So that’s a bit of a change from where we even were I would say six months ago, Jesse and so there’s been some -- there’s been some improvement there which is to keep figuring out better and better ways to get at the oil there. When it comes to the other fields again I think its less about, I think looking at it field by field than it is more about the type of development. So, where we have existing infrastructure in the field. So we’ve got gathering lines, we’ve got injection lines, we’ve got tanks, those sorts of things. The infill part of our program is going to be economic. And what moves to the margins is a new build out or new development, new pattern in the same development. That gets a little closer to the edge, and then a brand new kind of Greenfield development is probably outside the edge. And that’s a real summary way to think about it and again we can get more specific with some specific development plans that we have when we get to the conference next week, but is that covered, Jesse?
Jesse Arenivas: Yes, I think maybe to look at, it’s the backlog I think the question is, heavy weighted towards CO2 development, not the EOR business. So, I think the push out of the 800 million or so is more focused on our new CO2 sourced development and not just the EOR projects. I think that’s the way to look at it.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay. Thanks a lot for the time guys. I appreciate it.
Jesse Arenivas: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Steinberg of Waveny Capital Management. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Good afternoon, Adam.
Adam Steinberg: Hi. Thank you. Hi, how are you?
Rich Kinder: Good.
Adam Steinberg: Good. I’ll eco the comments that others have made in the call about extending our congratulations to you guys. But it seems like the market is not really rewarding some of these accomplishments that you guys have achieved, and Rich, I saw your comments in the release today, but I was wondering maybe you can go further than just saying you won't sell and will the company consider buying back some of the stock and or the want?
Rich Kinder: Would the company consider buying back some of my stock? I’m not …
Adam Steinberg: No, no. Some of the stock in the open market.
Rich Kinder: No, that’s not in our present plans. Again, what we have said is that we’re going to concentrate on this tremendous dividend growth story that we’ve got and be very careful about maintaining our investment grade rating by keeping -- by paying close attention to and keeping that debt to EBITDA in the range that we have talked about over the last six months.
Adam Steinberg: Great. And then just one follow up maybe. You talked about -- you reiterated dividend and guidance in the future. Does today’s acquisition add to that or is it sort of the core business a little weaker and that makes up forth?
Rich Kinder: Well, I think this is additive with what we’re doing today with the accretion and the out years is additive to what we had before. I think you have to look at on separate tracks. In other words what we’ve got here is a tremendous set of assets and admittedly are somewhat I think pretty minor -- in a pretty minor way compared to if you were [indiscernible], but impacted by the lower commodity price, we never denied that. We’ve given you guidance on that. And any acquisitions that we do or any new expansion projects that we had at the backlog we don’t have now will -- if you want to say offset that or will add to it. So, I think we certainly won't do any acquisitions or expansion projects unless they’re accretive to the cash flow.
Adam Steinberg: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: And I’m showing no further questions at this time.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Well, thank you very much everybody. I know it’s been a pretty long conference call. We’re very excited both with the results for 2014, the outlook for ’15, and with our newest acquisition. Thank you and have a good evening.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-15 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Rich Kinder - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Steve Kean - President & Chief Operating Officer  Kim Dang - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Kinder Morgan G.P., Inc. Tom Martin - Vice President & President, Natural Gas Pipelines Group Jim Wuerth - Vice President & President of CO2 Division Ian Anderson - President of Kinder Morgan Canada
Analysts: Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets Ted Durbin - Goldman Sachs Mark Reichman - Simmons & Co. Darren Horowitz - Raymond James & Associates Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers John Edward - Credit Suisse  Becca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors Shneur Gershuni - UBS
Jeremy Tonet - JP Morgan: 
Operator: Welcome to the quarterly earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on a listen only mode until the question-and-answer portion.  Today’s conference is also being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Chairman and CEO of Kinder Morgan. You may begin.
Rich Kinder: Okay, thank you Holly and welcome to everybody to our earnings call. As usual, we’ll be making statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. I’ll make some introductory remarks, then I’m going to turn it over to Steve Kean, our President and Chief Operating Officer who will talk about operations and our project backlog and then we'll go to Kim Dang, who will take you through the numbers. And I want you to treat her respectfully, because we just named her as a Member of Office of the Chairman today. So I know you will keep that in mind. Let me talk about first quarter to third quarter performance. There is really not a lot to report on the quarter or on our projections for the balance of the year. Steve and Kim will take you through it in more detail, except that we do now expect to exceed our $1.72 budget target for dividends at KMI and we expect to meet our targets at KMP, KMR and EPB.  Our natural gas pipelines, particularly the inter-state portion of our group leading the year with a strong performance throughout the year. As an indication of the increased demand for transportation on our natural gas pipelines we now have new singed and pending long term contracts since December of last year, December ‘13 of 6.4 bcf/d and to put that in perspective, that’s about 9% of the total U.S. gas demand and that number, that 6.4 number is up from 5.3 at the end of second quarter. So we continue to make real progress in attaching new throughput agreements to our system. Steve will go into more detail on the operating performance across all of our segments.  More significant for the future probably is the size of our backlog of new projects. We went from 17 billion in backlog at the beginning of the quarter to 17.9 billion at the end of the quarter, even after deducting about $1.1 billion of projects that were completed and placed in service during the quarter and thus removed from the backlog. The third quarter additions include some sizeable projects that Steve will discuss in detail.  To me this growth demonstrates once again the demand from mid-stream energy infrastructure in North America and the size of our backlog, together with the enormous footprint of our Pipeline and Terminal assets is the best predictor of future growth at KM in my judgment. Now, let me also update you on the transaction in which KMI is proposing to buy the outstanding units and shares in KMP, KMR and EPB. We have now received all necessary regulatory approvals, except our registration statement has not yet been declared effective by the SEC. We except to announce the date of our shareholders and unit holder meetings in the near future and we’re hopeful we will be able to close by Thanksgiving. To remind you, we expect the resulting consolidated KMI to pay a dividend of $2 dollars in 2015, that’s an increase of 16% over the $1.72 budget target for ’14; to increase that dividend by 10% a year through 2020 and to generate coverage in excess of $2 billion above these increased dividend payments. And with that I’ll turn it over to Steve.
Steve Kean: All right, good afternoon. So I’m going to review the business segments focusing on year-over-year performance, Q3 of last year to Q3 of this year of each one and the key developments in each segment. Starting off with gas, a very good year. KMP, their earnings before DD&A is up $53 million or 9% year-over-year and we continue to see strong performance at TGP and EPNG, as well as the assets that we picked up in the Copano acquisition. Transport volume on the KMP assets is up 10% year-over-year. At EPB the DCF is up $23 million or 8% year-over-year, really due to the dropdowns of our interest in Gulf and Ruby that were announced in April this year.  The gas group added on a net basis $100 million to the project backlog. That’s after putting into service about $270 million. The biggest piece of that was the expansion of our Huston Central plant and some associated pipe expansions around that asset for about $250 million. We had a net add at TGP of about $175 million, about the same number at the mid-stream assets and those were really both associated with LNG markets, as well as Mexico, so a net add of $100 million to the backlog in the gas group.  We continue to see strong demand for natural gas infrastructure as Rich mentioned. We’ve seen it in the shale’s, LNG exports and Mexico. Our assets are well positioned for all of that as evidenced by the 6.4 Bcf of signup that we’ve had. So the trends that we’ve been talking about for a long time are now turning themselves into long-term firm transport commitments. And that’s just mostly the supply side and some LNG and Mexico exports. That’s before we’ve really seen the demand side of this picture with power conversion in the U.S. and industrial and PetChem. on the U.S. Gulf Coast. And to illustrate that point, if look at our backlog you don’t see anything in there, for those developments yet to come just yet, but we can see them over the horizon. If you break our backlog out in the gas group, call it producer push projects are about $800 million out in the shale’s. What I’ll call first party LNG, which is really the Elba Island and related transportation expansions, about $1.6 billion. What I’ll call second party LNG, which is where we’re investing in infrastructure to serve other peoples LNG facilities is another $750 million.  Mexico is over $900 million and processing and gathering primarily in the Eagle Ford is about $300 million, so that’s about 4.4 or so of the total backlog and you can see we still got more to come with these other developments. Still haven’t seen the full effect of power and industrial PetChem. on the U.S. Gulf Coast and I think we’ll also see some additional LNG and all of those things are things that we are well positioned for.  You would also think with all of this demand side growth and what’s happening on the supply side, that we are going to see an enhanced value on our storage assets as well and that is I think also is still to come. And also a remainder, the backlog that we have in the gas group does not yet include Northeast direct of Gulf LNG projects, which we continue to actively work. So again, more to come on our well positioned gas network. Turning to CO2; earnings before DD&A is up $14 million or 4% year-over-year. On the volume side SACROC is up 12%, a huge performer. NGL’s are also up 7% year-over-year. Yates is down a little bit, 3.4%. Katz volumes are up 27.3% and Goldsmith is basically flat. Overall volumes on a net basis are up 9% year-over-year and really great performance in SACROC with nearly every program that we’ve put in place there for 2014, exceeding our expectations.  The disappointment from a production standpoint is Goldsmith, which is essentially flat year-over-year. I would characterize the issues here as being less about geology then they are about operations. The oil is there, it’s down the well bore, but we’ve had outages at the wells and outages associated with our pumps there. These are similar, but not identical problems that we have solved in other places, including SACROC, so we’ve got a full court press to turn things around here.  The other even bigger disappointment in the CO2 group is net oil prices taking the Midland Cushing differential into account. That differential alone more than explains CO2’s entire shortfall to its plan this year. So very strong volume performance at SACROC and the NGL’s year-over-year up-ticks at Katz. Work to be done at Goldsmith in particular.  Turning to the backlog it’s evenly split now in CO2 between the S&T and EOR parts of our business with about $2.1 billion each. We added this proportionately to the S&T portion of the backlog in the quarter-over-quarter change that we had. Looking ahead, we are going to be focusing our attention on Goldsmith and we’ve begun hedging and looking at other physical sales strategies that we can use to manage the Midland Cushing spread issue. On the product side, earnings before DD&A are up $20 million or 10% year-over-year. The increase came from our year-over-year earnings growth on our less refined products lines. KMCC had a big up-tick year-over-year, Southeast Terminals and Cochin and those positives more than offset declines at West Coast Terminals and Transmix. Interestingly, refined products volumes here were up 6.8% year-over-year and up 4.1% if you exclude parkway, which we put into service late in Q3 of last year. Contrast that with the EIA, where nation wide, the increase in refined products was only 0.8% on a year-over-over basis. Plantation volumes really led the way here as demand to move U.S. Gulf Coast refined products to our markets remains very strong.  In addition, the nice increase we saw in refined products volume, the backlog shows strong demand for additional NGL condensate and crude infrastructure. If you look at the composition of the backlog here, there is a little over $0.5 billion that’s associated with UTOPIA and Cochin. Those projects and another 550 associated with crude and condensate at KMCC, including our splitter project there and another 20 or so on miscellaneous refined products and blending operations. So a good chunk of demand for crude and condensate in NGL’s in particular.  The products group also increased their backlog over $100 million, while placing into service over $400 million worth of projects during the quarter. The two big ones being Cochin and the completion of a number of KMCC related expansions and the big addition being the UTOPIA project moving ethane and ethane propane mix for NOVA, as well as potentially some other customers up to Cochin and then into the Windsor-Sarnia area. We also had another $50 million plus of additions to KMCC related expansion projects. And I have to say overall, both in gas and especially in products, the project, the execution on the projects in this segment remains very good. They think their numbers are better with a notable exception schedule wise of a delay in the first phase of the splitter project in the Huston Ship Channel, but from a cost stand point they are hitting their numbers better. And a remainder here too, that the backlog does not yet include the Y-Grade project UMTP or Palmetto. We continue to work on those prospects. Palmetto is in the middle of an open season right now until the end of this month and on a combined basis these projects if they come to fruition would add another $4 billion to the backlog. Terminals; turning to Terminals. Earnings before DD&A year-over-year are up $48 million or 25%. That is the biggest; I believe the biggest ever year-over-year up-tick in performance for the terminal segment. About 70% of that is organic placing a number of projects into service versus 30% on the acquisition side, which is primarily the APT acquisition. We did experience weakness on our coal export volumes though we do have some protection in our contracts with minimum payments, but we continue to see on the plus side very strong demand for liquids infrastructure and that’s evidenced by a net increase to the backlog of about $300 million, even while putting $200 million worth of projects into service.  The current backlog is predominantly liquids related. It breaks down – there’s about $600 million worth of crude by rail projects that are in the backlog; about $400 million associated with building out the APT tankers; another $1.4 billion that’s other liquids tankage and dock and piping infrastructure and the bulk is only about $80 million of our backlog currently. Looking ahead, here we expect to continue to see growth in demand for the liquids infrastructure. I think that demand extends also to our existing assets in Houston and Edmonton where we continue to see nice renewal rates on that, but also extends to expansions. On the downside, we except to see continued weakness in coal volumes in the next year. Lastly Kinder Morgan Canada and the big story here continues to be the Trans Mountain Expansion. Just a remainder here, this is fully under contract. We’ve got NEB approval of the commercial and economic terms of those contracts. Our development costs are almost entirely covered on this project and we do have good cost protection on the most difficult parts of the built.  Last quarter when we had this call we had just received word of a six month, three-week delay in the deadline for an NEB decision. So they moved it from July of 2015 to January of 2016, but at that time we had not yet assessed the full impact of that to the schedule. Other than to note that we would be moving from late 2017 to a 2018 in service date, we’ve spent the intervening time assessing the routs, alternatives in Burnaby. We’ve looked at our construction schedules very closely and can tell you that we expect now a Q3 and frankly a late Q3 of 2018 in the service for Trans Mountain now.  The main thing that’s going on there is a separate proceeding for the NEB to assess the alternative routes between Burnaby Mountain and the dock, where our terminal facility is down to the dock. We are in the middle of that process and in the middle of a dispute with Burnaby over how to assess that. We had to examine our construction schedule closely, looking at things like the effect on clearing schedules as fish and wildlife considerations etc., and that pushed us to a Q3, 2018 in service.  Not withstanding the local disputes, we continue to make good progress to the application process and we still expect to get our permit on this project and build this expansion. So that’s the run down on the business units and the major projects.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Kim for a more detailed look at the numbers.
Kim Dang: Thanks Steve. So starting with KMP and the GAAP income statement, you could see there today the KMP Board declared a distribution per unit of $1.40; that’s a $0.05 increase or 4% from the three months in 2013. As a result, we will declare distribution over nine months of $4.17 or an increase of 5%. Now you can see on income from continuing operations that we’re up 40%. If you want to look at it on a per share number, we are up 78%. We don’t think that these are the right numbers to focus on, because we don’t think it gives you an accurate picture of what’s going on at KMP.  So if you turn to the second page and numbers, you can see that we – DCF per unit for the quarter is $1.31. That compares to the declared distribution of $1.40. So we have about 0.9, 4 times coverage about $42 million short of coverage. As we told you last quarter and we told you on almost every quarter, that we expect negative coverage in the second and the third quarter, positive coverage in the first and the fourth and for the year to have positive coverage.  Now, in terms of net income per unit, when you strip out the certain items, we are at $0.57. I’ve seen a couple of notes out there that we’ve missed the consensus earnings. Let me point out that even though we don’t think earnings is the right thing, earnings per unit is the right thing to focus on. We do give you a budget every year of earnings per unit. We also provide a distribution of how that number breaks out across the year.  So if you take our number of $2.57 and multiply by the percentage, you would get $0.57 per unit. So we are right on top of our budget at KMP and if you look at the other two companies, those which I still know that we missed the consensus, EPB is $0.001 short of that calculation as for our publish numbers, budget publish budget numbers and KMI is $0.001 above. So I can’t really comment on where the consensus earnings are coming from, but they are obviously not consistent with the budget that we put out, which we have been very consistent in achieving over time. DCF in total for KMP is $607 million, up $53 million or 10% in the quarter, so nice growth in total DCF in the quarter for the nine months $1.861 billion, up $252 million or 16%. And so let me reconcile for you the $53 million that were up for the quarter and the $252 million that were up for the nine months.  If you look at segment earnings before DD&A, we are up $141 million or 10%. About 72% of that is coming from two segments, Natural Gas and Terminals. But we also had nice increases coming out of CO2 and products. Our Natural Gas is up about $53 million and Terminals was up about $48 million. Steve took you through all the reasons for that, so I won’t reiterate that, but nice growth coming out of the segments.  Then you focus on the expense side of the equation. G&A is actually – there was an expense of $129 million on the quarter that’s a reduction. So G&A expense is lower than it was in the third quarter of ’13 by about $8 million and that’s the result of higher capitalized overhead as a result of our capital expansion program. Interest was an expense of $238 million in the quarter. That's about an increase of $17 million over the third quarter of 2013 and that is the result of higher average balances as a result of acquisitions and expansion capital, slightly offset so by some lower rate.  Then sustaining CapEx was increased $29 million in the third quarter of this year versus the third quarter 2013. That’s within about 2% of our budget and it’s actually about $3 million higher than our budget, but as I’ll tell you in a minute, year-to-date we are slightly behind our budget, so it’s largely timing.  So if you take the segment’s up 141, G&A is a positive $8 million, interest expense negative $17 million, sustaining CapEx $29 million, the GP incentive is up $37 million as a result of higher distributions per unit and more units outstanding and then we have some other items that are a negative $13 million and that’s largely just in our calculation at DCF we make some adjustments for things that are not cash that are in earnings and so $13 million there that gets you to the $53 million. If you look at the nine months, the $252 million, our segments are up $575 million or 14%. 83% of that growth again is coming out of Natural Gas and Terminals, with gas being up $355 million, Terminals being up $125 million, but we also saw nice growth coming out of CO2 and products. On the expense side of the equation, G&A is an increased expense versus the nine months last year of about $20 million. Interest is up about $74 million, again a higher balance slightly offset by lower rate. The sustaining CapEx is about $82 million, but year-to-date we are about $23 million lower than our plans on sustaining CapEx.  So we budgeted for sustaining CapEx to increase, but some of that is timing. Actually for the year, we are going to be about $16 million positive to our plan. Some of that, about half of that is just a reclassification to OpEx. So OpEx is higher than we would have expected. Sustaining CapEx is a little bit lower than we would have expected. That explains about half of the $16 million variance. But back to the nine months, $82 million and increased sustaining CapEx; the GP incentive up $137 million for the same reasons higher distribution per unit, higher units outstanding and then other items of about $10 million gets you to the $252 billion. So versus our budget where we currently expect to end up the year, we currently expect to end up on budget in terms of DCF and DFC per unit. But let me give you a little more insight into that.  The segments are going to be very, very close on a percentage basis. On an absolute dollar basis they are going to be slightly below and that’s a result of nice increases in GAAP versus our budget, primarily as a result of new contracts and increased transport revenue on TGP and EPNG. It’s a result of contributions from and Terminals from the APT acquisitions. And then these positives are more than offset negative impact of the Midland Cushing differential as Steve mentioned, weaker coal volumes than we would have expected, some project delays and lower condensate volumes.  The slightly below on the absolute dollars from the segment is being offset by positive variances on G&A interest, GP incentive and sustaining CapEx to leave us on budget overall for the year.  Now in terms of KMP’s balance sheet, we ended the quarter at $21.5 billion in debt. That results in a debt to EBITDA of about 3.8 times. The debt increased in the quarter $817 million and it increased almost $2 billion, $1.99 billion for the nine months. So I’ll take you through the change in debt, the drivers of the change in debt.  One the quarter we spent about $1.16 billion in terms of acquisitions, expansion CapEx and contributions to equity investments. We raised about $328 million in equity and then we had a contract buyout that was about $200 million positive, and that was the main certain item back on the income statement, it was the benefit, the earnings benefit of that buyout, but we also received cash for that. And then we have working capital and other items that were a use of capital of about $181 million.  Now let me say, there are tons of moving parts under here given the size of the company that we are, but they net out and so what you’re left with is primarily a use of working capital associated with accrued interest, because we make our interest payments on our debt, primarily in the first quarter and the third quarter. Accrued interest was a use of working capital, of about $186 million in the quarter.  Year-to-date, $1.99 billion increased in the debt balance. We spent about $3.7 billion in terms of acquisitions, expansion CapEx and contributions to equity investments. We had 1.1 of acquisitions with the largest one being the APT acquisition of $961 million that we did in the first quarter. Expansion CapEx was $2.3 billion and then we had about $300 million of contributions to equity investments.  We raised $1.7 billion in equity. We had a little under a $200 million receipt of cash from the contract buyout, and then we had a use of working capital and other items of $178 million. Again, a lot of moving pieces, but the primary use of working capital was accrued interest. So that’s it for KMP.  Looking at EPB, EPB for the quarter is declaring a distribution of $0.65. That is flat with the third quarter of 2013; that result and a declared distribution of $1.95 for the nine months, which is a 3% increase versus the nine months of 2013.  When you look at EPB’s DCF in the quarter, its DCF was $0.65 versus the declared distribution of $0.65 to write out one times coverage. The DCF per unit is up 12% versus the third quarter of last year, so very nice growth in DCF per unit. Year-to-date, DCF per unit is $2.02 versus the distribution of $1.95 and so about $15 million of positive coverage for the nine months on EPB. The $2.02 was up about 3% from the nine months in 2013.  DCF in total $150 million was up $23 million or 18% for the three months. For the nine months $454 million, up $29 million or 7%. Well, let me reconcile for you the $23 million increase in DCF for the quarter and the $29 million increase in DCF for the nine months.  The top line of the page you can see earnings before DD&A, $3 million. That generally is where you expect to see the increase in cash coming from our assets. But because the drop downs that we did were both joint ventures, as you know we adjust our DCF calculation to add back JV DD&A and subtract our share of sustaining CapEx. And the reason we do that is to more closely reflect the cash distributions that we receive from these investments.  So if you add back the JV DD&A, the change in JV DD&A from the quarter in 2013 to the third quarter in 2014, that’s a $31 million increase, and then we have a $3 million adjustment down in our DCF calculation to adjust out some of the non-cash items, primarily differed revenues and AFUDC, that’s about a $3 million negative in the quarter.  So really the assets contribution is up about $31 million. The may drop down contributed about $46 million and then we had some degradation in S&G and WIC associated with the rate cases and also WIC associated with lower rates on contract renewals.  On the expense side of the equation G&A interest sustaining CapEx, G&A is actually down $1 million versus the third quarter of 2013. Interest is up, so increased expense about $3 million is associated with interest expense from financing the drop. Sustaining CapEx is up about $3 million and that gets you to about $26 million of improved cash flow. The GP incentive is up $3 million because of more units outstanding. That gets you to $23 million increase in DCF in the quarter.  Year-to-date, the $29 million earnings before DD&A, again up $6 million, similar story here. You also have to add back the change in the JV DD&A, its about $52 million and then take out items that we adjust that are non-cash to get to DCF, which is a negative $9 million. That gets you to about a $49 million increase coming from the assets. They drop about $77 million benefit in the quarter and then again in the year-to-date, and then again similar story on WIC and S&A down versus the nine months of 2013 on the rate cases and on the case of WIC as a lower contract renewal.  If you look at G&A interest in sustaining CapEx, the change in those is about a $2 million increase in total combined for the nine months. Take that off of the $49 million from the assets. That gets you to a $47 million increase. The GP incentive was up about $18 million on Morgan for higher distribution to get you to the $29 million.  EPB is having a good year. EPB we expect to be in our budget right now. On a DCF we are running slightly ahead of our budget and that’s coming from basically a little bit better performance across the board. Better performance from the assets, a little bit lower G&A, lower interest and lower sustaining CapEx.  Looking at EPBs balance sheet, EPB totaled into the quarter with total debt of $3.642 billion. That is a debt to EBITDA of about four times and so up from the end of the year, but consistent with EPB’s budget. The change in debt in the quarter is a reduction of $99 million for the year. Its an increase of $464 million.  In the quarter we spent about $23 million in terms of expansion CapEx and contributions to equity investments. We issued about $76 million in equity and then working capital and other items were sources of cash of $46 million, which is primarily accrued interest and accrued taxes. 
 : Retuning to KMI. KMI, we are declaring, the Board declared a dividend today of $0.44 per share. That is $0.001 above where we would have expected to be for the third quarter and that is why you see our guidance that we expect to exceed our $1.72 budget.  That result and a declared distribution for the nine months of $1.29, which is an 8% increase over the nine months in 2013. The $0.44 compares to cash available of $0.42, so we are slightly negative on coverage as we would have expected similar to KMP and as we tell you almost every quarter, we expect negative coverage in the second and the third quarter, positive coverage in the first and the fourth and to be approximately one time for the full year. For the nine months, the cash available of $1.29 is equivalent to the declared distribution of $1.29, so right at one times coverage.  Cash available to pay dividends, $435 million in the quarter up $11 million or 3% for the nine months, $1.34 billion up $109 million or 9%. So let me reconcile the $11 million increase in the quarter and the $109 million increase for the nine months.  In the quarter the cash coming from KMI’s investments in the MLPs, so from its GP and LP interest it was up $48 million or 8%. The cash generated from other assets was down $47 million as a result of the dropdowns, and then the combination of interest G&A and taxes was a benefit of about $10 million, meaning we had less expense in the third quarter of this year than we did in the third quarter of last year and that leaves you up about $11 million.  On the nine months, the cash coming from the MLP’s up $182 million or 10%. The cash generated from other assets are down $76 million. Again, this is a function of dropping down assets to EPB and to KMP.  And then interest G&A and taxes, the expense items are a benefit of $3 million; that’s lower G&A and interest more than offsetting higher taxes, leaving you up $109 million in the quarter. Versus our budget, we are slightly ahead of our budget in terms of cash available to pay dividends and as we said, we expect to exceed the dividends per share of $1.72.  Looking at KMIs balance sheet, we ended the quarter at $9.3 billion of debt. If you look at the fully consolidated number of $35.5 billion, that is 4.9 times on a fully consolidated basis debt to the last 12 months EBITDA and we are on target for when we closed the transaction to be at about 5.6 times as we laid out in the Investor Presentation. The change in debt in the quarter is up $54 million. It’s down a little under $500 million, $493 million year-to-date. On the $54 million we posted margins of about $60 million and then we had a whole host of other items that comprise the difference to get you to $54 million increase in debt.  Those include the fact that KMR that we included in the metric as cash. We did not choose to sell those shares and so that’s a $23 million use of cash. We have a $63 million benefit from the fact that we actually paid lower capital taxes, that’s what in the metric, because we straight lined if you will the NOL that we got in the El Paso acquisition versus on a true cash tax purpose of the metric versus on a true cash tax basis we are using that up as quickly as we can.  We had about $18 million in one-time items primarily, the legacy El Paso environmental and marketing and then we had some transaction costs associated with putting the bridge in place and with the SEC filings and banking fees.  For the year-to-date, $493 million, we received $875 million in dropdown proceeds. Year-to-date we’ve repurchased $192 million between warrants and shares. We had about a $60 million margin call. This is where we posted cash instead of LCs, because there is a benefit. It was cheaper to post the cash and so we converted it from an LC to cash.  We made a pension contribution of $50 million and then we had about $83 million in working capital and other items. So again KMR was about $69 million. The difference between the cash taxes and the metric was $189 millions. Of course the one-time items were $89 million use on distributions we receive and dividends we paid, about a $72 million use and then we had about $39 million in terms of transaction costs, debt issue cost associated with refinancing our revolver earlier in the year and then the financing on the bridge and the revolver for the transaction.  So with that, I’m done. 
 : Retuning to KMI. KMI, we are declaring, the Board declared a dividend today of $0.44 per share. That is $0.001 above where we would have expected to be for the third quarter and that is why you see our guidance that we expect to exceed our $1.72 budget.  That result and a declared distribution for the nine months of $1.29, which is an 8% increase over the nine months in 2013. The $0.44 compares to cash available of $0.42, so we are slightly negative on coverage as we would have expected similar to KMP and as we tell you almost every quarter, we expect negative coverage in the second and the third quarter, positive coverage in the first and the fourth and to be approximately one time for the full year. For the nine months, the cash available of $1.29 is equivalent to the declared distribution of $1.29, so right at one times coverage.  Cash available to pay dividends, $435 million in the quarter up $11 million or 3% for the nine months, $1.34 billion up $109 million or 9%. So let me reconcile the $11 million increase in the quarter and the $109 million increase for the nine months.  In the quarter the cash coming from KMI’s investments in the MLPs, so from its GP and LP interest it was up $48 million or 8%. The cash generated from other assets was down $47 million as a result of the dropdowns, and then the combination of interest G&A and taxes was a benefit of about $10 million, meaning we had less expense in the third quarter of this year than we did in the third quarter of last year and that leaves you up about $11 million.  On the nine months, the cash coming from the MLP’s up $182 million or 10%. The cash generated from other assets are down $76 million. Again, this is a function of dropping down assets to EPB and to KMP.  And then interest G&A and taxes, the expense items are a benefit of $3 million; that’s lower G&A and interest more than offsetting higher taxes, leaving you up $109 million in the quarter. Versus our budget, we are slightly ahead of our budget in terms of cash available to pay dividends and as we said, we expect to exceed the dividends per share of $1.72.  Looking at KMIs balance sheet, we ended the quarter at $9.3 billion of debt. If you look at the fully consolidated number of $35.5 billion, that is 4.9 times on a fully consolidated basis debt to the last 12 months EBITDA and we are on target for when we closed the transaction to be at about 5.6 times as we laid out in the Investor Presentation. The change in debt in the quarter is up $54 million. It’s down a little under $500 million, $493 million year-to-date. On the $54 million we posted margins of about $60 million and then we had a whole host of other items that comprise the difference to get you to $54 million increase in debt.  Those include the fact that KMR that we included in the metric as cash. We did not choose to sell those shares and so that’s a $23 million use of cash. We have a $63 million benefit from the fact that we actually paid lower capital taxes, that’s what in the metric, because we straight lined if you will the NOL that we got in the El Paso acquisition versus on a true cash tax purpose of the metric versus on a true cash tax basis we are using that up as quickly as we can.  We had about $18 million in one-time items primarily, the legacy El Paso environmental and marketing and then we had some transaction costs associated with putting the bridge in place and with the SEC filings and banking fees.  For the year-to-date, $493 million, we received $875 million in dropdown proceeds. Year-to-date we’ve repurchased $192 million between warrants and shares. We had about a $60 million margin call. This is where we posted cash instead of LCs, because there is a benefit. It was cheaper to post the cash and so we converted it from an LC to cash.  We made a pension contribution of $50 million and then we had about $83 million in working capital and other items. So again KMR was about $69 million. The difference between the cash taxes and the metric was $189 millions. Of course the one-time items were $89 million use on distributions we receive and dividends we paid, about a $72 million use and then we had about $39 million in terms of transaction costs, debt issue cost associated with refinancing our revolver earlier in the year and then the financing on the bridge and the revolver for the transaction.  So with that, I’m done. 
Richard Kinder: Okay. Thank you Kim and I might add that this will get a lot simpler. Hopefully by the next time we talk we’ll be one company instead of three. And with that Holly, we’ll open the floor for questions. 
Operator: Thank you, sir (Operator Instructions) And the first comes from Carl Kirst with BMO. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Hey Carl, how are you doing? 
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets:
 :
Rich Kinder: Okay, I think we continue to pursue this project, because we continue to see very strong interest in it and each period that we go out to survey the field and survey the market, it seems like we generate more interest from the period prior. But we haven’t been able to turn that into sufficient credit worthy country party commitments to carry the project through and allow us to put it on a backlog and actively pursue its development.  Well, we are actively pursuing its development, so the kind of the reset that we’ve done Carl is to say, what does the market really need out there. We think the market really needs about 2018 in service day and there has been a lot of talk for a while about 2017. There doesn’t seem to be much harm in the 2018 in-service date and so we’ve adjusted our spend and our development work. That moves us to 2018 in service, but it allows us to continue the development of the project at a lower coast as we pursue abandonment on the Tennessee Gas Pipeline System. So I think the short answer is it still looks like a very viable project. We are still working it very hard. We found a way to continue to develop the project as the market matures into it and that’s what we expect to happen.  We do as you pointed out, always have the option of going to a Southbound Tennessee hall. It’s not a large amount of capacity that this line represents and so I think it’s a much more attractive opportunity for us as a company to pursue the Y-Grade line and so we’ll continue to do that unit its apparent that there is not going to be sufficient commitments coming forward.  We think it’s the best long term, most efficient solution for the customers out there and we are counting on them realizing it at some point here. 
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Great and I appreciate the color and maybe just one other question. Looking at New England, I think obviously a very big potential project. Correct me if I’m wrong. My recollection is that at least on the market piece, the LDCs have signed up for roughly 0.5 Bcf/d and you all were just in filing for Maine and I guess depending on if they bite that might be something that could potentially push you over the commercial transom. And my question is how long do you think that process takes for the state of Maine to evaluate that satiation. Is this a first quarter, second quarter ’15, just any kind of zip code you might have. 
Rich Kinder: Well Carl, this is Rich. Its complicated a bit by the fact that the Chairman is leaving at the of the year. That said, there seems to be a great deal of interest by the State of Maine in pursuing this project and we are working with them and pushing them to get a decision just as quickly as we can.  We are working there towards critical mass. We haven’t put it in the backlog yet and won’t until we get that critical mass. We are working with a number of customers for additional capacity and that project again looks just certainly something that’s needed for New England and we are also looking very seriously at our ability to reroute certain parts of that to obviate some of the uproar we’ve had in the Berkshires about where our pipeline is running.  We think we found solutions to rout the great bulk of it along the light of way, which would not be as disturbing as the original plan was. We think the original plan took into account the needs and issues with the potential neighbors, but we are going back to drawing board a bit on that and we’ll be looking. We haven’t filed the final rout yet. We’ll be looking to do that as we move forward.  So that’s a project that again we continue to move forward on, but we obviously have to see the critical mass before we put that in the backlog and announce it as a definite go project. 
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Understood. Those are my questions and meant to pass on my congrats to Kim, so I’ll do that now. 
Kim Dang : Thanks Carl. 
Rich Kinder: Thank you, Carl. 
Operator: Thank you and the next question is from Ted Durbin with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 
Rich Kinder: Hey Ted, how are you?
Ted Durbin - Goldman Sachs: Hey Rich, I’m doing well thanks. Maybe just start with the moving oil prices here and can you give us an update on where your hedge percentages are as we look out for the next one to three years. And maybe also sensitivity analysis on say $1 move in oil prices. How will that impact DCF for 2015? 
Steve Kean: Okay, so for 2015 right now we have about 64% hedged at a price of 90.53, 2016 we are 46% hedged, a price of 85.86; for 2017 we are 33% hedged at a price of 83.14 and for 2017 we are 17% hedged at 83.80.  By the time we get to the end of this year, the beginning of next year, we would expect to be about 80% hedged on 2015, which would leave our sensitivity similar to what it has been in prior years of about $7 million in DCF per dollar change in the barrel of oil. 
Ted Durbin - Goldman Sachs: Great. That’s very helpful thanks. Next question is just on the shareholder vote here. Maybe its sounds like its been delayed a little bit more than what we have thought it was going to be, anything there? And then as you talk to the KMP unit holders in particular, where is your level of confidence in terms of getting that majority vote you need. 
Rich Kinder: Well, let me say first of all, its not delayed. We said sometime late in the fourth quarter. We would be happen if we can say we are hopeful. We are moving it forward to get it ready for Thanksgiving.  And I’m going to turn it over to David Michaels. David, you want to take them through the analysis of the KMP unit holders. 
David Michaels: Hey Ted. The way to remind you, the way with the KMR voters, shareholders will be able to direct their I-units (ph) to vote in the KMP unit holder vote. So that represents about 28% of the total KMP unit quarter base and if you break it down and use some reasonable estimates on how institutional KMR holders will vote and how KMR retail holders will vote, we think that that will represent about 22% of KMPs votes.  If you add on top of that KMP insider votes and KMIs ownership of KMP that gets you to about 30% of the total votes that we think is reasonably assured vote for the transactions. That would leave us with about 97 million units needed to get us to the 51% level and that’s 97 million units out of about 300 million units remaining outside of those contingencies that we just walked through.  And of the 297 million that remain, and we need 97 million out of, 90 million of those are institutional owners and we think that those are going to turn out overwhelmingly in favor of the transactions. We feel pretty comfortable that we’re going to be able to get there, but we are not taking it for granted. We are going through a very thorough proxy solicitation process once the S-4 is deemed effective.
Ted Durbin - Goldman Sachs: Very, very helpful. Thank you for the detail. And then if I can get one more in, obviously you had a sort of big sell off in kind of the market here, including some of the mid-stream assets. I’m just wondering if you are seeing any even better opportunities potentially out there now, given some of the asset values maybe a little lower than where they were before.
Rich Kinder: I think in the long run if there’s a potential, possibly for it to be beneficial in exactly that way, but its certainly too early to predict. You guys see where this thing settles out and of course the mid-stream sector rallied pretty nicely this afternoon and KMI was up about I guess close to 3% or 2.5% as were a number of other energies. So we’ll just have to see where it is, but certainly I think in the long run the outcome of this will be asset values might change a bit, that would give an opportunity for a company like Kinder Morgan to link more acquisitions.
Ted Durbin - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you very much. I’ll leave it at that.
Rich Kinder: Thank you, Ted.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Shneur Gershuni with UBS. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Good afternoon.
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: Hi, good afternoon everyone and congratulations Kim. I was just wondering if you can sort of take a step back from specifically talking about micro issues with KMI. As Ted just mentioned, the markets been challenging in the last few weeks. We had this big decline in oil and just we’ve seen these steep declines in the past.  I was wondering if you can sort of walk us through the discussion process that you have with producers before you start the contingent process. Talk us through maybe how they think about short term pricing trends versus long term pricing trends as they establish their CapEx and how they come to you in terms of how you provide solutions in terms of resolving bottlenecks and so forth, and how we should be thinking about CapEx given the short term volatility that we’ve seen.
Rich Kinder: Well, first of all of course we are talking about a broad range of projects here ranging from CO2 supply contracts on one hand to natural gas and products pipeline projects on the other.  With regard to most of our mid-stream pipeline issues, we don’t see much change as a result of lower prices. In fact you could make in contrary an argument that a lower deck of prices on crude and NGLs will have a positive effect on people ramping up petrochemical usage in the months and years to come.  So I don’t think that’s a negative on our ability to as you put it, get around these bottlenecks and resolve the issues and clearly so much of it now as Steve pointed out is returning to demand pull for this; the ONG users, the petrochemical users and other users, other users from the demand side.  Now I think it’s a different issue on the CO2 side and there we’ve looked very carefully at what we think are sort of clearing prices and this is going to vary widely with who the producer is and what needs they have, but let me start by saying that we have floors on the great bulk of our contracts. So while there is some movement up and down with the oil and that’s part of the $7 million per $1 that Kim was referring to, we do have floors across the board on that. If you then look at, well what does it really take in the Permian Basin for people to longer drill, we think from the standpoint of a flood that’s already going, just incremental CO2, to expand the flood is probably in the $40 to $45 range. We think for instituting a new flood in the Permian Basin and this is based on our own experience at SACROC, we think its probably closer to $60. Now let me say it again, that’s going to vary with the acreage; that’s going to vary with the producer, but what it says to us is that CO2 floods are certainly economic at prices well below where the current price of oil is and so that’s I think certainly something that we will watch very carefully on a going forward basis, both on the S&T side of our CO2 operation and obviously on the OR side. But so far this is not a big issue for us in terms of what’s moving forward with our projects in our view at this time.
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: Thank you Rich for that perspective. Just two quick follow-up questions. You sort of talked about the closing of your shadow backlog to backlog in the prepared remarks. I was wondering if you can sort of give us a sense of maybe shadow backlogs today with incremental projects added to the shadow backlog or do they just buy what’s beneath the cross.
Rich Kinder: Yes. I mean if you look at the projects that I mentioned as I went through each of the business units and just added all those up, on an ADH basis that’s about $15 million to $16 million, actually probably $15 billion to $17 billion when you take the ranges into account and that included Palmetto, the Y-grade line, NEB, one other one, what’s that? 
Steve Kean: Yes, Gulf LNG.
Rich Kinder: Yes. So I think that’s a substantial part of it. Some of this will have some overlap, but I think in the gas curve we about an $18 billion, a shadow backlog that will double up on NEB and Gulf LNG in that respect. So there are a lot of projects out there that we’re pursuing and they have some reasonably probability associated with them. Its just that they are not high enough probability for us to call them sort of near sure things.  But that’s the order of magnitude and we continue to – those are some of the big ones, the four that I called out are some of the big ones. There’s a lot of smaller projects in the terminal sector, things in CO2 that we’re looking at, the products pipeline, there continues to be a number of projects for build out there.  So again, I think the environment is just very good for us and I think we are very close to turning a couple more of those on the backlog, moving them from one to the other, but just didn’t quite get there this quarter, but I think may make some progress here in the coming quarter.
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: Okay. And one last final question if I may. You certainly talked about contract renewals at the beginning all on gas lines. Have you seen any trends towards producers who are going to take the longer-term contract renewals versus what typically would do on a renewal. Is there sort of any lengthening that’s going on, as well as are you seeing that from a pricing perspective.
Rich Kinder: Yes, I’ll turn it to Tom Martin for that.
Tom Martin: Yes, we definitely are. I mean I think you have to look at it on a regional basis, but clearly the activity that we are seeing out west on the AT&G, we are seeing both producers and end users stepping into longer term agreements on existing capacity and also sponsoring expansion projects.  Certainly Tennessee Gas we’re seeing much of that driver to this point being producer orientated, both on existing capacity and on expansion capacity. But I think really not to say that that’s part of the expansion and growth we’ve seen in there, but we’re certainly seeing a shift towards more on the market side now going forward than what we had seen over say the last year to year and a half and I think evidenced by really the last two quarters of all projects being sponsored predominantly more on the market side, in LNG as well as Mexico Exports and I think we’ll start to see power and industrial expansion related projects in the coming quarter.
Rich Kinder: Yes and sort of the symbolic of that is what we announced yesterday afternoon. We have two new projects on the gas group side. 500 a day going to – I still want to call it MGI, its Mixed Gas now, long-term contract. That’s on top of – in excess of 500 a day that we signed up several months ago.  So that’s a little over $1 billion a day going into Mexico on long term contracts, just to cross our systems and then we also announced yesterday, associated with that on that Lone Star project another 300 a day, which we have an end user signed up for that capacity and in fact that may even be at large just as we go through the open season, but what we announced yesterday was just that we would perceive with the 300, we have enough to make it a valid project. So that’s the kind of end user demand we are seeing and its definitely linking the terms.  I think we are even seeing people as capacity comes up and an open – on the bid situation where they have a low for, they now have to bid longer term in order to protect that capacity. People are saying I think that this capacity in general is only going to get more valuable as time goes on, as all these demand side projects come online.
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: Great. Thank you very much for that perspective guys and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from Mark Reichman with Simmons & Co. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Hi Mark. How are you?
Mark Reichman - Simmons & Co.: Good, good, thank you. See with respect to the announced expansions at Pasadena and Galena Park, I was just wondering how you think about export opportunities in general in order with the LPGs, with iron products and even process comments.  So I mean as you serve a existing storage and loading capacity, where do you think opportunities remain unfulfilled and also in light of a number of international refinery additions that are designed to yield ultra low sulfur diesel for export, how deep is the market? Do you think they’ll accept growing our fine products exports from the US?
Rich Kinder: We’re right in the middle of all of that and what we announced yesterday certainly involves that area Steve.
Steven Kean: Yes, so what we announced yesterday has significant tank expansion underwritten with some newly executed contracts from one shipper in particular and we had some previously executed contract and also includes an expansion of a ship dock to get out exactly what your talking about. I’m not sure that I can give you better numbers than what you can read other places in terms of what the demand is going to be for additional export capacity, but what I can tell you is that we are seeing people increasingly interested in capacity that they can get to a dock line and we have perhaps the biggest refined products storage position on the Houston Ship Channel and the combination of our Pasadena and Galena Park facilities and with some expansion at Bosco as well and we are expanding ship docks and we are expanding barge docks throughout that complex. So there is a lot of demand for that.  We’ve got on a smaller scale a project that we are looking at in our Fairless Hills Terminal in the Philadelphia area that would involve LPG export and I think those are the two big locations that your going to see the demand. You’re going to see in the Houston Ship Channel. We’ve got all that refined product capacity and a little bit on the North East where people are looking for ways to get the liquids product out of the Marcellus and Utica to overseas markets. So what that aggregate number turns out to be, I don’t know, but we didn’t use to charge for or be able to charge for access to our docks and now we are charging for access to our docks and it is an extremely valuable bridge between the inter United States and the world market for refined products. So demand is going up. How far up it goes, who knows, but we base our judgments on what shippers are willing to commit to and we are seeing an up-tick in those commitments. 
Rich Kinder: And I think right now and frankly I haven’t updates these numbers this quarter, but I think we believe we are handling something between a quarter and a third of all the refined products exported across the Houston and Belmont area. And then I think its also instructed that this storage is just so important and growing so dramatically and to put some numbers to that.  I believe with this project that we announced yesterday on internals, I think that when completed will take the Galena Park project that combined Pasadena, Galena Park project over 30 million barrels of storage and if you add up everything we’ve got on the Houston Ship Channel, I think when that’s completed we’ll be slightly over 40 million barrels of storage.  So that’s a really tremendous position to be in when you have the kind of need for export, the need for avoiding volatility and pricing. We think this storage is just going to be more and more valuable and we’re seeing that in the market.
Mark Reichman - Simmons & Co.: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Next question from Darren Horowitz with Raymond James & Associates. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Hi Darren, how are you?
Darren Horowitz - Raymond James & Associates: Hey fine. Thanks Rich. Hope your doing well and Kim, congratulations on the appointment to the office of the Chairman.  Just a couple of quick questions. The first, on TGP when I’m thinking about broad run and the associated expansions you laid out, post anterior anchor commitment, if I start thinking about Rose Lake in Connecticut and the other initiatives that your working, is it fair to assume that there is going to be at lease to be, if not 1.2 bcf a day that could be hitting that West Virginia receive point and moving down to those delivery points in Mississippi and Louisiana. Because in looking at basis, specifically Tech OM2 and Dominion South and Olivia (ph), it would like that’s probably one of the biggest areas for you guys to invest incremental capital.
Steve Kean: Yes, I mean I think we have started taking a look at what our next big project would be. I think it really boils down to what is the clearing price in the market for an incremental expansion, but I think there’s more volume that wants to move southbound. We are seeing some customer interests and diversify some into Canada and saw we one other project announced yesterday into Chicago.  So I think customers are looking at our portfolio approach, but I think as I’ve said in other quarters, I think from our perspective we are needing a market-playing price north of $1 I think to the incremental projects to the Gulf Coast. At least the initial feedback we’re getting at this point is as I said, probably still a little bit on the high side.
Darren Horowitz - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. And then Rich, if I could go back to an earlier comment that you made regarding the northeast energy direct project and rerouting that or moving along the existing rights away, is that the variance between the original cost estimates that you outlined of $6 billion and the new forecast of $4.5 billion to $5 billion or has there been any change to the scale or the scope of either Phase I or the second phase initiative into Massachusetts?
Rich Kinder: No, there really hasn’t. We just kind of refined the costs and got it to a more likely area of what we think the spin would actually be in the $4.5 billion to $5 billion as a result of that, kind of pinning down where we think the real construction will come out.  Actually the rerouting would be an increased cost as part of that, something in that same range, but would be a net increase, because we have a few models of pipe. But on the other hand we would avoid most of the section 97 land in Massachusetts and just be largely along the utility write away. But we are still looking at that and we’re in the midst of doing that.
Darren Horowitz - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. And then last question from me Steve, regarding CO2, if you could, could you quantify what that current Midland-to-Cushing differential could have on annual cash flow if it stayed at this level. I’m just trying to get an idea for the sensitivity for every dollar per barrel moving that spread.
Steven Kean: Yes, I don’t really have a sensitivity for you for that. I can tell you that we’ve been actively putting hedges on for 2015 at levels that are, call it $4 better than what your seeing in the current market right now.
Darren Horowitz - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Rich Kinder: Thank you Darren.
Operator: Next is Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers. Your line is open.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers: Thanks.
Rich Kinder: Hi, how are you doing?
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers: Very good. Thanks Rich and congrats Kim. A couple of quick ones here; does the $2 billion effect of quarterly increase in your gross backlog favorably impact I believe your just over 9% combined enterprise EBITDA, five-year tagger (ph) through 2020 that was noted in your S1. I’m just trying to see what’s baked in that and where do we start getting incremental?
Rich Kinder: Kim.
Kim Dang: No, I think that backlog is – we actually still have some unidentified in that five year plan. Obviously that eats away at that, but it’s not going to be incremental at this point to the 9% growth.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers: Okay. Once we start getting through the backlog that was included in that guidance, if you guys can give us a heads up at anything new that is incremental, that would be great.
Kim Dang: Sure.
Rich Kinder: We’ll do that.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers: And can you provide some more color around the continued growth in SACROC. You kind of referred to it, but not much detail and also the Yates NGL flooding time set and the latest ROZ updates. 
Rich Kinder: I’ll turn that over to Jim Wuerth. He runs our CO2 operation. Jim?
Jim Wuerth: Yes, in SACROC I guess three main areas that we’ve had real good success with the horizontal wells that we are using as the injectors of CO2, we are getting good response from those. So the bypass wells that we kind of talked about in the past, it looked like that’s going to be a real good outcome for SACROC, so that’s one.  Two, with the seismic we have, initially I think we said we’d have about five or six pinch out wells that we’d be able to identify in infields and drill. We drilled 22 of those now. I think those are running about 1,100 barrels a day higher than we had anticipated. We have several more of those identified as the seismic prophecy continues to get better.  The other area I think just (inaudible) infields, we’ve done a couple of those. We’ve been very encouraged with that, with one of them starting out close to 700 barrels a day. Back early in the year still producing 400 barrels a day. The second one coming on is over 400 barrels a day, so a lot of opportunities there.  We continue to look at fringe areas. We know we got few more programs out there that are up in the platform where we’ll add on some there and around some differences around the, both the east and the west side of SACROC. So just continue that opportunities at SACROC that we are finding there and I think we’ll continue to find more as we go forward.  At Yates on the hydrocarbon municipal we had – the good and the bad news there is we thought we’d have a test, putting some NGLs down into the gas cap in the third quarter. The problem we had is we needed a baseline and we got the first well we picked. The first oil there we are producing, its currently still producing about 350 barrels a day on it.  So what that has done its opened up another opportunity for us to look at this purchased oil and we are doing that. We are taking some wells in there and actually perping and picking up some of those purchased oil. So I guess its a great opportunity there.  I think now we have identified a couple of wells where the well bore integrity is really good. We think we can get the base line fairly quickly. We hope to do the injection of the NGLs in the fourth quarter. 
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers: We will see some results coming in. 
Rich Kinder: On the ROZ, I’d like to continue on the ROZ. We have 10 other wells drilled at this point in time, facilities that are going in. We would still expect bringing the actually injection a little bit forward. We are hopping to start injecting by November 15 and we’d have all in production facilities up and running to go by late December. They will handle any gas or fluid that come out the other side. So we would expect to see some results on this by the end of first quarter 2015. 
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers: Okay, and the final results here on the NGL flooding. Is that a first half event? 
Rich Kinder: On the NGL flooding we have not even had a chance to flood it yet. That’s why I said that will be fourth quarter in this year. 
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers: Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Operator:  John Edward with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder:  Hey John, how are you doing?  
John Edward - Credit Suisse : Good afternoon Rich. Doing well and I also want to say congrats to Kim as well. So just – maybe I missed it, but what’s your sort of range, your total shadow backlog right now? 
Rich Kinder: Well, I think Steve said when you get into the shadow backlog John, its very difficult to identify it, but I think the number he said was $15 billion to $17 billion. 
Steve Kean: Yes, that was just the projects that I mentioned. A different way of looking at it is if you look in the gas group alone its $18 billion. I don’t think we’ve calculated or identified a specific one for each of the other business units though John, so I mean its got to be 20 plus, but we haven’t articulated that.
John Edward - Credit Suisse : Okay. So $18 billion in the gas group alone, but the $15 billion to $17 billion… 
Steve Kean: That included some of the gas projects John. So, I mean if you wanted to look at $18 billion in gas and then look at the non-gas projects, that would be another $1.1 billion or so, 88s on the Palmetto project and then the Y-Grade project is, call it a little over $3 billion. And again, those are 88s numbers. Don’t take into account if we ended up – we don’t have one today, but if we ended up with JV Partners on those.  So that’s another $4 billion-plus on top on Tom’s $18 billion and that’s just in the products group and we haven’t – again, we have not gone out and calculated and compiled a shadow backlog for Terminals for example or even full done one for products. So we kind of sum it up. The prospects are very good and we’ll go knock these things down when they get in front of us and go from there. 
John Edward - Credit Suisse : So if I add that, I could characterize it as a round number, something like call it $20 billion to $24 billion of shadow. 
Steve Kean: I mean I would say north of $20 billion you know. I don’t know how far north, okay. 
John Edward - Credit Suisse : All right, just kind of helps us to think about that. And then so, I mean you sort of answered this earlier, but so in light of all the volatility in the market, you are not really seeing anybody. You are not really seeing this impact, your discussions on potential projects or impact interest in terms of yield future going forward. You are not really seeing any delays or deferrals or anything like that given the market volatility. 
Rich Kinder: We are not seeing that thus far. 
Steve Kean: And to Rich’s point earlier, it doesn’t mean that you won’t see some of that on the producer side, some harder hit producers maybe. But lower prices are going to be very bullish for the demand side, which is where we still have – we have to see the full needs come to market to sign up for the firm, transport and storage commitments that they are going to need to serve in. 
John Edward - Credit Suisse : Okay, that’s very helpful. And as far as when you consolidate close and everything, the guidance that you’ve put out there is basically 16% dividend growth in 2015, 10% thereafter and I think you premised that on just roughly $3.5 billion spend per year. So assuming some of these shadow projects become a reality, so that effectively you are saying there is potentially upside to those numbers, is that a fair characterization? 
Kim Dang: The $3.6 billion per year did not include Trans Mountain. You got to add that on to get to your total. 
Rich Kinder: But I think you can see from all these projects John, that’s why we are comfortable with thinking that that level of capital expenditure, which is pretty consistent as well with anything is certainly attainable and if anything you know that as I said in the beginning of my remarks, we’re seeing some of the opportunities (inaudible) infrastructure are better than they – they keep getting better.  Now I think Steve and Tom and I have all said, we can’t predict the future and there maybe some impact on particularly some of the smaller producers. We have not seen that yet, but certainly we think the demand is going to be the big driver in the future and they actually improve as a result of lower prices, if indeed the prices stay low and certainly what we saw in the natural gas side. 
John Edward - Credit Suisse : Okay. And then just lastly sir, and you’re still thinking sort of 5 to 5.5 times leverage for the consolidated entity; I mean at least for 2020 or so that’s still the plan. 
Rich Kinder: Yes. 
John Edward - Credit Suisse : Okay, great. That’s all I had, thank you very much. 
Rich Kinder: Thank you John. 
Operator: Next question is from Becca Followill with U.S. Capital Advisors. Your line is open. 
Rich Kinder: Hi Becca, how are you? 
Becca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors: I’m good, thank you. Better this afternoon than I have been in the last couple of days. Can you talk about just on – back on Trans Mountain, The Burnaby issues and the latest route to tunnel under the mountain and the delays; does it have any impact on the cost estimate at this point? 
Rich Kinder: Ian Anderson, President of Kinder Morgan Canada is in the room, Ian. 
Ian Anderson: Yes, no Bec, its not going to have a material cost impact from the overall project whatsoever. A little bit more spending up front to do the assessment of the geology of the mountain, but its not significant. 
Becca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors: Great, thank you. And then there’s been an amazing number of new pipeline announcements just in the last six months and when we look at the last build out cycle we had in ’08, ’09 there was a lot of cost over runs. How are you guys planning differently in this cycle given kind of what we went through in the last time in a number of announcements. 
Rich Kinder: Yes, now that’s a very good question Becca. I think first of all we are looking very, very carefully at our cost in terms of escalation, both of materials, but more importantly putting into our estimate adequate cost escalation of a labor side. I think that’s extremely important.  If you look across our business units right now, on all the projects we are working on, Steve kind of alluded to this, actually products on all the projects that they are working on is actually running about 1.5% below the original estimates. Natural gas is right on. CO2 is right on and the only place we’ve had overruns is on Terminals, primarily some of our Canada projects and that’s between 6% to 7% over run. So we have not seen any dramatic issues thus far.  The second thing that’s important about just really watching and getting your estimates right is trying to get a sharing mechanism with your shippers on some of the more inflation prone areas. For example, on the Trans Mountain we have some sharing arrangements on construction costs in the lower Mainland, this Burnaby would be an example of that.  We have some sharing costs on the cost of First Nations involvement and that’s what we are trying to build in in various projects. There is nothing perfect here and its something that I think is going to be a challenge to the industry and the industry is going to have to watch it very, very carefully. 
Becca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors: Can you say what escalators you have built in?
Rich Kinder: It varies with the project and specifically with the geographic location. Obviously you build in the higher escalators in geographic areas where you don’t have access to as many competitors in a particular subcontracting area. So it varies all over the longer part, but we think we are building in adequate incremental numbers as we go forward. 
Becca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors: Thanks and then the last question is just on this SFPP settlement. Does this finally put to bed all of this long-standing litigation? 
Rich Kinder: It does we think. It has to be approved by the CPUC. They fast-tracked it and we expect it will be approved, but obviously it has to be approved by the commission.  Yes, it does, and in fact we have a three-year moratorium on rates on the SFPP system on the CPUC portion of the intra-state portion. So yes, we think that does put it to bed and as we said in the press release, I think we detailed, the details out really. 
Becca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors: So we can take 10 pages out of the 10-K then. 
Rich Kinder: I certainly hope so Becca; that’s a good catch. 
Becca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors: Right. Thank you. 
Rich Kinder: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you and our last question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan. Your line is open. 
Rich Kinder: Hi Jeremy, how are you? 
Jeremy Tonet - JP Morgan: Hi, great and my congratulations as well to Kim. At the risk of getting ahead of myself a bit here, I was just wondering if you could provide us kind of an M&N wish list in terms of what areas of midstream you’d like to expand into.  Well, I guess the question is it seems on the Nat Gas Pipeline side, I imagine you might run-up into antitrust considerations. I’m just wondering what are the parts of midstream you might want to spend in more. Just any color that you’d be willing to share would be great. 
Rich Kinder: I think the color we would be willing to share is we are looking at all realistic opportunities across the spectrum in all of the businesses that we are in. 
Jeremy Tonet - JP Morgan: That makes sense. Fair enough. Figured I’d try, thanks. 
Rich Kinder: Okay, well that looks like that’s the last question. Thank you all very much and have a good evening and we appreciate you spending the last hour and a half with us. 
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-18 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the quarterly earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. And I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Chairman and CEO of Kinder Morgan. Sir, you may begin.
Richard D. Kinder: Okay, thank you, Anna. As usual, welcome to the Kinder Morgan Second Quarter Investor Call. As usual, we'll be making statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Overall, it was another strong quarter for the Kinder Morgan Companies. Looking at the full year, now that we're halfway through it, we expect all 3 companies, KMI, KMP and EPB, to meet or exceed their distribution targets for the full year 2014. Let me cover just a few significant matters and then I'll turn the call over to Steve Kean, our Chief Operating Officer, who will talk in more detail about our operating performance and the growth in our backlog of new projects; and then we'll turn it over to Kim Dang, our CFO, who will go through the detailed financial numbers for the quarter and year-to-date. On the operating performance side, we had a continued very strong performance from our largest segment, our Natural Gas Pipeline segment, primarily as a result of very good performance at Tennessee Pipeline, El Paso Natural Gas and also positive results from the Copano acquisition, which was made a little over a year ago. In our Products Pipeline segment, our refined products volumes were up again this quarter, up 6.5%. That seems like a very strong number, but that is a little misleading because it includes the volumes on our new Parkway Pipeline project. If you strip that out and go to what I would call a same-store basis, it's -- our volumes for refined products are up 4.4%. That's still about double the EIA number for the second quarter, which was 2.3%. Also in that segment, our new Cochin Reversal project began service on July 1, on time and on budget. In our CO2 segment, we recorded record CO2 production in our source fields in Southwest Colorado, and we had growing oil production led by a 7% increase at our SACROC Unit in the Permian Basin. In our Terminals segment, we had solid growth in earnings before DD&A. About 60% of that was organic, with the balance coming from -- primarily from our APT Tanker acquisition, which we closed in January of this year. Now on the business development front, we had another very productive quarter. Steve will discuss the project backlog, which increased to $17 billion. That's a net increase of $600 million from the first quarter, even after removing from the backlog $700 million in projects that went into service during the quarter, which means that we added about $1.3 billion to the backlog in the second quarter. The bulk of that came in our Natural Gas Pipeline business. Now in the first quarter call, I talked about the tremendous increase in demand for natural gas transportation. Given the increase in demand and the disconnect between where that demand is located, primarily the Gulf Coast, and where much of the new supply is being developed, primarily the Northeast, Marcellus, Utica, that leads to great opportunities, we believe, at Kinder Morgan, where we move about 1/3 of all the natural gas consumed in the United States through our 70,000 miles of gas pipeline. I'm a huge believer, as some of you know, in anecdotal evidence, and there were 2 interesting pieces of anecdotal evidence that surfaced this week. The EIA said on Monday that Marcellus production will be at 15.5 billion Bcf per day in August, and they projected it will surpass Qatar's gas production in September. Now Qatar is the world's third-largest producer of natural gas. I think that gives you an idea of the extent of the production ramp-up that's occurring in the Marcellus. In another matter, another estimate of CapEx of -- estimated to be needed to transport all of this rapidly increasing natural gas production, came from the Inga Foundation this week, and they estimated that there would need to be $114 billion spent on gas infrastructure between now and 2020. Again, 2 more indicia that support the idea I've been talking about, which is this tremendous opportunity to build additional natural gas infrastructure to move this gas around the country from the place it's produced to the place it's really needed. Now putting that into perspective at the Kinder Morgan Companies, we talked about some of this back in the first quarter call. But if you look across the KMP, KMI and EPB gas pipelines, you go back to the beginning of December 2013 until now, we've secured commitments of slightly in excess of 3.5 Bcf a day. These are long-term firm commitments to natural gas transportation capacity. Further, we have now another approximately 1.7 Bcf a day of pending transactions. The majority of this 1.7 is related to third-party LNG facilities, all of which are credible LNG export projects. Now these LNG commitments, together with another approximately 300 million of other per day -- of other pending commitments would bring the total long-term capacity signed up across Kinder Morgan's gas pipelines to approximately 5.3 Bcf per day since the beginning of December. Now to put that in context for you, that represents over 7% of the current daily U.S. natural gas demand. So it's a very significant, very important number. Now among the many projects in the planning stage but not in the backlog is our Northeast Energy Direct Project, where we are targeting execution of preceding agreements during the third quarter. This is a very significant project, and it could move 1 Bcf a day or more from the Marcellus supply area across New York and New England to Dracut, Massachusetts. Again, we expect to have Preston [ph] agreements -- preceding agreements by the end of this quarter. Now the horse is not in the corral yet, but we wanted to make you aware of the potential of that very large project. And we detail the status and progress on numerous other expansion projects and some acquisitions in our earnings releases, including our own LNG projects, additional infrastructure for NGL and crude and condensate transportation and the development of additional CO2 supply for the booming Permian Basin. I won't go into all the detail on all of these, but we're confident that our expansion opportunities will be real growth drivers for years to come at the Kinder Morgan Companies. And with that, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steven J. Kean: All right, thanks, Rich. We'll start with the backlog. We've been providing quarterly updates for the backlog of our high probability expansion projects for a couple of years now. In this quarter's update, we increased the backlog from $16.4 billion to $17 billion, and that number is combined across KMP, EPB and KMI, so we added $600 million to the backlog, but we were putting in service over the quarter $700 million of projects. So our project additions of about $1.3 billion grew the backlog, while we rolled some of those offsetting projects into service. Of the projects that went into service, the bigger ones were the Terminals group's $250 million BOSTCO project in the Houston Ship Channel; 51 tanks where we completed construction of those in the quarter. The Gas group put into service about $200 million worth of projects, including the first phase of our expansion of southbound capacity on the TGP system. We also had about $115 million worth of projects come into service in the CO2 segment. So overall, the Gas group and the Terminals group led the way. On a net basis, Gas added about $500 million to the backlog, again at KMP and EPB, and Terminals had a net addition of about $200 million. We also added -- we keep track of how we're doing in filling in kind of the middle years of the backlog. We added about $500 million to the backlog for the years 2015 and 2016. Generally, we have a backlog that's front-end loaded for the projects we're working on in the near term and then back-end loaded for our big projects, Trans Mountain and EPB's liquefaction-related projects at Elba. As we proceed, we expect to keep adding those middle years. And if you look back a year ago, the second quarter of 2014, from then until now, we've added $2 billion worth of projects to 2015 and '16 along the way. So again, continuing to show that as we work our way through time, we continue to add to those middle years. So bottom line is we're continuing to find new opportunities and they're more than offsetting the projects that we're putting into service. Backlog is growing. That's a result of the great opportunities we're seeing really across the North American natural gas, oil and condensate network. Now I'm going to go through the segments individually. And here, I'll compare really year-over-year, so second quarter of 2013 to second quarter of 2014, talk about it on a segment earnings before DD&A basis, and then cover some of the key developments. Starting with gas, KMP earnings before DD&A was up $76 million or 13% year-over-year. That's driven by the year-over-year impact of Copano. We had a May 2013 close on that asset. Also, strong performance at TGP; about $41 million associated with TGP itself. And those 2 factors were offsetting declines at EagleHawk gathering and in KM treating in our midstream business unit. At EPB, the earnings before DD&A was up $22 million. Now that's adding back joint venture DD&A to get that year-over-year change. And here, the rate case impacts on SNG and WIC, plus some weaker renewal rates on the WIC system, were more than offset by the benefits of the drop-downs of Ruby and Gulf LNG from KMI to EPB. The key development here, as Rich mentioned, is the demand for long-term firm transport capacity. And really, essentially all the trends that we've been watching and talking about for years, whether that's LNG exports or the growing shale production or exports to Mexico, all those things that we've been watching materialize and grow over these years are now turning into firm, long-term commitments. So those trends have ripened enough that people are now putting ink on paper and signing up to multiyear agreements for significant amounts of capacity. And that has a couple of facts. If you look at the 5.3 Bcf Kinder Morgan-wide that Rich pointed out, over 700 million of that is existing system capacity that was previously unsold. And a significant part of the expansion projects make use of the existing system as well. So what that means is these things, this trend, this capacity sign-up is driving not only investment opportunities for us, it's also driving values on our existing system. And we're not through yet, we think. If you look at -- I talked about the trends that have really manifested themselves and turned into firm transport contracts, there are other trends that we're all aware of that have not fully translated into firm transport agreements yet. So they haven't fully played out. For example, growth in natural gas-fired power demand, increasing conversions from coal to natural gas, et cetera, on the power demand side. Also, industrial demand and petchem demand. We are starting to see in our Midstream group customers in the industrial side signing up for some slightly longer-term commitments as they see demand for capacity in the future increasing, but there are -- you can read these estimates. Some of them are mind-boggling, but $100 billion of investment in Louisiana alone, tens of billions of dollars in Texas, well over $100 billion across the Gulf Coast. And we're just on the front edge of that. So I think there's more to come in terms of what our network will be called upon to do. The other big thing is that I think some of these trends, particularly power demand but also LNG, they're going to become consumers of storage. And storage values have been depressed. And I think we're at the beginning of seeing some of that turn around as well. Now it's not all good news. There are difficult basis spreads in some parts of the country still, particularly in the Rockies region. But overall, the trend is very good and the performance year-over-year is very strong. Turning to CO2. Earnings before DD&A is up $9 million or 3% on a year-over-year basis. There, the growth is driven by higher CO2 and oil volumes. We also had higher CO2 and NGL prices. On the oil price side, we had higher oil prices but we sell at Midland. And the Midland-to-Cushing spread really completely offset that for us. But we did experience higher CO2 and NGL prices. And on the volume side, really good growth; SACROC continues to perform extremely well, above its plan and up 7% on a year-over-year basis. Adding to that improved volumes on a year-over-year basis at Katz and the addition of the Goldsmith Unit. And those more than offset somewhat lower volumes at Yates. And looking forward, we continue to work on several large development projects to bring more CO2 to our fields and to the market as well. Turning to products. Earnings before DD&A, up $30 million or 17% on a year-over-year basis. The year-over-year improvements were at Transmix, KMCC and SFPP, and those were offsetting a decline at Cochin. Cochin, in the second quarter, we were really in the thick of physically turning the system around from being a NGL and propane north-to-south-flowing facility to a condensate south-to-north-flowing facility, which we started taking initial receipts in on July 1 on that conversion. Key developments here, improved refined products volumes year-over-year, as Rich mentioned, and ramp-up of KMCC volumes year-over-year, but also especially in the latter part of the second quarter. We covered refined volumes, but we also saw biofuel volumes go up 7% year-over-year and increased our share, if you combine what we handle in the Products group with what we handle in Terminals to 33% of the ethanol handled nationwide. Looking forward, we continue to advance the growth projects we have, primarily building off of KMCC system in the Eagle Ford Shale and our Cochin Reversal Project, and we continue work on the UTOPIA and UMTP prospects as well, although neither of those are in our backlog at this point. In the Terminals business unit, earnings before DD&A is up $36 million or 18%. That's split about 60-40 between organic growth and acquisitions. On the acquisition front, the main impact is about $12 million year-over-year attributable to the APT Jones Act vessel acquisition. On the organic side, we had some big expansions coming online, and the year-over-year uptick from that at Edmonton and BOSTCO and the Houston Ship Channel. Overall, year-over-year liquids throughput was up 8.3%, primarily crude and biofuels there. And if you look at where we stand now compared to last year, we have added capacity to the tune of 16%. We're up to 72 million barrels of liquids capacity, but our utilization has stayed essentially flat at 95%. So we're putting that capacity on, and it's getting fully utilized. On the bulk side, we saw improvement in petcoke, that's our BP Whiting expansion, also on steel volumes, offset somewhat by higher labor and utility costs. And we had weak coal volumes. It didn't really have an impact on the year-over-year financial results because we have take-or-pay contracts, but overall, volumes were weak in the coal markets, and we had expansions that came online over that period. But netting it all out, total bulk volumes were up about 2% year-over-year. During the quarter, we also added a new-build Jones Act vessel to the fleet. We'll be taking delivery in 2017. It's already under long-term charter with a major shipper. And looking forward here, as you can tell by the utilization numbers going hand-in-hand with those capacity increases or in spite of, if you will, those capacity increases, we continue to see very strong demand for liquid storage and handling, particularly in Houston and Edmonton. That bodes well for expansion but also for our renewal rates going forward. And some of those expansions are kind of the traditional tanks and terminal-ing facilities but also seeing expansions in crude-by-rail opportunities. And again, the hub of those things is in Edmonton and the Houston Ship Channel, for us, Edmonton and the Houston Ship Channel. Kinder Morgan Canada. As usual, the big story here continues to be our Trans Mountain expansion, where we're expanding our existing system from 300,000 barrels a day to 890,000 barrels we've got under long-term contracts. Those contracts' structure and the economics are all approved. We're working our way through the NEB process, and our key objectives here are complete our work, meet the NEB standards, consult with the First Nations, accommodate provincial and local authorities, et cetera. We do have one recent update here. We, yesterday, got a revised schedule order from the NEB. And essentially, the issue here that is being addressed is the last about 5 kilometers of build from Burnaby Mountain, which is where our tank farm is, down to the dock. It's a heavy urban build. We've looked at multiple routes to accommodate local concerns. And the NEB has set aside a separate kind of 6-month process to evaluate which of those routes on that last piece of the build is the most optimal. And they have allowed an extra 6 months for that process, a little over 6 months. And they extended the deadline and the procedural schedule by that same 6.5 or 6 months and 3 weeks from what was going to be a July of 2015 date to a January of 2016 date. So that will have an impact on the schedule. That will have a delay, cause a delay of the schedule, but we don't know what the magnitude of it is just yet. There are a lot of hands to be played here in terms of looking at how we're going to approach construction, staging of the construction, et cetera, what we might ask for on the procedural front to try to move things along a little more quickly. We're in the early days; this just happened yesterday, in the early days of evaluating it. But -- so where we were on a very tight schedule for the very end of 2017, we feel like we are going to get pushed into 2018 with this order. It's just a question of how far, and we'll be evaluating the best way to handle that from here. All right. That's the segment update. With that, I'll turn over to Kim for the rest of the numbers.
Kimberly Allen Dang: Okay. All right. So looking at the financials on KMP on the first page of financials, which is a GAAP income statement, today, the KMP board approved a distribution per unit of $1.39, which is a $0.07 increase or 5% increase over the second quarter in 2013. That results in a year-to-date distribution per unit of $2.77, which is $0.15 or a 6% increase over the first 6 months of 2013. On the GAAP income statement, there's not a lot to focus on here from my perspective. I'll just point out one thing. You can see that net income attributable to KMP is down $339 million in the 3 months. That's largely effect -- that is the effect of certain items, with the largest of those being the $558 million revaluation gain that we had in the second quarter of 2013 when we had to revalue the second half of our Eagle Ford -- or the first half of our Eagle Ford investment at the same value, at the same price we paid for the second half that we bought in the Copano transaction. Those certain items is really why we focus your attention on the second page, which is our calculation of distributable cash flow. And obviously, we reconcile this, our distributable cash flow, back to our GAAP numbers. But DCF per unit in the quarter was $1.23, up from $1.22 in 2013, so about a 1% increase; year-to-date, $2.77, so up $0.10 or 4% from the first 6 months of 2013. The $1.23 versus the $1.39 of our declared distribution means that we have negative coverage in the quarter of about $75 million. And as we tell you every quarter, we expect to have negative coverage in the second quarter and the third quarter, positive coverage in the first and the fourth and excess coverage for the full year. Year-to-date, we are right on top of the declared distribution. We've generated $2.77 and declared $2.77, so flat coverage year-to-date. Total DCF is $561 million in the quarter. That's up $56 million or 11% versus the second quarter of 2013. Year-to-date, we generated $1.254 billion in distributable cash flow, which is up $199 million or 19% versus the first 6 months of 2013. Now I'm going to reconcile for you guys where the $56 million increase comes from for the 3 months and where the $199 million comes for the 6 months. So if you look up at the total segment earnings before DD&A, $1.478 billion in the quarter, that's up $141 million. As Steve took you through, $76 million of that is coming from natural gas. So about 50% of the $141 million is coming out the Natural Gas segment; and then Products is delivering about $30 million of the $141 million; and Terminals, $36 million of the $141 million. If you look year-to-date, segment earnings before DD&A is up; at $3.047 billion, is up $434 million or 17%. Natural gas is up $302 million, so it comprises about 70% of the $434 million in growth. And then you also have nice increases coming from CO2, Products and Terminals. Year-to-date, from total segment earnings before DD&A, we are right on top of our budget. For the full year, we expect to exceed our budget by about 1% on total segment earnings before DD&A. And let me take you through a couple of the segments. Natural gas, as we say in the press release, we expect to exceed our budget for the year, primarily based on outperformance at TGP and EPNG based on new transport contracts. CO2, we expect to be very close to this budget, to meet its budget. And there, we are -- we have a benefit from a higher WTI price, but a lot of that benefit is being offset by the negative Midland-Cushing differential that Steve mentioned earlier. On Products, we expect to come in slightly below its budget, primarily due to lower volumes than we anticipated on KMCC. And Terminals, we expect to exceed its budget, largely a function of the APT transaction. Without APT, Terminals would come in below its budget, primarily due to weaker coal volumes and some slight delays that we've had on expansion projects, some higher OpEx and some negative FX. G&A in the quarter was $136 million of expense versus $134 million in the second quarter of 2013, so about $2 million in incremental G&A in the quarter. Year-to-date, G&A is increased expense of about $28 million, and that is actually above year-to-date versus our budget. We are exceeding our budget, so G&A expense is higher than our budget year-to-date. And we expect that it'll be a little bit higher, maybe 1% higher, than our budget for the full year. So we do have some timing between the year-to-date and the full year. On interest, $233 million in the quarter; that's up. That's increased expense of $16 million in the quarter. We have an increase in interest expense of $57 million year-to-date. Almost all of that year-to-date is on balance. In the quarter, it is primarily balanced, but we do have a little bit of benefit from lower rate in the quarter. Year-to-date, of course, is our budget. Interest expense is slightly positive, and we expect to be slightly positive for the full year at this point in time. And then the last big component to get to your $58 million -- $56 million increase in distributable cash flow and the $199 million for the year, the last big piece other than the GP is the sustaining CapEx, up $29 million in the quarter, up $53 million in the year-to-date. But we are actually running behind our budget in terms of expenditure. So we're running a positive variance, but that's all going to be timing. For the full year, we think that we will be slightly ahead of our budget or spend slightly more on sustaining CapEx than we budgeted, largely because of the APT acquisition which was not in our budget. And then the GP incentive in the quarter is up $48 million; and in the year-to-date is up $100 million. And that gets you roughly -- those numbers, if you take the $141 million for the quarter and increase in earnings before DD&A, you take out $18 million of incremental expense on G&A and interest, $29 million on sustaining CapEx and $48 million on the GP, that gets you to roughly $56 million increase in the quarter. Now our budget for the full year in DCF per unit, right now, we expect that we would exceed our DCF per unit budget at KMP. So that's it for the DCF at KMP. Looking at KMP's balance sheet. KMP's total assets increased by about $1.8 billion, and that's largely a function of acquisitions and its expansion program. We ended the quarter at $20.7 billion in debt, that's about 3.7x debt-to-EBITDA, which is down slightly from the 3.8x that we ended the end of last year and where we ended the first quarter. And we expect that we will end 2014 at about 3.7x, which is consistent with our budget. Debt in the quarter increased $178 million. For the full year or for the year-to-date, it's increased $1.17 billion, so almost $1.2 billion. Let me reconcile those numbers for you. The $178 million in the quarter, we spent a little over $800 million, about $814 million between acquisitions, expansion CapEx and contributions to equity investments, with almost all of that being expansion CapEx and contributions to equity investments. We raised about $592 million in equity and then we had about $44 million in working capital and other items, largely associated with working capital source on accrued interest. Year-to-date, the $1.2 billion increase in debt or $1.17 billion are acquisitions and expansion CapEx. We spent almost $2.6 billion; that was $2.572 billion of spending. We had about $993 million year-to-date in acquisitions, with the balance of the $2.57 billion being expansion CapEx and contributions to equity investments. We raised just under $1.4 billion. So simple numbers, we spent $2.6 billion, we raised $1.4 billion. The actual number is $1.395 billion was raised in equity, and then we had a very small amount of working capital and other items to get you to the $1.17 billion change in debt year-to-date. Turning to EPB and the first page of the EPB numbers, the board today approved a cash distribution per unit of $0.65. That's up 3% from the second quarter of 2013. Year-to-date, that translates into $1.30 of distribution per unit versus $1.25 in the first 6 months of 2013 or a 4% increase. On the second page of EPB's numbers, where we go through our distributable cash flow, EPB generated distributable cash flow per unit of $0.62 in the quarter. You compare that to the $0.65 distribution, so it had negative coverage of about $6 million. It's similar to KMP. And what we tell you every quarter, we expect that EPB will have negative coverage in the second quarter and the third quarter, positive coverage in the first and the fourth and positive coverage for the full year. For the year-to-date, the DCF per unit is $1.37 per unit compared to the declared distribution of $1.30. So year-to-date, EPB has positive coverage of about $15 million. Total DCF in the quarter was $141 million. That's up $12 million or 9% versus the second quarter of 2013. For the 6 months, DCF was $304 million, up $6 million or 2%. And so now I'm going to reconcile for you the $12 million increase in the quarter and the $6 million increase year-to-date. If you look up on the top line, earnings before DD&A increased $1 million. But as Steve mentioned earlier, that doesn't tell the whole story because for our investments, we add back, down below in our calculation of DCF, JV DD&A, we subtract out JV sustaining CapEx. The reason we do this is to more closely reflect in our DCF calculation what we receive in cash distributions. So when you add back the JV DD&A down below, that's $21 million, then there's a $4 million adjustment that is negative for some deferred revenues, basically to get our DCF closer to cash. So there's about an $18 million increase coming from the assets. Likewise, on a year-to-date basis, earnings before DD&A of $605 million, that's up $3 million. That doesn't tell the whole story. If you add back the JV DD&A and subtract the other adjustments to DCF of $6 million, that also gets you to an $18 million increase year-to-date. And that's largely driven, as Steve mentioned, by the drops that we did in May, somewhat offset by the rate case impacts on WIC and SNG and the lower contractual renewals on WIC. G&A for the quarter was a $19 million expense. That is actually down from the first quarter -- or the second quarter of 2013. Year-to-date, it's an expense of $39 million, which is also down from last year about $2 million. Interest is flat in the quarter versus last year, and it's down about $2 million. And that's a result of maturities being replaced with lower rate debt, somewhat offset by the issuance that we did for the drop-downs in May. And then sustaining CapEx is flat in the quarter versus last year. It's about a $1 million increase in sustaining CapEx year-to-date. So $18 million plus the $2 million benefit on G&A or lower G&A gets you to $20 million in the quarter. The GP interest increased by $8 million as a result of the higher distribution to get you to $12 million increase at EPB. Likewise, on the year-to-date, $18 million coming from the assets, benefit of $4 million between G&A and interest, deduct $1 million on the increased sustaining CapEx gets you to $21 million, less $15 million for the increased GP incentive to get you to the $6 million. As we said in the earnings release, we expect EPB to meet its distribution per unit for the year of $2.65. Right now, EPB in terms of DCF per unit, is running slightly ahead of its budget. On EPB's balance sheet, there's one unusual thing that I would point out here, which is total assets increased by $1.6 billion. And you think about the drop-downs and the spending that I'll go through, that's only about $1 billion. And so the reason, you can see in the investment lines increase by $1.7 billion, those assets went on the books at KMI's carrying value and then the difference between what EPB paid and where we're putting them on the books, i.e. KMI's carrying value, is considered an equity contribution by the GP which you can see occurring in other partners' capital. We ended the quarter with $4.7 billion of debt; that's 4.2x debt-to-EBITDA. That's higher than where we ended last year and higher than where we ended the first quarter. But that's because you only have 2 months of the drop earnings, but you have all the debt on your balance sheet. We still expect to end the year at about 4x, maybe slightly better. And that would be consistent with our budget. We -- the debt increased in the quarter $629 million, it increased year-to-date $563 million. Looking at the uses of capital, we spent about $989 million in the quarter between acquisitions, expansions and contributions to equity investments, with the largest component of that being the $972 million drop. We raised $387 million in equity, and then we had a use of working capital and other items of about $27 million, largely associated with accrued interest and a use of capital associated with AP and AR. Year-to-date, $563 million increase in debt. We spent a little over $1 billion, again with the largest component of that being the drop at $972 million. We raised about $422 million in equity, and then we had a source of working capital and other items of about $20 million. The primary driver of that was accrued taxes. Now turning to KMI. At KMI, we are declaring a dividend today of $0.43. That results year-to-date in a declared dividend of $0.85. Cash available per share in the quarter was $0.32. That translates into negative coverage in the quarter of $113 million. The same thing here, as I say on KMP and EPB, we have negative coverage at KMI in the second and the third quarter, positive in the first and the fourth and we expect to end the year at about 1x. We generated cash available to pay dividends, $332 million in the quarter. That's up $38 million or 13%. And just looking at the drivers of that 13%, the cash generated by the MLPs was up $65 million, and then that's offset a little bit by the cash generated from the other assets, because we've dropped down these assets we no longer have, that cash flow coming from those assets, although there are some offset coming back from the MLPs. So that's about $47 million net of the cash generated from the other assets. We got about a $4 million reduction in between G&A and interest expense. And then you tax effect that to get to the $38 million. Year-to-date, the increase in this cash available to pay dividends is $98 million or 12%. And very similar circumstances here, you've got $134 million or 11% increase coming from the cash generated by the MLPs, offset by a reduction in cash from the other assets of about $29 million. You have a benefit in interest and G&A. You have primarily lower G&A expense. You tax effect that, and that gets you to the $98 million. Right now on cash available for paid dividends, we're running slightly ahead of our budget, and therefore our guidance that we expect to declare at least $1.72. At KMI, on its balance sheet, we ended the quarter at $9.28 billion in debt. That's about 4.9x debt to EBITDA. That's down from the 5x where we ended the year. 4.9x is consistent with where we expect to end 2014 and also consistent where our budget expected us to end 2014. Debt in the quarter, down $728 million; year-to-date, down $547 million, with the primary driver of the reduction in debt being the drop-down proceeds, but I'll take you through a little bit more of the detail. Drop-down proceeds were $875 million. That's the $972 million that EPB paid. KMI took back 10% equity, and so that's how you get $875 million of cash proceeds. We repurchased warrants of about $43 million. We had negative coverage of $113 million, and then we had a whole host of other items that were about $9 million. Year-to-date, $547 million reduction in debt; $875 million in drop-down proceeds; $98 million in warrant repurchase; $94 million in share repurchase; $50 million in a pension contribution; $25 million positive coverage year-to-date; and then use of capital of $111 million on a whole host of items, which include the fact that KMR is not -- we chose not to monetize the KMR shares that we received as a distribution. The cash taxes that we pay actually are lower than what we reflect in the metrics, so that's a benefit. We had some onetime items associated with marketing payments from the legacy -- marketing environmental payments associated with the legacy El Paso assets, and then we had some timing on the distributions that we received versus what's reflected in the metric of about $59 million and then some other smaller items. So that's KMI.
Richard D. Kinder: Okay. And before we open it to questions, let me just clarify one thing. When Kim talked about KMCC, Kinder Morgan Crude & Condensate, obviously the volumes there dramatically improved from the second quarter of '13, but she said we were below plan. And the reason for that is we have one shipper that has a take-or-pay contract that is not meeting those take-or-pay minimums. We're getting the cash but because of the period that, that shipper has for makeup rights, we can't book all of that at this time. So that's the difference or the main part of the difference in KMCC not being on its plans. And for those of you anticipating the question on the warrants, Kim usually mentions that. Kim, our final warrant count is?
Kimberly Allen Dang: We have about 298 million warrants outstanding.
Richard D. Kinder: Okay. And with that, Anna, we will open the floor to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And it looks like we have the first question from Darren Horowitz from Raymond James.
Darren Horowitz: Got 2 quick questions. The first, and I'm sure you've gotten this question a lot, with regard to comment -- condensate and the Commerce Department's commentary on stabilized condensate exports, I'd just like your view on how you think that changes the balance between supply and demand for Eagle Ford condensate, obviously production trends and its impact on price. But more importantly, infrastructure development, whether you think we need incremental splitting capacity beyond what's been announced either for the export of light naphtha or gas oil, or if you think there could be a bigger infrastructure opportunity for you to add fuel-level stabilizer capacity and possibly leverage your ability either dock access on the ship channel or at Galena Park or even to move product on Double Eagle down to Corpus?
Richard D. Kinder: Yes, it's a very good question, Darren, and it cuts a lot of ways. There's a big disagreement in the industry or, I think, on how big this condensate move really is and whether people are going to have to apply for permits or just ride on the decision of the department on those 2 requests. We think they probably will only get comfort if they actually file for their own permits. With regard -- let me start with the easy question on the splitters. Clearly, we have a 100,000-barrel per day splitter that we are building on the Houston Ship Channel. That's fully contracted with BP for a long period of time. So it really doesn't impact that. I think as far as future splitters are concerned, it's going to make the potential people who utilize those splitters probably think carefully about whether they want to proceed. The benefit to us, though, is that our KMCC line is a batch line, and we can move that kind of condensate through the line with the Houston Ship Channel. And we have a lot of dock capacity at the ship channel, and we're building considerably more. So we could take that condensate and then ship it out at our facilities at Pasadena and Galena Park. The other thing that's very interesting to us is that the stabilizers that are apparently necessary to qualify the condensate for export, that's right down our sweet spot in our Kinder Morgan treating. And in fact, one of the 2 that got their permit is using one of our stabilizers. So we know our stabilizers fit the bill as far as qualifying condensate for export, so we see that as an upside for our stabilizer business. I think overall with regard to the Eagle Ford, there's clearly a lot of condensates you hear of, all kinds of numbers being bandied about. 800,000 barrels a day was one number I saw. But clearly, I think the condensate will move. This will be a positive for it in that sense, and we hope to handle as much as we can through our pipelines and across our dock. And we will continue to complete the splitter and obviously, we'd not have built anymore anyway unless we have customers who are willing and want to stand behind taking -- utilizing the capacity of those splitters. Steve, anything else?
Steven J. Kean: I just think, as you said at the beginning, there's a lot of development to be played out here yet, I think. It's generally positive for us and positive for our infrastructure and positive for the Eagle Ford overall. Just how quickly it materializes is, I think, the big question, but we've got several ways to play it.
Darren Horowitz: Yes, and, Steve, if I could, just one follow-up question to that. When you think about what you can move, and Cochin's a great example of this, but what you can move up to Canada as [indiscernible] oil sands production, you think about what's going to be going to the Gulf Coast to be split, and then you try and balance that with the aggregate amount of Eagle Ford light sweet condensate production growth over the next few years, how much incremental demand for stabilization capacity do you think KM Treating could benefit from? Do you have a rough sense of either the scale or the associated CapEx?
Steven J. Kean: I don't have a rough sense of it. Tom, do you have any...
Thomas A. Martin: Yes, it's a little early to know.
Steven J. Kean: It's early to know. I mean, there's a lot of stabilization that's already taking place. I mean, people have facilities in place already. We're receiving stabilized condensate already at our facility. So some of that is already in place and we're in the early days of exploring this. But I think Rich mentioned this; the one opportunity for us is to take available space in KMCC. We've got plenty of truck offloading facilities that are attached to that system, which is now kind of a network going to multiple markets and moving it up to the ship channel and utilizing some tanks in the Terminals groups and some dock and a dock line and getting it offshore. How much more incremental stabilization we'll need to be done? As that production grows, it's just hard to get a handle on, I think.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brad Olsen from Tudor, Pickering.
Bradley Olsen: My first question is actually for Rich. And as you might imagine, if you read our note this morning, it's kind of a follow-up on that. You guys are now sitting at a point where you've done billions of dollars of accretive deals over the last few years, and yet KMI remains at a discount to peers that I would imagine is pretty frustrating from your perspective. So as you sit and kind of look at where you're trading versus some of your peer companies right now, do you have any thoughts on that current discount, and whether or not you'd be willing to consider a transaction to reduce Kinder Morgan's cost of capital?
Richard D. Kinder: Let me just say that we're always exploring operational and strategic opportunities to enhance the value for our investors, including myself. And that includes, among other things, evaluating potential combinations of Kinder Morgan companies. But as I've stated in the past, any such transaction or combination would have to be on terms negotiated between the companies and mutually agreed upon.
Bradley Olsen: And that would involve just kind of the standard conflict committee process that these arm-length transactions go through?
Richard D. Kinder: That's correct.
Bradley Olsen: Got it. Are there any deals within the companies that are categorically kind of unworkable due to tax liabilities or just the overall corporate structure from your opinion?
Richard D. Kinder: Again, we are looking at any possible alternatives, and some certainly would seem more doable than others.
Bradley Olsen: Got it. All right. Great. I have a follow-up on the UMTP project out of the Northeast. It seems as though NGL oversupply is kind of just around the corner, and production from processing plants in the Marcellus and the Utica is increasing rapidly. And yet it seems difficult for not just your project but also for some of the other projects that have been proposed. We're yet to see a contracted committed project go forward to take NGLs out of the Northeast. What has been kind of the remaining sticking point on that project? It seems like a no-brainer from a strategic perspective for your producer customers out there. What is it then that has made it so easy for you guys -- or not easy, but it's been a lot easier to fill up gas pipelines and maybe a little bit more challenging to fill up NGL pipelines out of the Northeast?
Richard D. Kinder: Steve?
Steven J. Kean: Sure. Well, let's start with the last part of that. Remember, this is an existing TGP line that we're talking about converting to a new service and reversing. And if, for some reason, we're not able to get contractual commitments on UMTP, we would look for projects to use that capacity for gas service. So we're in a good position in that regard. But to your real question about what is it with producers and not getting things signed up, I mean, I think there are important differences in the market structure between natural gas and natural gas liquids. And natural gas, if you can get the transport capacity on one of Tom's pipelines to one of several dozen market hubs in the United States, you're all done. And that's a easy thing to get your head around commercially. It's a little harder on the NGL side. You have to look further downstream and think about what it's going to do when it get -- where is it going to get fractionated? Where is the product going to go? Are you going to sell it -- or are you going to sell it up in the field? Are you going to sell it down in Mont Belvieu. The contractual or commercial commitments are just a little bit more difficult. I don't think anybody doubts that the production is there. And I think that what we're beginning to see in the market is that people are also realizing that the sort of incrementalist solutions that people have been using for the last couple of years are going to run out, and people can see the wall that you're talking about. But there's still been some gap between that realization and commercial commitments that are required for us to underwrite and make this investment. Now we have that one important development that's mentioned in the release, that we have a potential shipper who is interested in a substantial amount of capacity on the system, and is so interested that they're helping us with the development costs here through the end of August. So we've kind of been out there in the market commercially talking to our other shippers or potential shippers, as well as this shipper about we've got to make a decision go or no-go kind of by the end of the summer. And so we're hopeful that will help catalyze some of the plans into signatures and some of the realizations that other outlets are needed, again, into contractual commitments to this project. But again, there's no guarantee to that. We don't have it in the backlog. But we've had a positive development, and we continue to work it. Ron, anything else?
Ronald G. McClain: I think that that's very accurate, and still adjusting, talking to shippers and hope to have a successful open season at some point.
Bradley Olsen: And just one last one, it's a quick one. As far as the Jones Act tankers that you guys are acquiring, there's 10 boats in all. It sounds like you have a pretty good understanding of the type of product that the condensate treating plants are going to be spitting out. Are those Jones Act tankers generally capable of moving that type of lightly refined condensate around in their shipment?
Richard D. Kinder: Yes, they are. And again, as we've said so many times, all of these boats are under long-term contracts. So it will really be up to our lessees to determine what they want to move in. But they would certainly be capable of doing that as obviously as well as all their crude oil and refined products can all be moved in that.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ted Durbin from Goldman Sachs.
Theodore Durbin: I want to kick off here with the, I think -- what I guess we're calling the Northeast Energy Direct pipeline now into Boston. CapEx number looks like it went up a lot, $6 billion. I'm wondering if you can just give us a little more detail there. I think at the Analyst Day you're talking about more like kind of low 2s. Is the -- the [indiscernible] to the route change, what's the story there?
Richard D. Kinder: Well, I think -- and I'll let Tom Martin jump in here, but what's really changed is this is really now 2 projects. One is from the Marcellus to Wright, New York, and that's mostly a supply push project. And then the second project is from Wright across a little bit of New York and Massachusetts to Dracut. And again, the cost of that depends obviously on what the shipment actually is, and the $5 billion to $6 billion would be at the fully utilized percentages. Tom, you want to comment on that?
Thomas A. Martin: Yes, no, I think that's exactly right. It's a scalable project. What we're seeing on the customer side could potentially be up to 2.2 Bcf a day, we think, more likely. And the 800 to 1.2 Bcf a day range, the supply side of the -- I guess, the supply project that's included in that $6 billion number would be more than 800 to 1 Bcf level. Potentially bigger, but that's kind of how we're seeing it right now. And a good mix of customer interest on the market side, a healthy mix of LDC customers, also some Canadian customer interest, some LNG export customers. And ultimately, we believe there'll be power generation customers that [indiscernible] project as well.
Theodore Durbin: Got it. And is it fair to say then that the market side of the project's probably the bigger push of the CapEx and the capacity and whatnot?
Thomas A. Martin: Yes, that's exactly right.
Theodore Durbin: Yes, okay. And then maybe just elaborate a little bit more on the Trans Mountain decision here to push this back. I guess the fear, of course, is that this is a precursor to maybe some longer delays. Do you feel like you've sort of nailed everything down beyond the last 5 kilometers there? Or what else should we be looking for there? And then can you talk about if your customers themselves have any off-ramps if there are further delays from a contracting standpoint?
Steven J. Kean: I think the issue that specifically is getting addressed here is that build that's through the really urban part of the route, and there had been fairly substantial public opposition to building on that route. And we were basically going to follow, at least in part, our existing right-of-way. We had multiple alternatives routes getting to Burnaby Mountain. But basically, once we came down the hill to the dock, we were going to go along the same existing routes. And so we have now kind of backed up and decided to look at some different alternatives, and I think the board wants to give that a full vetting. And I think there's a -- there's sort of a good side to this, in that I think this is a reasonable way to try to get this issue resolved and fully and finally resolved. And it is probably the most contentious piece of the route to us. So from that perspective, I think it's a sign that the NEB just wants to get to the right answer on the route, and we do, too. So yes, look, we're disappointed with the timing and all of that. But I think in general, if you look at what change or impact does it have on the long-term prospects of the project, getting the permit that we desire to get, I think there's a case to be made that it's actually slightly improved it. And so I think from that perspective, it's a -- well, if you can choose to take it as a -- or I'll choose to take it as a positive. In terms of the overall desire and demand for the project, that is still very strong. Customers want this project done, have been very supportive through this whole process. I'm not aware of any off-ramps certainly that would have any -- that this decision would have any bearing on. So I think it's a delay, but it's still all systems go.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Graham [ph] from Teilinger Capital [ph].
Unknown Analyst: It's actually John Kiani [ph]. Given the favorable procedural changes around non-FTA approval for LNG exports, can you talk a little bit about the progress and efforts to get contracts for the Gulf LNG facility, please?
Richard D. Kinder: Sure. Tom, you want to do that?
Thomas A. Martin: Yes, absolutely. We've been talking to quite a few customers on the LNG project there at Pascagoula, and I think the discussions are gaining momentum. We have one MoU signed with a customer for 2 million tonnes a year. Again, not a whole lot of stock in that right now because it's really nonbinding at this point. But I think kind of where we are shaking out at this particular point is for -- from now through the end of the year or maybe early next year, we're really shaking through the binding agreement discussions with these potential shippers. And I think we'll know by the end of the year, maybe into early next year, as to whether this project will go or not. But I think as far as the regulatory change, I think probably overall neutral to favorable to us. I think the fact that we're -- a great balance sheet, a brownfield project, have good connectivity in the area, a favorable local and state regulatory environment which we're working on the project, and I think a very good relationship with FERC. I think that's where ultimately the project is going to be a go or no-go, obviously, as we get customer firm commitments. And ultimately, our opinion, I think, is the DOE process will follow what the FERC does.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. So I don't want to put words in your mouth, but is it -- if I summarize what you were saying, if I understand you correctly, do you feel as though -- do you feel pretty confident that you should eventually be able to commercialize Gulf LNG? And obviously, you guys aren't going to build something like that without long-term stable contracts. Or is it just too early in the process to...
Thomas A. Martin: I think we're more favorable than we've been so far. But I think the next 3 to 6 months are going to be critical. There's been a lot of favorable discussions with customers. But I mean it really boils down to getting terms -- committed terms that are favorable to both parties and turning these into firm commitments. And we would like to see a mix of both tooling and FOB service ultimately crystallize here into 2 trains. And so we'll know more here over the next 3 to 6 months.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And then on a -- that's helpful. And then on a separate topic, if M&A has -- seems to have picked up in the MLP sector, and it's been a successful part of the company's strategy in the past. Is it tough right now for you all to be involved in that with KMP's current cost of capital where it is? Or do you think it's possible for the economics of the math to work? How are you thinking about that part of the strategy in general right now, please?
Richard D. Kinder: Well, I think certainly, cost of capital plays a role in any M&A activity, and we aim to be as competitive as possible in that and certainly are looking at all ways of lowering our cost of capital. But I agree with you that I think M&A is going to be active over the next months and next couple of years, and we certainly want to be a player in that and more to come.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Zarahn from Barclays.
Brian J. Zarahn: On condensate, appreciate the color on the Eagle Ford opportunity. How do you view potential opportunities to transport Permian condensate?
Steven J. Kean: I think it's -- oh, I'm sorry, Permian condensate. Yes, I'm sorry. We have -- we don't have anything really in the works on that right now. I mean, it's something that we can continue to look at, but it's not something that we've got like either in the backlog or really on the horizon right at the moment.
Brian J. Zarahn: What about other crude infrastructure in the Permian? Any opportunities there?
Steven J. Kean: From time to time, we do revisit the Freedom pipeline project, but that is not anything that is anywhere near imminent. It's just a function of if prices and pad well flow patterns on oil settle in to a position where a lot of the West Coast refiners want to use Permian crude as part of the refining slate, then maybe discussions emerge again there. But the uses for -- the other side of that story is the uses for the El Paso Natural Gas system have just continued to escalate, which makes the thinking about conversion a bit more challenging, not impossible, just it would be additional costs to make sure that we can continue to serve our gas customers at the level that we are serving them and expect to serve them going forward. Again, it's not something that's particular on the horizon.
Richard D. Kinder: Now the other thing is that we obviously, over in our CO2 segment, our Wink pipeline moves over 130,000 barrels a day of crude to a refiner in El Paso. And we are looking at ways of modifying that, in conjunction with our customer, to enable us to move crude and I suppose potentially condensate in the opposite direction there. And if we get the right contracts there, that will be an opportunity for us. And in fact, we just discussed that at some length at our most recent review with the CO2 group. So that's a potential that we're working on. It could come fairly soon. Now it's not a huge project, but would get us into that game somewhat.
Brian J. Zarahn: And then shifting gears to the UMTP NGL pipe, did you say that you would expect a go, no-go decision by the end of the summer?
Steven J. Kean: Yes, that's what we have set out is we need to see commitments by the end of this summer.
Brian J. Zarahn: Okay. And then you mentioned potential anchor shipper. Would that contracted capacity be enough to move the project forward, or you would probably need some others to sign up?
Richard D. Kinder: That would be enough to move the project forward.
Brian J. Zarahn: So stay tuned on that. Last one for me on the buy -- the warrant buyback. Are you expecting a new authorization?
Kimberly Allen Dang: The board did not authorize any incremental today. There's around $2 million remaining on the prior authorization.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeffrey Campbell from the Tuohy Brothers Investment Research.
Jeffrey Campbell: I'm calling for Craig Shere who couldn't be on the call today. A lot of my questions have been answered. But let me ask, do we have any updates on the NGL flooding potential?
Richard D. Kinder: I'll throw it over to Jim Wuerth, our CO2 segment head.
James P. Wuerth: Yes, we're in the middle of testing that right now. The good and the bad of it, I guess the good part is, is that we're testing, trying to get a baseline off the shelf that we've found there. We're producing about 500 barrels a day out of the well, so it's kind of hard to get a baseline when you're producing that much. That makes us look at do we just go find additional shelves and open the purse up in those areas, put a plug in, open a purse there. And we've identified probably about 20 of those. So more to come whether we can drain that fast enough to even get a baseline to put the NGLs in. The plan is to try and put it in, in August, and we'll see what kind of a baseline we can get. But everything is positive right now. We haven't done a thing other than put a plug in and clean it out, put purse in up at the higher level and we're getting really good volumes out of there already.
Jeffrey Campbell: Okay. And my other question is with regard to ROZ. Is -- will proving out the ROZ economics be a 2015 event? And if it works out as well as is hoped, what would be the main...
James P. Wuerth: Yes, I think so -- yes, we're planning on the phase 1 that we've got going on right now. We should be injecting CO2 by November or December. This is on small acre spacing. It's on 10-acre spacing. The injectivity rates we've seen are upwards of 25%. So we should see real good production within just a few months after injection, and we would expect even peak production out of that 9 pattern [ph] area within 1 year, 1.5 years. So yes, we will know by '15 on a full go-forward plan.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Edwards from Crédit Suisse.
John D. Edwards: Just a couple quick questions -- actually I just have one quick question. At the Analyst Day, you talked about sort of the non-backlog backlog, if you will, and I'm just wondering where that stands now. And you've indicated the backlog's risen about $600 million this quarter. I'm just curious how the other products -- how that other -- the other total is looking.
Richard D. Kinder: Well, John, Martin, head of [indiscernible] today -- Martin, head of our Gas Pipelines group came into the full board meeting without any prompting on my or Steve's point and said that his non-backlog, as you call it, John, was now $18 billion, up from $15 billion the last time he met with the board. And when somebody comes in and volunteers something like that, you take it. So I think the short answer is we're seeing enormous opportunities in this natural gas province. We could go on and cite up all kinds of anecdotal evidence to it, but just a lot of potential now. The key is getting the horses in the Crown and getting the saddle on. Tom, anything you want to add to that?
Thomas A. Martin: No, I think that's exactly right. I think we continue to see more and more traction on opportunities than we've seen evidence of projects that weren't even on the potential backlog list that go all the way to the finish line and enter execution phase. So it's a very target-rich environment right now.
Richard D. Kinder: And I think overall in our Products Pipelines side, there's things like KMCC and I -- it depends on how you -- what you include in the basket or not. But correct me if I'm wrong, Ron, we basically have either spent or committed to spend, under long-term contracts, around $1 billion on that system now. We started out spending $220 million in the first go-round. We now have commitments that when we're fully built out, we'll be over 2/3 of the way there to fulfilling the 300,000 barrel a day capacity. Frankly, we have some additional capacity we could add on a relatively economic basis to that, which we will continue to look at. And when you add everything we're seeing down there to the -- this potential for additional condensate, that just looks like very good. So a lot of opportunities elsewhere in the company, too. But clearly, this natural gas -- the opportunity for natural gas long-line transportation is very strong right now.
John D. Edwards: Okay. So that -- and that's where you're seeing the majority of the increase in opportunities is natural gas?
Richard D. Kinder: That 15 to 18 -- the 15 billion going to 18 billion was just Tom Martin's Natural Gas Pipeline group.
John D. Edwards: Okay. And then are you seeing anything -- any significant increase on the terminal side?
Richard D. Kinder: Steve?
Steven J. Kean: You mean increases in the non-backlog backlog as [indiscernible]...
John D. Edwards: Yes, kind of opportunity -- evaluation opportunity.
Steven J. Kean: I think it's not a calculated number, John, so I don't have a calculated number for you there. But I think just generally, as I said before, the -- on the handling of liquids, crude and refined products and biofuels, and on crude-by-rail projects, the opportunities continue to increase. So I mean, I think it bodes well for that sector as well -- for that segment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sonyam Sudaram [ph] from JH Securities [ph].
Unknown Analyst: A couple of clarifications for me, the 2 Bcf per day of -- from transportation capacity contracts that you mentioned, in the process of negotiating, if you were to get those contracts finalized, would it necessitate additional project announcement from your side? Or they just kind of help you fill up the projects that have already been announced so far?
Richard D. Kinder: Yes, as we complete those projects, we will make announcements on them, as we complete the -- all the commercial arrangements for those projects, absolutely.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And then just one clarification on the previous comments with regard to the UMTP project. So the potential anchor ship that you have for that project that provides you enough capacity to go ahead with the project, that you are trying to layer on additional contracts so as to get a better scope of the project. Is that kind of a fair statement?
Steven J. Kean: Yes, we're still pursuing third -- we're still pursuing other shippers as well beyond the sector [ph]. Or beyond the potential anchor shipper, we are pursuing other shippers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Cheng from Deutsche Bank.
Richard Cheng: My question has already been answered actually.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pranab Kannadi [ph] from [indiscernible].
Unknown Analyst: I think most of my questions have been answered; just one thing. On NGPL, you guys conducted an open season recently, and wanted to see if you had any updates on that?
Richard D. Kinder: Sure. Tom?
Thomas A. Martin: Yes, we -- I think we have some pretty good customer interest on our expansion, Gulf Coast expansion project down from the REX interconnect. We see potential project to be somewhere in the 0.5 Bcf to maybe 750,000 a day level, largely sponsored by producers, but also other potential export customers down the Gulf Coast. So we expect to move through the PA process here in the third quarter and see if we can get enough commitments.
Unknown Analyst: Got it. What sort of rates do you get on those -- on that gas that you're flowing down there?
Thomas A. Martin: Yes, I mean, I don't -- we can't really get into specific rates. But I mean, I think we're -- by evidence of the interest in the project, I think we're very competitive with what other alternatives are in the market.
Operator: And I'm showing no further questions at this time.
Richard D. Kinder: Okay. Well, thank you, all, very much. Have a good evening, and we appreciate you spending this time with us. Goodbye.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-16 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Rich Kinder - Chairman and CEO Steve Kean - President and COO Kim Dang - CFO and VP Tom Martin - President, Natural Gas Pipelines Jim Wuerth - President, CO2 Ron McClain - President, Products Pipelines
Analysts: Bradley Olsen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Company Darren Horowitz - Raymond James & Associates Brian Zarahn - Barclays Capital Ted Durbin - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Welcome to the Kinder Morgan Quarterly Earnings Conference. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode, until the question-and-answer portion. (Operator Instructions) Today's conference is also being recorded. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to your host to Mr. Rich Kinder, Chairman and CEO of Kinder Morgan. You may begin, sir.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Holly. As usual we’ll be making statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We will be referring to Kinder Morgan, Inc., as KMI, to Kinder Morgan Energy Partners as KMP and to El Paso Pipeline Partners as EPB. And we’ll cover all three. Let me kick it off by saying we had a very good quarter and we are on-track for a very good year. We expect all three of our entities to meet or exceed the distribution or dividend targets that they have for the full year. I am going to mention just a few significant matters before turning the presentation over to Steve Kean our Chief Operating Officer, who will talk about the specific performance of our business units and also about our backlog and then Kim Dang our Chief Financial Officer, who will go through the details of the financial results for the first quarter. Let me start just with the high view of our operating performance, three or four things come to mind, we had extraordinary gas throughput during the first quarter and we moved what we think as an all time record for us 33 Bcf a day during the month of January on average. And that’s about 33% about a third of all the natural gas consumed in the United States during that month. In our refined products group, we actually had a pretty nice increase in refined product volumes. We’re actually have up 5.3%, if you count our Parkway project, I think it’s fair to script that out, script that out with 3.7% in refined product volumes, and that’s versus our estimate from the EIA of 1.1% across all of United States. Over in our CO2 segment we had another very nice quarter, our SACROC unit where the oil production increased by 4%, lifting the overall oil volumes in our CO2 segment, allowed it to be up by 5% overall and on a debt basis net to our share up 7%. But I think SACROC is a more meaningful number because we did have some improvement in some of our newer startup projects also. In our terminals we had a very nice increase in earning for DD&A driven by both new projects coming online and organic growth, as well as the Tanker and APT acquisition which was closed in January of this year. On the business development front, we had an outstanding quarter. Steve will discuss the project backlog which increased by 1.6 billion during the quarter, notwithstanding the fact that we put 800 million out of the backlog into service during the quarter. So we really generated $2.4 billion worth of new backlog projects and most of the increase came in the natural gas business segment. Now, as you look across Kinder Morgan, we like to think that there are many opportunities to grow business across all of our business segments, but if you look back a couple of years to when we made the El Paso acquisition, that represent a huge investment on our part based on the future use of natural gas in United States, not the price of natural gas, but the supply demand equation for natural gas. And we felt at that time there was going to be a tremendous need for capacity to transport natural gas around the country as both the demand and supply side grew. And it represents an enormous long-term upside for all three of the Kinder Morgan companies, so I thought I would just spend a little time sketching out for you my view of the national market and the significant recent impact on our pipelines in terms of new long-term agreements with customers to utilize our system. Some of you may have seen that Wood Mackenzie just put out its spring 2014 preliminary outlook. In that outlook for natural gas supply and demand they estimate that demand this year in the United States will be 71.5 Bcf a day. And they projected by 2024 in 10 years that demand will escalate to 94.5 Bcf a day or an increase of 23 Bcf a day. And we would do that as a real understatement because the way Wood Mac computes it, say actually have the increase in Mexico, exports from Mexico as a deduct on the supply side rev, but a increase on the demand side, so really this 23 Bcf a day potential increase in our view is a little bit understated. That’s coming from a number of sources, all of which we’ve discussed before, but it’s LNG exports additional electric generation fueled by natural gas, an increase in industrial use and then an increase in exports to Mexico. All of these we think bode very well for a national pipeline network like us. A couple of other facts that have come out very recently that I think that are also important from a national basis is that, you may have seen the recent article that we now have $70 billion of announced U.S. petrochemical development almost the great bulk of it along the Gulf Coast in Texas and Louisiana where we have a tremendous pipeline network. And they have also seen just in the last couple of days the estimate for May, Marcellus Utica production at approaching 15 Bcf for the month of May 2014, the same Wood Mac study that I referred to on the supply side sees that increasing to 28.5 Bcf in 2024, our net increase of about 13 Bcf a day. Some of these are pretty much mind boggling figures, another is that EGA recently commissioned ICF to do a survey of infrastructure needs over the next 20 years, they projected that infrastructure needs would require $641 billion of investment between now and 2035, an average of about $30 billion a year, now not all of this is natural gas it is overall infrastructure. But the relevant thing I think is that that’s versus an ’11 estimate that EGA had done which turned out to be $10 billion a year, a tripling of potential investment. All of these facts I think are very relevant to saying that we are at the beginning of what we view as a tremendous upswing in the need for natural gas transportation in the United States. Now you would expect us as the largest owner, operator of natural gas pipelines to benefit from these nationwide trends, but the real issue that you all consider is are we benefiting and what specific examples do we have to talk about that show Kinder Morgan is benefiting. Let me give you some numbers, since December of ’13 we have executed long-term binding contracts with an average life of approximately 15 years or about 2.8 Bcf a day. And these binding contracts over 1.4 Bcf a day is on our Tennessee system and about 800 million a day is on our El Paso natural gas system in the West. In addition to that we have executed a long-term contract to supply still another Gulf Coast LNG terminal with volumes estimated 700 million a day, contingent on final FERC approval of project, and we had three very successful non-binding open seasons, one on NGPL to move gas from the REX interconnect in Illinois with NGPL to the Gulf Coast, and two on our Tennessee system for Northeast capacity, all three of these open seasons were vastly oversubscribed and we’re now working to advance those projects. Again I want to emphasize those were non-binding open seasons, but the results we received were very encouraging and very positive. I think two points come home very clear and very important. The first is that Tennessee is now on its way to becoming a bifurcated system with gas moving from the Marcellus Utica to the Northeast and also from the Marcellus Utica to the Southeast and the Gulf Coast. And this will only increase as the production in Appalachia increases. Secondly EPNG is filling its previously underutilized south line largely with exports to Mexico and will be expanding system later this decade to beat all the demand. All-in-all, we see all of these events and the national statistics for that matter as a very positive trend that will drive growth at Kinder Morgan in the years to come. And with that I’ll turn it over to Steve.
Steve Kean: Thanks Rich. I am going to give an update on the backlog and then I’ll go through the segments quickly. So starting with our January Investor Meeting last year we’ve been giving -- we gave out our backlog and we’ve been updating that pretty much every quarter since then. As Rich mentioned we went 14.8 billion to 16.2 billion across all of the processes on a combined basis. So we added this 1.6 billion in the backlog also putting into service over $800 million in the projects. Our project petitions grew, total backlog was offsetting of the process we put into service. On the larger projects we put into service where there is a $100 million KMP swinging lateral to serve the Phillips 66 Refinery there. Almost $500 million with the terminals group projects went in including phase one of our Edmonton internal expansion and expansion in our Pasadena Galena Park facility and some coal export facility expansions. We also had about $150 million of projects come into service in the CO2 segment during the quarter. Now a reminder about the backlog, it consists of those projects that we view as highly probable, highly confident that would be done, not a guarantee but a very high probability. We actually expect to add to this and do more and invest more capital than what we have in the backlog, but unless we have a project that’s highly probable we don’t add. So here is the business unit composition, the gas group is up from 2.7 billion to 4.1 billion that 1.4 billion is by far the biggest increase across the business units. Here the biggest additions were the $780 million expansion for Antero to increase south bound EPB capacity the Utica and Marcellus. This demonstrates again the strong demand for additional capacity and comes on the heels of an oversubscribed, open season for that same path that we had in December. Second we’ve got firm contracts supporting a $500 million plus expansion on the EPNG system, so it’s not just Marcellus and Utica we’re seeing strength and demand for transport capacity in the other parts of network too. The third big contributor to the increase is the expanded scope in our liquefaction project and associated facilities at Elba Island, bringing the total to our share to 1.2 billion. That’s an EPB investment. And overall EPB was up about 200 million from quarter-to-quarter historically. The products group backlog is down from $1.1 billion to $1 billion, and that’s due primarily to the Sweeny Lateral going into service. I want to point out here, we have a $300 million plus project the UTOPIA Utica and Ontario pipeline the NGL line which we have an LOI on. We view it as pretty probable, hope to and expect to firm that up and put it in the backlog shortly. But it’s not currently in the backlog. The terminals portion of the backlog is down 300 million from 2.3 to 2. We added about $200 million with the projects in the internal sector. But as I mentioned, they had almost 0.5 billion going to service during the quarter. We continue to see really good growth opportunities in this sector. We’re rapidly expanding our Edmonton position by about 50%, our Houston Ship Channel position by about 26% to just under 40 million barrels of capacity. We’re also in the very early days of growth in demand for midstream infrastructure that we expect our Company to massive build out of new chemical facilities primarily along the Gulf Coast. The backlog in our CO2 business is up 600 million, S&T is essentially flat at 1.8 million, but the enhanced oil recovery part of our backlog is up to 2.1 billion, a $600 million increase, and that’s primarily our ROS or residual oils on new development projects. So we continue to see strong demand for CO2 and plenty of places to put it to use and see that our projects are out there. And the bigger project of course the last one Kinder Morgan Canada 5.4 billion TMX expansion which is unchanged since last update. Now in the segment update I’m just going to focus on how we came out for this quarter versus same quarter last year, and Kim will take you through the details on all the numbers. So for the Gas Group, earnings before DD&A we’re up 226 million in KMP, 46%. So that’s due to the Copel acquisitions which closed in May of last year and the dropdown of the remaining 50% of EPNG in El Paso midstream, which closed March 1. But if you strip those out, earnings before DD&A for the segment were still up $62 million. And as Rich pointed out, we saw strong demand for transport capacity really across our systems. If you look at the volume on KMP, our transport volumes were up 5.1% on a year-over-year basis. If you factor in the increase, year-over-year increase in storage results on the Texas intrastate which don’t counts on those transport numbers that increase was 6.2%. And on the 2.8 Bcf of sign-up, new capacity sign-ups that Rich mentioned, it’s worthy of note that a quarter of that was on existing capacity. So we signed-up capacity, previously unsigned capacity, but not really requiring CapEx to get those deals done. So that’s again showed I think the strength and demand for transport capacity, both new and existing. And actually if you take just one project, which had a very small amount of capital associated with it, it goes up to about a third, so a very good signs of increase in transport value that we’re beginning to see. On EPB asset earnings before DD&A were essentially flat up $2 million, there it’s radiated impacts on S&G and where it’s being offset by some positives on TIG and the express pipeline. And looking ahead we’re very bullish on the opportunities presented by natural gas as the exports demand from electric generation and industrial users and the need to transport and process gas out of shale plays I think we’re seeing customers really beginning to view again transport out as the value path. In CO2 our segment earnings before DD&A were up 26 million or 7%. Higher CO2 oil volumes and higher CO2 oil and NGL prices the volumes are driven as Rich mentioned by SACROC being up almost 4% also Katz and Goldsmith with record CO2 volumes for the quarter driven by an 8% increase in Southwest Colorado volumes primarily due to Doe Canyon in California. We continue to pursuit several large development projects [indiscernible]. On products the segment earnings before DD&A were up 4 million or 2% increases in southeast terminal’s advancements and Parkway offsetting year-over-year decreases at SFPP and Cochin. Cochin saw lower volumes at its origin point at Fort Saskatchewan, Alberta. Also note as Rich mentioned is our refined products volumes are up as a good signs that doesn’t take CapEx and you’ve got refined product lines going up and some tariff escalations as well that’s an overall positive. Looking forward, we continue to see really condensate and NGL driven growth in this sector with projects of our KMCC system at Eagle Ford and additions to our Cochin Reversal project in Utopia. On terminals our segment earnings were up 41% -- $41 million or 6% from last year now 11 million of that is due to the acquisitions that both the Jones Act and two smaller acquisitions but the 26 million was organic growth and that’s expansion projects. But also I think good pricing on our services we had $7 million improvement attributable to our Gulf Coast region alone associated with price escalations on our tanks or on better terms on renewal. Other highlights here we brought a phase 1 of our scale in the Houston Ship Channel, we brought on phase 1 of our Edmonton Terminal expansion as well. Also those who had expansions under contract before we even finished phase 1. Kinder Morgan Canada finally, segment earnings before DD&A we’re down 4 million primarily a result of the weaker Canadian dollar, but the main story here continues to be the progress on the expansion. We passed another milestone there. We filed the facilities application in December and we now have the scheduling order in hand. And long story short, it’s going to be a full fair but finer process. We’ve got a deadline of July 2nd of 2015 for the NEB order and kind of hard of compressors, we just got our first set of information requests and a primarily statement of condition. So things are moving along very well there. And with that I’ll turn it over to Kim.
Kim Dang: Okay. Thanks, Steve. Turning to the numbers, first on KMP, today we are declaring the Board approved declared dividend at KMP of a $1.38, that’s a 6% increase over the first quarter of 2013. And this is on the first page of numbers for KMP which is on the bottom of the GAAP income statement. On the GAAP income statement I’ll point out that net income is down -- net income attributable to KMP is down $37 million, but this has all the certain items which we will outline for you on the next page. The largest one being $141 million gain on the sale of Express, that was a benefit in 2013 and obviously not recurring in 2014. So going into the next page and looking at our calculation of distributable cash flow which is reconciled back to our GAAP net income. We’ve produced Dcf per unit of a $1.55 for the quarter, comparing that to the $1.38 for our cleared distribution that is $76 million in excess coverage in the quarter, as we tell you almost every quarter we expect to have excess coverage in the first quarter, in the fourth quarter, and typically we will have negative coverage in the second quarter and the third quarter, and we will have excess coverage for the full year. Right now, our excess coverage for the full year is nicely above our plan as a result of the new contracts that we’ve signed on TGP and EPNG and also as a result of the APT acquisition, which is why you see us guiding to our guidance, which says we’ll declare at least $5.58 per unit. On the $1.55 on a total basis, Dcf is $699 million that’s $143 million increase or 26% increase over the quarter of 2013. Looking at what drives $143 million increase segment earnings before DD&A $1.569 billion that’s up $293 million or 23%. Steve took you through pieces, but the biggest piece of the 293 million is 226 million increases in the natural gas segment and in CO2 and terminals also contributed nicely to the $293 million. Versus our budget for the full year, we’re expecting that we will exceed our budget for segment earnings before DD&A largely again as a result of the APT acquisition, on the contracts on TGP and EPNG. And then that’s being slightly offset by the lower volumes on KMCC. Interest in the quarter was $149 million expense, that’s $26 million increase versus the first quarter of 2013, sorry that’s G&A, and that is G&A is above our budget for the quarter, and we expect it to be above our budget for the full year by about 2%. Interest $228 million expense in the quarter that’s up $41 million versus last year largely on increases on balance associated with our expansion capital program. For the quarter, we -- our interest is very close to the budget, and for the full year, we expect it to be close to our budget. Now you would think that interest would be higher than our budget because we issued incremental debt versus our budget of 500 million to finance about 50% of the APT acquisition. That higher balance is being offset by lower rate from what we budgeted and higher capitalized interest. Sustaining CapEx $24 million increase in the quarter, that is, we are right now behind our budget in terms of spending but that’s going to be timing because for the full year we’re expecting that sustaining CapEx will be slightly above our budget, probably about 2% or so. As a result of the APT acquisition and then also some additional expenditure on the Texas intrastate, so $293 million coming from the segment increased expenses of 26 million on G&A, 41 on interest, $24 million increase on the sustaining CapEx and then you have the GP increase as a result of the increases in the distribution and the increase in units of 52 million, that gets you to $150 of the $143 million increase and then there is $7 million of small other items. On the certain items for the quarter there were 34 million the largest piece was regal reserves and that was associated with two unfavorable decisions that we got in, two unfavorable court decisions. You also see there the insurance deductable in casualty losses, $8 million that’s timing these are expenses that will be either reimbursed by customers as we rebuilt their assets or largely reimbursed by insurance. And then we have severance of $6 million and that is an item that will be paid by KMI and not be borne by KMP. So that gives you the main certain items for the quarter. Looking at KMP’s balance sheet, there’s a $1.194 million increase in total assets and the APT acquisition is the biggest piece about at $960 million. We ended the quarter at $20.5 billion in debt and that results in debt-to-EBITDA about 3.8 times, we still expect that we will end the year at about 3.7 times which is consistent with our budget. The 20.5 billion in debt is an increase of just $1 billion versus a 19.5 billion at the end of last year. It’s actually $996 million. Just looking at the sources and uses that drive that, we have $1.76 billion in acquisitions expansion capital and contributions to equity investments, the largest feature of that is 960 or the largest pieces are 960 from the APT acquisition. And then we spent a little under 740 million on expansion CapEx. We raised capital of 803 million through equity offerings and then we had a use of cash of working capital on other items of about a little over 40 which is primarily crude interest, it’s the timing of when we make our interest payments. And then we had a, obviously $76 million of coverage is the biggest offset to the use of cash from a crude interest. So that is KMP balance sheet. Turning to EPB, it is GAAP income statement and you can see there that we are declaring a cash distribution today of $0.65 which is an increase of 5% or $0.03 over the first quarter of 2013. Looking at EPB’s calculation of distributable cash flow which is also reconciled to GAAP net income, Bcf per unit is $0.75 for the quarter comparing that to the $0.65 distribution, we’ve get coverage of about $21 million in the quarter. Similar story here on coverage we expect to have positive coverage in the first quarter and in the fourth quarter. And we expect to have negative coverage in the second quarter and probably slightly negative coverage in the third quarter and for the full year we expect to have positive coverage and beyond our budget. Total Bcf $163 million is down 6 million or 4% versus last year. And just reconciling that $6 million for the year earnings before DD&A up $2 million versus last year’s, Steve took you through the reasons for that. G&A is flat. Interest expense is actually down meaning reduced expense versus last year of about $2 million and that is a result of maturing debt being replaced with lower rate debt. Sustaining CapEx is about a $1 million increase and expense versus last year. And then the GP is about a $7 million increase in expense associated with the higher distribution per unit and more units outstanding and then you had other items of about 2 million to get you to your total change in Dcf of $6 million. Looking at EPB’s balance sheet, EPB ended the quarter at 4.1 billion in debt which result in debt-to-EBITDA of 3.7 times and consistent with our budget we still expect to end the year at about four times debt-to-EBITDA at EPB. The 4.12 billion in debt at the end of March is a decrease of about 66 million from year-end and to reconcile that decrease for you, we had about $17 million in expansion CapEx and contributions to equity investments. We’ve raised equity of about 36 million and we had working capital and other items that were source of capital of about 47 million, the two biggest pieces of that being a source of working capital on a crude interest and then coverage was $21 million in the end of quarter. Finally, turning to KMI, KMI we are declaring a dividend today of $0.42 that is $0.04 increase or 11% over the first quarter of 2013. Cash available per share is $0.55 which is a 12% increase over the first quarter of 2013 and $0.55 versus the $0.42 results in about $138 million of coverage. Similar to KMP and EPB we expect to have positive coverage at KMI in the first quarter and the fourth quarter negative in the second quarter and third and positive coverage for the full year. Right now we expect that our coverage will be slightly above our budget and that because we will be slightly our $1.78 billion in cash available to pay dividend, and thus you see the guidance in the press release to meet or exceed our cash available to pay dividends. $573 million of cash available to pay dividends in the quarter it’s about $60 million increase or a 12% increase versus the first quarter of last year. And just breaking that down the cash generated from KMP and EPB saw assessments in the two MLPs is up about 69 million as a result of the increase in the distributions at those MPLs and the increase in the unit count. Cash generated from other assets is down about $11 million as a result of the dropdown to KMP in the first quarter of last year. G&A is reduced by about $2 billion versus last year, interest expense is reduced by about $6 million at $160 million of expense, and that’s a result of the pay down in debt from the dropdown. And then cash taxes are higher by about 6 million to get you to your $60 million. So we had a nice quarter at KMI, we are slightly ahead of our budget in terms of cash available to pay dividends, largely as a result of our performance by NGPL and SACROC and we expect most of that to carry through for the full year. Looking at KMI’s balance sheet, KMI ended the quarter with just over $10 billion in debt and we still expect that we will in the year a debt-to-EBITDA at KMI on a fully consolidated basis at about 4.9 times. Debt increased about $181 million in the quarter, just going through the sources and leases. Share repurchase was a use of cash of $94 million more repurchase was a use of cash of $55 million. We made a pension contribution for $50 million. We had payments in the legacy El Paso marketing book and on from environmental expenses of about $30 million and then cash available versus the cash actually received and there is a difference there of about $67 million, 22 on that for fact that we didn’t sell the KMR units and in the balance is timing on cash distributions we received out of equity investments. And then we had a source of working capital of about $117 million from other items the largest piece of that is $138 million in coverage for the quarter. And so with that I’ll turn it back over to Rich.
Rich Kinder: Okay and Holly if we’ll take any questions you may have, Holly if you’ll come back on and give them their instructions. We’ll go from there.
Operator: Thank you, sir. (Operator Instructions) And the first question comes from Bradley Olsen with Tudor, Pickering. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Alright Brad how are you?
Bradley Olsen : Doing well Rich how are you?
 Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Company: Doing well Rich how are you?
Rich Kinder: Pretty good.
Bradley Olsen : A quick question on the Tennessee gas reversals, it seems like you guys have been able to line one of these major by directional or reversal projects up on TGP every few months. And it seems like your projects are generally able to go from planning to realization faster than a lot of the other pipelines in the Northeast. How many more potential reversals could we see out of TGP? And would the reversal or the potential reversal for the NGL Y grade pipeline down to the Gulf Coast impact how much of the pipeline could be used in a gas reversal?
 Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Company: A quick question on the Tennessee gas reversals, it seems like you guys have been able to line one of these major by directional or reversal projects up on TGP every few months. And it seems like your projects are generally able to go from planning to realization faster than a lot of the other pipelines in the Northeast. How many more potential reversals could we see out of TGP? And would the reversal or the potential reversal for the NGL Y grade pipeline down to the Gulf Coast impact how much of the pipeline could be used in a gas reversal?
Rich Kinder: Yes I’ll turn it over to Tom Martin who runs our Natural gas pipeline group.
Tom Martin: Yes I think we certainly have the opportunity to look at more backhaul or south bound capacity, any other used capacity that we’re creating for the NGL projects that ultimately if that doesn’t go we could use do that for additional gas or as needed. We’re also very excited about our results for the non-binding open season to take additional Marcellus gas ultimately into New England between those two projects we would see anywhere from 1 to 1.2 Bcf a day incremental volumes going into the New England market. So we think both from the demand that we’re seeing southbound as well as the interest to go, to bring additional volumes into New England. We’re very excited about our growth prospects going forward.
Bradley Olsen : Great, thanks Tom and I guess just may be push a little bit harder on that on the northeast reversals. Are you -- is there a number we can think about in terms of potential additional reversals on TGP or is it difficult to give a precise number?
 Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Company: Great, thanks Tom and I guess just may be push a little bit harder on that on the northeast reversals. Are you -- is there a number we can think about in terms of potential additional reversals on TGP or is it difficult to give a precise number?
Tom Martin: Yes, I mean it all depends on what rates the market ultimately will bear, but I think all the -- relatively speaking the lower cost expansion projects have been done but I think we’re continuing to see interest even at higher level, so it'd get hard to speculate on volumes but I think we’re certainly talking to our customers every day and there is still interest for more capacity.
Rich Kinder: Yes I think that again Brad the key thing here is if you just look at these numbers, the numbers tell the story. Again, we expect across 15 Bcf of production this quarter up there. There is not nearly that much demand particularly this time of the year in the northeast. If you look at this ramping up in fact Wood Mackenzie would show it ramping up just in five years to 22.5 Bcf, so a ramp-up of 7 Bcf just in the next five years and those volumes have to go some place. And of course what we have is we have essentially it’s a little bit of a simplification, essentially a pool of big lines that were originally tended to go south and north. Now we’ve in essence reversing two of them on what we’ve done so far. So there is more opportunity but Tom is right, the further you get the more expensive it gets and we’ll just have to see are there people willing to pay freight. But obviously there is a tremendous need for more capacity to get natural gas as well as NGLs out of Marcellus Utica.
Bradley Olsen : Great. And just one last one from me on the natural gas front, sounds like there is a lot of growth potential coming out of Mexican demand. And I would imagine given the fact that that country continues to import high cost LNG that that could be a real growth market. When we think about kind of how big that volume opportunity could get, are there limitations on the southern side of the border with Pemex’s pipeline system or do you see quite a bit of running room to continue to expand exports south bound?
 Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Company: Great. And just one last one from me on the natural gas front, sounds like there is a lot of growth potential coming out of Mexican demand. And I would imagine given the fact that that country continues to import high cost LNG that that could be a real growth market. When we think about kind of how big that volume opportunity could get, are there limitations on the southern side of the border with Pemex’s pipeline system or do you see quite a bit of running room to continue to expand exports south bound?
Rich Kinder: I think they will continue to expand their infrastructure south of the border. And the real test of that is when they sign-up for long-term contracts on our side of the border. So I think we believe that over the next 10 years demand will more than double from the present throughput that goes into Mexico today and the reason is very simple. They are converting electric generation at industrial use from oil to natural gas, the opening of the energy business in Mexico we believe will concentrate primarily on oil not on natural gas and the only alternative as we switch to natural gas is to import LNG which is very expensive and of course that led to I don’t know all the details, but essentially the closing of the Altamira plant which I think was a mutually beneficial thing from both the Mexican importers and shale that could take that LNG and move it elsewhere. So cheaper a source of natural gas is clearly from Texas and the rest of the U.S I think you’ll see some Rockies gas and in fact going into Mexico and of course EPNG is just -- again if you think about Tennessee being ideally positioned in the Marcellus Utica, EPNG is tremendously well situated for the exports to Mexico.
Tom Martin: Just one other point there, they are building out the infrastructure south of the border it’s not dependent though on Pemex getting it done, so in Tennessee is or Tennessee’s power plant developments that they’re putting up, they are having private companies are coming into developed and build out the transportation capacity that’s going to be acquired south of the border, you get it from our line basically to the power plant to the vehicle.
Bradley Olsen : Great, and when we think about 800 million of demand on EPNG for those new contracts that you mentioned in the press release. Is it fair to assume that most if not all of that volume is coming from demand south of the border?
 Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Company: Great, and when we think about 800 million of demand on EPNG for those new contracts that you mentioned in the press release. Is it fair to assume that most if not all of that volume is coming from demand south of the border?
Rich Kinder: High percentage of it but there is some up [Multiple Speaker] and in addition to that there we think there will be significant additional opportunities. We think the 800 is just kind of a starter.
Bradley Olsen : Great, thanks so much everyone.
 Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Company: Great, thanks so much everyone.
Operator: Our next question comes from Darren Horowitz with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Hey Darren, how are you doing?
Darren Horowitz : Fine, thanks Rich. Two quick questions from me, the first regarding that March announcement that you guys made of additional billion dollars of CO2 investments. If I’m just thinking about that 700 million that’s going to be focused on drilling wells and building out that fuel gathering infrastructure at St. Johns. Can you give us a sense of the average unlevered rate of return across that project set? And I’m trying to think about it with regard to how that compares to the average unlevered IRRs on that 1.5 billion in EOR backlog CapEx that you outlined at the Analyst Day over the next five years?
 Raymond James & Associates: Fine, thanks Rich. Two quick questions from me, the first regarding that March announcement that you guys made of additional billion dollars of CO2 investments. If I’m just thinking about that 700 million that’s going to be focused on drilling wells and building out that fuel gathering infrastructure at St. Johns. Can you give us a sense of the average unlevered rate of return across that project set? And I’m trying to think about it with regard to how that compares to the average unlevered IRRs on that 1.5 billion in EOR backlog CapEx that you outlined at the Analyst Day over the next five years?
Rich Kinder: Jim Wuerth?
Jim Wuerth: Yes, I think unlevered we’re looking in the mid-teens on the pipe in the infrastructure there. I think that’s where we’re at as mid-teens.
Darren Horowitz : Okay.
 Raymond James & Associates: Okay.
Rich Kinder: We’re building a new pipe from St. Johns over to intersect with our Cortez system just South of Albuquerque.
Jim Wuerth: That’s correct.
Rich Kinder: And overall, we think we will be in the mid to upper teens on the returns on that billion dollar investment.
Darren Horowitz : Do you think Rich though that just based on the large upfront capital that you spent there that your incremental returns theoretically should get better?
 Raymond James & Associates: Do you think Rich though that just based on the large upfront capital that you spent there that your incremental returns theoretically should get better?
Rich Kinder: Well it could, and it just depends on exactly how the contracts work out in the end.
Jim Wuerth: Obviously, if you look at McElmo Dome 30 years ago when Shell and Mobil operated it, they had to make a decision to put in the Cortez pipeline. It’s very expensive when you put that first build-in and the numbers don’t look that great, in today’s world it looks like a great investment. We’ve had it now for close to 14 years and the volumes just continue to go up without not a lot of infrastructure being added on the pipe, so I think you’ll see the same thing within St. John’s and the Lobos pipeline.
Darren Horowitz : Okay. And then last question for me, Steve. Back to the products by segment and that growth in cash flow that you talked about, as we’re thinking about the backend of this year and into the first half of 2015, can you give us an update on KMCC capacity utilization? I know that we talked last time you said it was about two-thirds book but obviously, there is this -- there is big supply growth of south Texas condensate that’s moving east. So I’m wondering from your perspective how you think about if you do changing the scale or scope of that 1.8 billion of capital that you’re going to spend across the ship channel? So maybe some additional ship docks at Colina or more interconnects between Galena and Pasadena. It seems like there is a lot of opportunity and you could spend more money, so I’d love you thoughts there.
 Raymond James & Associates: Okay. And then last question for me, Steve. Back to the products by segment and that growth in cash flow that you talked about, as we’re thinking about the backend of this year and into the first half of 2015, can you give us an update on KMCC capacity utilization? I know that we talked last time you said it was about two-thirds book but obviously, there is this -- there is big supply growth of south Texas condensate that’s moving east. So I’m wondering from your perspective how you think about if you do changing the scale or scope of that 1.8 billion of capital that you’re going to spend across the ship channel? So maybe some additional ship docks at Colina or more interconnects between Galena and Pasadena. It seems like there is a lot of opportunity and you could spend more money, so I’d love you thoughts there.
Steve Kean: I know you’re right. And capacity utilization tends to be -- is still running well under contractual commitment. And so one thing that to understand there is that we are getting cash in now into deficiency payments, but we are not able to reflect that in our current results until we get either they start moving the volumes or they -- their makeup rights expires and. And so that’s kind of holding back the performance of KMCC a little bit, but again the cash is coming in the door. But you’re exactly right, the way that system is now being developed, I mean, it is gone from in a very short period of time -- it is gone from kind of the point-to-point system to being a network. A network that we can build off of and then we can invest and invest at very high returns on those incremental capital spend. And so we’ve got about $300 million worth of laterals and associated facilities like truck offloading and tank facilities that are in our backlogged that we haven’t yet seen the revenue off but they run fairly quick built outs that we can do and we are doing. And I think we’re going to continue to find more of that. And Ron do you have anything to add to that?
Ron McClain: I just think there is a lot of option now until you, and once you get to the Houston Ship Channel it can -- no one can move to petrochemical plants. [Indiscernible] I just think there is tremendous flexibility for shippers and so that capacity will go pretty soon.
Steve Kean: And the other example of that so we had one lateral that we were able to get into service early but we don’t have the tonnes in the other facility that’s going to be necessary to achieve the full throughput. While we’re unloading trucks into that lateral right now and we just ramp that up over the coming year. So again if you look at that system, it’s now connected to multiple producers, kind of CDPs and also truck offloading facilities, connected to the multiple producers. And we can now take it to multiple markets. It goes to the Phillips 66, Sweeny refineries in South of Houston. It goes to the Houston Ship Channel. And we’re connecting it up with Double Eagle so it can go to Cortez as well, so just a great network that allows high return project to be built off of it.
Darren Horowitz : Thank you.
 Raymond James & Associates: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Zarahn with Barclays. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Hi Brian.
Brian Zarahn : Hi Rich I appreciate the project backlog update. And what’s the status of the Y grade line of the Marcellus, Utica? Where do we stand?
 Barclays Capital: Hi Rich I appreciate the project backlog update. And what’s the status of the Y grade line of the Marcellus, Utica? Where do we stand?
Rich Kinder: Yes, we continue to work on it but we don’t have commitments yet. So we are not putting it in the backlog. There is some indication from the market that people have been very focused on getting some of their dry gas outlet taking care of course and they’re going to turn their focus and attention to additional wet woods or NGL outlets. So I would say that the interest in the project continues to grow. So the update for the quarter is people are interested and more interested than they were the quarter before. But until that turns itself into signatures on contracts again it’s not going in the backlog and we’re not going to call it done. And as Tom pointed out, we do have the ability to use that line. We’re preserving the ability to do both. And that’s our preference. We want to do residue gas outlets on the TGP system. We want to presser the Y grade option assuming our customers are willing to sign-up. But ultimately if they’re not, then we can put that line in residue gas service and put it to good use that way. So long story short, we don’t have the commitments we need yet, but I think interests from the customers continue to grow and we’ll keep working on it.
Brian Zarahn : And then I guess that and the other project that are not in your backlog and how should we think about the potential growth and the inventory now through 2017 if some of these projects are added, maybe currently 16.4, I mean can we got to a $20 billion number or how should we just think of a range with potential outcomes?
 Barclay Capital: And then I guess that and the other project that are not in your backlog and how should we think about the potential growth and the inventory now through 2017 if some of these projects are added, maybe currently 16.4, I mean can we got to a $20 billion number or how should we just think of a range with potential outcomes?
Steve Kean: Hi Brian and as you know we’re being very conservative about that different people take different approaches to how they articulate their backlog. People sometimes put in projects that they think ought to get done or have a good reason to get done, but we have tend to put in the ones that are just very high probability. And so for example UTOPIA I think is a project that gets done but we’re not quite there yet. We got to have an open season, we got to firm that LOI up in to a real firm transport commitment. That's another 300 plus million dollar project there. If you remember from Investor Day, Tom articulated about $15 billion worth of projects in the natural gas sector alone, adding on to what we’ve signed up here recently on EPNG may be getting at a couple of those northeast expansion, both of the northeast expansion projects so we did the non-binding open season in. Those are billion dollar, multibillion dollar moves or additions to the backlog. But again we’re going to continue. I think we’re going to maintain the same methodology here. We’ll identify some of those things for you but we’re going to keep the backlog limited to those things that we’re highly confident we’re going to put in service.
Brian Zarahn : And then turning to…
 Barclay Capital: And then turning to…
Steve Kean: Just to say we’d be highly confident we’re going to put in service.
Brian Zarahn : Okay. Turning to Ruby, it looks like GIP is ready to sell its remaining 50% stake. How do you think about that option?
 Barclay Capital: Okay. Turning to Ruby, it looks like GIP is ready to sell its remaining 50% stake. How do you think about that option?
Rich Kinder: Well, we'll just see how that develops. Clearly as we’ve said we’re going to drop -- KMI is going drop its half down to EPB this year and we’ll just see how the GIP sale goes and really don’t have any counting on it other than that.
Brian Zarahn : Okay. And then on the CO2 business, what impact if any is backwardation having on your hedging program?
 Barclay Capital: Okay. And then on the CO2 business, what impact if any is backwardation having on your hedging program?
Rich Kinder: Well we maintain the discipline under our hedging program and we hedge whatever the price is and obviously the backwardated market that hedged price in the out years is lower than the front-end. We believe that will probably change but we’re not in the business under our hedge policy of guessing on that, so we stay within our parameters. Obviously within those parameters we try to pick off the days when the out years are a little stronger. But we’re maintaining that as we always do, we have we’re more heavily hedged obviously in the front-end than in the back-end.
Brian Zarahn : And just a last one from me on the warrants how many are standing at the moment?
 Barclay Capital: And just a last one from me on the warrants how many are standing at the moment?
Kim Dang: 317 million.
Brian Zarahn : Thanks Kim.
 Barclay Capital: Thanks Kim.
Operator: Next question comes from Ted Durbin with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Ted, how are you doing?
Ted Durbin : Hey doing well, thanks Rich. Just want to come back to gas here and may be again push a little bit more on -- what’s the sort of incremental capital you think you need to put in two, three ups in other Bcf a day of volumes out of the Marcellus to get to the Gulf Coast?
 Goldman Sachs: Hey doing well, thanks Rich. Just want to come back to gas here and may be again push a little bit more on -- what’s the sort of incremental capital you think you need to put in two, three ups in other Bcf a day of volumes out of the Marcellus to get to the Gulf Coast?
Rich Kinder: Tom?
Tom Martin: Yes, I mean that’s a tough one. Again it really just depends where the source of supply is and ultimately where we’re trying to get to. I mean I think right now the biggest volume opportunity is going to be the Marcellus supply project into right New York and right New York into New England, those are going to be the most cost effective expansions right now and then we’ll look at -- we’re continuing to look at how we can get more volume down to the Gulf Coast but those are going to be more expensive.
Ted Durbin : Okay. And then can you give us any more color around whether it’s the most recent supply project, you have done a project with Antero or the future ones, how are you thinking about sort of the option value of the capacity you have. Would you charge max rates? Should we expect negotiated rates that would be higher than what your sort of tariff that is on file with the FERC?
 Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then can you give us any more color around whether it’s the most recent supply project, you have done a project with Antero or the future ones, how are you thinking about sort of the option value of the capacity you have. Would you charge max rates? Should we expect negotiated rates that would be higher than what your sort of tariff that is on file with the FERC?
Rich Kinder: Yes, I think you can expect it all on our new projects. These are negotiated rate contracts.
Ted Durbin : Got it.
 Goldman Sachs: Got it.
Tom Martin: Higher than a non-filed tariff yes they have to justify the capital expenditure.
Ted Durbin : Right. Got it. And then if we’re thinking about and this is a small one but just the impact of weather on some of the volumes just may be in the gas segment or any other segments. Can you quantify that at all?
 Goldman Sachs: Right. Got it. And then if we’re thinking about and this is a small one but just the impact of weather on some of the volumes just may be in the gas segment or any other segments. Can you quantify that at all?
Rich Kinder: The impact of weather was -- Steve can take you through the exact increase year-over-year, but a lot of what we’re seeing now is longer term demand across the whole system and to me that’s much more important than weather. Steve can give you…
Steve Kean: I think that’s the key as that when Rich was talking about the 2.8 Bcf of contracts, those were 15 year average commitment or nearly 15 years commitment. So that’s not about the weather, that’s not about a cold winter. That’s obviously -- that’s about long-term need or long-term demand for the capacity. I think we saw benefits from the colder weather certainly on the Texas intrastate we saw it on NGPL, the NGPL asset. On a lot of our other assets, intrastate assets we’re pretty much looking at demand charge, primarily demand charge based revenue received so it’s a little less whether dependent in the short run, I mean, again everybody got a real wakeup about the need to hold firm transport capacity this winter and I think that again holds promise for demand for future capacity and maybe for some of the expansions into the northeast for example, but that’s not really a short-term phenomena, that’s really just driving long-term demand for transportation. And as I mention you know we had record, we got very high storage results on the Texas intrastate and for good sales opportunities for us there as well.
Ted Durbin : Great. I leave you at that. Thank you.
 Goldman Sachs: Great. I leave you at that. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Great. Craig, how are you doing?
Craig Shere : Good. Thanks Rich. Good afternoon. Let’s stay on the potential growth opportunities, can you just update us on the FERC application at Elba prospects you are securing FTA-based export contracts for Gulf LNG and if you are any more optimistic around non-FTA authorizations now that I think Elba six in line and Gulf LNG is seventh and Russia is saber rattling?
 Tuohy Brothers: Good. Thanks Rich. Good afternoon. Let’s stay on the potential growth opportunities, can you just update us on the FERC application at Elba prospects you are securing FTA-based export contracts for Gulf LNG and if you are any more optimistic around non-FTA authorizations now that I think Elba six in line and Gulf LNG is seventh and Russia is saber rattling?
Rich Kinder: Yes. [Indiscernible] On the FERC application we have filed the FERC application for Elba now and I of course remember that that’s not contingent, really that’s the only contingent left just getting the FERC approval because it’s not contingent on non-FTA approval, although we think we’d like to have that that would give our customers show a little more of leave way and work loose the LNG out of Elba. But we filed and are moving forward on that so that’s about to grow. On Gulf LNG we and our partner there just primarily GE have now authorized money on a pre-feed expeditor. We have a lot of interest there. And we think that about the time we complete the pre-feed we will have MOU signed for that capacity at Gulf LNG. Now, let me be very clear the MOUs are MOUs and that doesn’t mean they are fully binding on either side because we will certainly want to go beyond the pre-feed to nail down the cost of the project and our customers will want to nail down the cost, the tariff is going to be charge them, I’d say we’ve turned more optimistic on that and we and GE together have decided to go forward with the pre-feed based on the conversations we’ve had over the last two or three months. I think this whole LNG export market has become more interesting, I don’t know if they are going to move up the liquidity of approval on a non-FTA request given what’s happening in [indiscernible]. I would think they should and that as others have said they should use FERC as a clearing agency as opposed to DOE making decisions, they should just approve ever by like FERC started out, and let the contract work started out. But we’ll see how that turns around but we believe that Gulf LNG does have some potential and we’ll count on that.
Steven Kean: Yes I think we have a feeling over there that as you know Gulf LNG is the last remaining ground field with the fraction opportunity and I think what our balance sheet I think the customer response and the interest has been very positive so far.
Craig Shere : Great. And if I can get Jim for a second, it looks like your oil production fell 1.5% sequentially, but they are obviously out year-over-year. Can you provide any color on the progression of production this year? And do you have any updates you can share about the potential CO2 supply sales in the California, the LNG flooding or ROZ?
 Tuohy Brothers: Great. And if I can get Jim for a second, it looks like your oil production fell 1.5% sequentially, but they are obviously out year-over-year. Can you provide any color on the progression of production this year? And do you have any updates you can share about the potential CO2 supply sales in the California, the LNG flooding or ROZ?
Jim Wuerth: From the volumes SACROC continues to be strong, month to-date we are so running about 32,000 barrels a day. And Yates, you know it’s a slow decline there we’re trying to do what we can to maintain that as best as we can, the other two new ones are both responding pretty well in a last few days, at Katz we’ve been close to 4,000 barrels a day and at Goldsmith we’re 15,000 barrels a day, so both are moving up. So I think the outlook on the crude side is volume is still really good. As far as potential of CO2 to California, obviously that’s going to be a long haul project, we do have some -- obviously we have some interest out there from some customers, we’ve signed some documents there, but that probably be putting on can you get approval to move CO2 into California, so that’s where we are working today. As far as the Yates had to cover miserable project where we should be kicking that off here this quarter, the test I filled it on that and based on the results of that, we’ll move that forward.
Craig Shere : And anything on ROZ that you could share at this point?
 Tuohy Brothers: And anything on ROZ that you could share at this point?
Rich Kinder: Obviously we’ve done some additional phase I drilling and continue to be very bullish on what we’re seeing, we’re actually out in the phase I area now drilling, start-up couple of wells out there, so hopefully we should have something that where we’re injecting CO2 by the end of the year.
Craig Shere : Okay. And one general question, when you say that CO2 is recycled over many years each time it’s not the same quantity right, because you’re getting 30% to 50% each time. So ultimately like when you buy 100 million cubic feet of CO2 to inject, how many times do you think you’re going to inject that twice or three times?
 Tuohy Brothers: Okay. And one general question, when you say that CO2 is recycled over many years each time it’s not the same quantity right, because you’re getting 30% to 50% each time. So ultimately like when you buy 100 million cubic feet of CO2 to inject, how many times do you think you’re going to inject that twice or three times?
Rich Kinder: One ways you can kind of look at it is on a normal field you have to purchase about 6 Mcf per barrel of oil. What really happens is you have about 11 to 13 times that you inject the volumes of CO2. So a little about double, little over double basically it says that rolls to at least twice.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers: That’s very helpful. And last question back to Rich, if Jim does as well as it sounds, it’s possible and ROZ and EUR still looked at as a negative roll for KMP. Could you see an argument long-term for why the broader CO2 segment may make more sense to trade separately than stay in EPB?
Rich Kinder: EPB, you mean as a separate MLP?
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers: Yeah, I mean people always ask you once in a blue moon would you ever consolidate EPB. Obviously that makes some sense over time, the question is if it’s getting the respect and it’s laying down the rest of the business and there is other natural interested investors in it. Why long-term when we just have a good portion of CO2 just trade separately?
Rich Kinder: Well we look at all alternatives certainly there is a lot of issues on what the tax basis would be, spotted out. Lot of issues we’re doing, separating and we’re very bullish on the CO2 business I think right now not being appropriate time to do something like that. We saw at the analyst presentation the kind of uptick in distributable cash flow, we expect from those operations. It’s a unique entity because everybody right now is in love with the Permian basin in terms of E&P activities there; well that’s where we are. But the thing that separates us from most other people is we have our own in house supply of CO2 which we certainly will and can sell to third parties. But we can also use for our own efforts which gives us I think a tremendous leg up and enable to continue to grow things like ROZ if that turns out and certainly sack (Ph) rock is just a big field, things are getting bigger we’re really pleased with the way everything is going here. So we are very pleased with, again we always consider all kinds of alternatives at Kinder Morgan but we think CO2 is a good fit the way it is.
Operator: Our next question comes from [indiscernible]. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: With all of the opportunities in the natural gas pipeline segment, I was wondering if you could provide an update on investments in the partnerships coal terminals and also by Kinder Morgan resources. And somewhat related I think ‘14 budget called for about 23% increase in coal export volume due to increased capacity along the Gulf. Is that still your expectation in light of the weak met coal pricing?
Rich Kinder: We have actually a budget of 27 million tonnes as we mentioned at the analyst meeting 25 million of that is under a long-term take or pay. And we were off slightly on tonnage in this quarter 1.3 million tonnes we were actually up $2.3 million over our plan owing to short haul payments from our customers there. We did complete one transaction at Kinder Morgan resources our first one, it was a Blue Eagle and Central App, it was 25 million tonnes acquisition -- $25 million, 25 million tonnes of proven capacity, proven reserves. First one has a very nice high-teen returns and we’re looking forward to seeing others as they progress.
Unidentified Analyst: And then also with regard to the BOSTCO, I was wondering how is the market for black oils right now including like micro fuel. And how have your plans evolved with regard to developing BOSTCO as you move into considering Phase 2.
Rich Kinder: We just commissioned our 49th of 51 tanks last week, it’s ramping up nice, we expect it to be completely online by the end of the second quarter. And we’re looking at a Phase 3 expansion right now. Phase 3 can go one of two ways we can look at more distilled or more black oils there. I personally believe there will be leaning towards the distillate side as we go forward. And the market seems to be very strong we’re looking at expansion and a further expansion at our Pasadena and Galena Park on the gasoline side and strong demand on distillates as well specifically on the export side.
Operator: Our next question comes from Faisel Khan with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: I had just a few questions, on the broad run pipeline expansion and associated sort of infrastructure investments. What do you guys expect for the revenue contribution from that $782 million investment?
Rich Kinder: We’ve got effective mid teens unlevered rate of return on and it really comes into service in two pieces. So we have fairly low capital portion of it that will compete in 2015 but that’s a fair amount of revenue associated with that. And then the rest of it comes online in 2017. I don’t know -- I don’t think we have this specific separate number representing what that revenue after that CapEx will be that I think just used the kind of mid teens return, if you guide.
Rich Kinder: I think fair enough.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: And then it’s on the CO2 business with the expansion project you guys announced how much of the 300 million cubic feet a day is for third parties versus yourself?
Rich Kinder: We’ll see how that turns out what exact mix is. We have lot of demand for it right now and we’re going to see, wait a little bit to see how that ROZ wells turnout before we make a decision on how much to sell to third party. But it will be a mix of sales to third parties and utilization to our self and that’s one of the nice position that we’re as we can kind of make that call as we’re drilling up St. John and building Lobos pipeline.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay, got it. And then can you give us a sense of sort of how you’re thinking about the timing on making a decision on whether - there is a potential combination for EPB into KMP?
Rich Kinder: That would be up to the two sets of independent directors, Faisel. At some point and I’ve said this all along, it probably does make sense to put two together but it’s got to be on terms that both of them agree and so we’ll see how that plays out over the remainder of this year. And again we’re going to complete dropdown to EPB that we’ve agreed on and get that done and then we’ll how see the whole thing plays out. But it will be a primarily decision of the two, the two sets of independent directors.
Operator: And the next question comes from John Edward with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Edward - Credit Suisse: Just a couple of questions. You’ve talked about the increase to the inventory of backlog projects and I know you sort of had inventory of identified but not put in the backlog yet at Analyst Day and I think it was something like 24.5 billion or thereabouts and I’m just wondering what changes your scene there and if you can give us kind of rough idea of where that stands?
Rich Kinder: We didn’t really update that since the Investor Conference. So I think as you saw the guidance as anything, I mean, I think we have seen stuff particularly on the GAAP sector I think pop on to the radar screen not going to the backlog, the top onto the radar screen since the conference. And I think one of the things we’ve showed in the conference that had been on the backlog, but sort of jumped from not on the horizon to the backlog with the Magnolia project for example our transport capacity off of Kinder Morgan Louisiana in support of the Magnolia project. But look I think that the trend generally -- we haven’t updated that number but the trend generally is that we’re seeing more opportunities as driven by the things that Rich was talking about infrastructure investment in North America to support all this production. And the demand side which we’re now just speaking and/or kind of on the front with appear on the GAAP side has the tendency the direction on it is to add to that project.
John Edward - Credit Suisse: Okay, that’s helpful. And then just kind of following on Brad’s earlier questions on TGP. In terms of say BCF per day available for reversals, what do you have available this point and then I know you negotiate the rates but just broadly speaking about what kind of rate that does it take to ship gas on TGP now from on a reversal type project, broadly not asking to disclose your confidential rates but just kind of in broad terms if you talk about that?
Rich Kinder: I guess everything they were shipping now will be under expansion project that was going to take additional capital and create more capacity. And as I said earlier, all the low hanging fruits have been picked, so the cost of the next project will be greater than what we had to dispense due to Ontario project with broad one project. I don’t we’re done, but I think as I said earlier, I think the most cost effective next expansion that we do will actually be Marcellus project that ultimately feeds into New England as opposed coming next to Gulf Coast, but we’ll certainly look at it. And we’re seeing rates generally in market from projects out in open seasons to be somewhere approaching the dollar now from Marcellus to the Gulf Coast, so I think in general terms that’s probably a number to be thinking about.
John Edward - Credit Suisse: Okay that’s helpful. So just to confirm and when you say the low hanging fruit is now gone at this point, there is not really a lot of available capacity because you haven’t spent some fairly significant dollars to do reversal, is that a correct way to interpret that?
Rich Kinder: I mean we’ve got everything under contract now to support all these expansion projects and we’re fully sold out.
John Edward - Credit Suisse: Okay great and then in terms of you did mention you’ve bought back both warrant and KMI stock during the quarter. I think you said 55 million on the warrant and 84 million on the KMI stock during the quarter, so in terms of weighing those two how you’re looking that tradeoff between buying those back?
Rich Kinder: The analysis that we do is same that we described you in our quarters. During the quarter, the repurchases of stock were done first and then we completed that $150 million authorization and then you probably saw the 8-K in March where we announced $100 million authorization and we spent about 55 of that and that was all warrant repurchased.
Operator: Thank you. The last question comes from Christine Chou with Barclays. Your line is open.
Christine Chou - Barclays: Can we go over the expectation for the four-time that the EBITDA number by yearend 2014 at EPB? The Gulf LNG and Ruby asset will be coming with over $1 billion of debt and I think your budget assumes 600 million of issuances. So taking all that with the EBITDA that the drops will contribute partially offset by lower rate fund SNG and WIC. I get a number close to the 43 now just wondering if something has changed or if there is anything I’m missing.
Rich Kinder: Ruby and Gulf LNG are joint ventures and the debt will not be consolidated. We do not believe and so the four-time is without consolidation of those joint ventures.
Christine Chou - Barclays: Okay, perfect. And then just following up on the Ruby question that Brian asked and I know you’ve talked about your intent to drop Ruby into EPB, but is there possibility of selling your half on the table at all kind of similar to what happens when the other partners of Express-Platte hold our stakes?
Rich Kinder: Yes, we look at any reason probably but we’re not actively marketing it Christine. We’re in the process of dropping it down and to good long-term asset with what a good contracts that run out into the next decade. But we wouldn’t rule out any possibilities on it.
Christine Chou - Barclays: Okay great. And then can you provide us any update on the TGP abandonment process for the capacity that you would like to convert for the Y-grade line?
Rich Kinder: Yes, I can say we have not filed to seek abandonment of it. We would want to see the commercial part of this to make sure further, but we believe we worked closely with good advisors to articulate a clear path to get to abandonment. But we’re not other than sort of getting prepared we’re not at the point of filing.
Christine Chou - Barclays: And then once you, if and when you do file it’s about 9 month, is that the process?
Rich Kinder: Now we have assessed probably more, more like a year then working on.
Christine Chou - Barclays: Okay and then last one for me. This is just a broader question as we try to figure out how gas flows are going to involve in the next year or two? With respect to the NGPL reversal once the gas gets into the system from racks we should first have the option to go North or South?
Rich Kinder: On the secondary basis but on the firm basis, the path will be held down.
Christine Chou - Barclays: Okay, great. Thank you.
Rich Kinder: Okay and that’s it Holly. So we thank you very much for your questions in a good call. We think we had a good quarter and we look forward to talking to you again soon.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today’s conference call. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-15 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Richard D. Kinder - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Steven J. Kean - President of Kinder Morgan GP Inc, Chief Operating Officer of Kinder Morgan GP Inc and Director of Kinder Morgan GP Inc Kimberly Allen Dang - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President Thomas A. Bannigan - President of Products Pipelines for Kinder Morgan GP Inc and Vice President of Kinder Morgan GP Inc Dax A. Sanders - Vice President of Corporate Development James P. Wuerth - Vice President and President of Co2 Division
Analysts: Darren Horowitz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Brian J. Zarahn - Barclays Capital, Research Division Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. John Edwards - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Jeremy B. Tonet - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Kevin Kaiser Rebecca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors LLC, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Kinder Morgan Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is also being recorded. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect. [Operator Instructions] And I would now like to turn the call over to Rich Kinder, Chairman and CEO of Kinder Morgan. You may begin, sir.
Richard D. Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Holly. Welcome to the Kinder Morgan Analyst Call. We'll be discussing Kinder Morgan, Inc., which I'll refer to as KMI; Kinder Morgan Energy Partners, referred to as KMP; and El Paso Pipeline Partners, referred to as EPB. As usual, we're likely to make statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. I'll do an overview of the results and recent developments, as Steve Kean, our Chief Operating Officer, will give the details of business segment performance and discuss our backlog of future projects; and Kim Dang, our CFO, will go through the financial details for both the fourth quarter and full year 2013; and then we'll take any questions you may have. And let me start with KMP. We raised the quarterly distribution on KMP to $1.36 for the full year 2013. We declared $5.33 in distributions. That's up 7% compared to 2012 and 5% above our original plan for 2014 of $5.28. Our full year DCF per unit, which we believe is an important way of measuring our success, was $5.39, up 6% from a year ago. Indicating how strong our performance at KMP was, our total DCF was up 28% for the fourth quarter and 26% for the full year. Segment earnings before DD&A was up 22% for the quarter and 27% for full year 2013. Steve will discuss the drivers of this growth, but overall, we were pleased with the performance of all 5 business segments. But I think particularly noteworthy were the integration of the Copano and El Paso assets in our Natural Gas group, a nice increase in refined products volumes at our Products Pipelines group and increased oil and NGL production in our CO2 segment, particularly at our SACROC Unit. I'm also proud of the progress we've made on numerous growth projects at KMP that positioned us for a strong future. We've detailed those in our earnings release. But especially important in my view were these recent developments. First, the series of expansions on our Kinder Morgan crude and condensate line running out of the Eagle Ford into the Houston Ship Channel, where we have now committed about $1 billion in capital and we have long-term commitments for over 200,000 barrels per day when this capital is fully ramped up. Secondly, our very successful binding open season on Tennessee Gas Pipeline for our incremental North to South natural gas transportation. Third, our purchase of American Petroleum Tankers and State Class Tankers for $962 million, which we expect to close this month. Fourth, our joint venture with Imperial Oil for a major crude derail terminal in Edmonton, Alberta. And fifth, our letter of intent with NOVA to construct the new NGL pipeline from Harrison County, Ohio to connect with our Cochin Pipeline at Riga, Michigan, which in turn will transport the product to Windsor, Ontario. All these and a host of other projects result in a backlog of $13.5 billion at KMP alone and I think bode well for continued growth at KMP for the future. As we've previously announced, we expect to declare our distributions for 2014 of $5.58 per unit, and that's up 5% from 2013. At EPB, the story is not as robust, at least not in the short term. Total distributions declared for the full year 2013 were $2.55. That's up nicely 13% from 2012. But distributable cash flow per unit was $2.62 for '13, down from $2.82 in '12. Cash generated by EPB's pipeline assets improved year-to-year, and there were a number of moving factors there. But the GP incentive paid to KMI increased by approximately $65 million as a result of the higher LP distributions and a slightly higher number of EPB units outstanding. Also, EPB faced some headwinds from 2 rate case settlements and from some contract renewals on some of our Western pipelines. The significant recent development at EPB is that Shell has notified us that they will move forward with Phase 2 of the Elba Island LNG JV, which at max volume would involve an additional CapEx of around $500 million, bringing the total investment in that facility to about $1.5 billion. There will also be additional investment and earnings for EPB from required expansion of pipelines connecting to that facility and other ancillary facilities. At EPB, as we've previously stated, we expect to declare distribution of $2.60 for 2014, and we expect to drop KMI's interest in Gulf LNG and the Ruby Pipeline to EPB during 2014. Let me turn to KMI. I think we had another fine year at KMI. Again, I believe the numbers speak for themselves. For the full year 2013, KMI generated cash available to pay dividends of $1.713 billion. That's up 21% from 2012 and exceeding our budget number of $1.632 billion. We declared dividends of $1.60 per share for 2013. That was up 14% from 2012. And our cash available for dividends per share was $1.65 per share. With the total backlog of $14.8 billion in projects at KMP and EPB, we think we have excellent growth in the future of KMI and that, that growth will extend for years to come. We expect to declare dividends for 2014 of $1.72, an increase of 8% over what we declared in 2013. Now I'd be remiss if I didn't speak of one other topic before turning this over to Steve. While we had an excellent year at the Kinder Morgan companies, both financially and operationally, our units and stocks underperformed the market by a wide margin. Now perhaps we failed to adequately communicate our story, although we certainly tried, and maybe we did communicate it, and the message was not accepted. I don't know the answer to which it was, but I do believe that particularly at KMI and KMP, these securities are trading at the greatest disconnect to appropriate valuation since the period in 2006, just before we took the first KMI private. Like now, back in 2006, we had an enormous backlog of projects. And like now, many experts will find that we were too big to be able to continue to grow at an acceptable rate. We proved the doubters wrong the first time around, and I anticipate the same result this time. Reflecting this belief in the Kinder Morgan companies, as many of you know, I've been a buyer of KMI shares. I've purchased over 800,000 shares in December alone. So I guess my message to those who saw the story less positively was you sell, I'll buy, and we see who comes out the best in the long run. And with that, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steven J. Kean: All right. Thanks, Rich. I'm going to start with the project backlog. As Rich mentioned, we've been updating this backlog, really, starting with the investor conference in January of 2013 and intend to do it probably quarterly going forward. In the fourth quarter, the backlog increased from $14.4 billion to $14.8 billion, and this is a combined KMP and EPB look. And we had that increase even though we had over $900 million worth of capital projects go into service and come off the backlog during the quarter. So the project additions grew the total backlog while offsetting the projects that went into service. The larger projects that went into service were on our TGP system, both the Northeast Upgrade Project and the Marcellus Pooling Point Project, as well as some export coal terminal facility expansions in our Terminals business segment. Now a few facts about how we put this backlog together. First, it's made up of those projects that we are highly confident will get done. Not guaranteed, but highly confident, high probability. We would expect to actually do more projects and invest more capital than what we have in the backlog, but until we consider project highly probable, we don't add it in. So, for example, we don't have in the backlog our current joint venture Y-Grade project from Pennsylvania to Texas. We believe that project is very attractive as a solution for producers in the Utica and Marcellus. And we're actively marketing it, but we won't put it in the backlog until we see strong indications of commitments coming through. Now the business unit by business unit composition and change in the backlog is as follows: the gas group went down in the quarter from $2.9 billion to $2.7 billion. That's because we had over $500 million worth of expansions come online in the gas group during the quarter, and that was partially offset by additional expansions, primarily to EPB associated with our liquefaction JV with Shell at Elba Island and the associated pipeline expansions. One other development to keep an eye on. We had a recent very deep freeze, as everybody knows, a little over a week ago, and we were able to keep all of our firm customers whole. We met all of our firm requirements, including 2 electric generators who had firm transport capacity on us. But as most of you know, there was a lot of gas generation that was offline in the U.S. Northeast and was being replaced by more expensive and less environmentally benign fuel sources. What that tells us is that the U.S. Northeast needs a lot more firm transport, and we are actively dealing with customers to try to put something together in the way of an expansion. We think it's going to drive additional investment opportunities for us, but we're not yet putting it in our backlog. At the Products group, it's up slightly to $1.1 billion in the backlog due out of projects further expanding our crude and condensate network in the Eagle Ford. Terminals is up a little under $200 million since the last update to $2.3 billion. We had a little under $100 million worth of projects go into service and come off the backlog during the quarter, but these were more than offset by the tanker buildouts associated with the Jones Act ships acquisition, some of those are -- which are under construction, along with additional expansions of our crude by rail capabilities. Now there's another point worth noting here, that a lot of activity in 2 hubs in North America, Edmonton and Houston, and we are rapidly expanding our already large positions there. So in Edmonton, we're increasing our storage capability by 50% to about 6.8 million barrels and our huge position in the Houston Ship Channel by 26% to just under 40 million barrels capacity. So put that in context, we have, we believe, the largest independent liquids terminal facility in the world in the Houston Ship Channel, and we are growing that by 26% in capacity. So activities at those 2 hubs continue to drive midstream investment opportunities for us. CO2 source of transportation, the part of the business where we produce CO2 and transport it for our use and for third-party use. We continue to see strong demand. We're up slightly here on the backlog but still rounds to $1.8 billion as it did last time. In our enhanced oil recovery portion of CO2, we're up to a little over $1.5 billion from a little under $1.2 billion in our last update, primarily due to additional projects at SACROC and in our residual oil zone recovery new developments. Now in this area, unlike the rest of our business where we're doing these expansion projects with a lot of third-party contracts, this part of our backlog can change based on changes in our development plans, and we had some changes in those plans in the quarter. And, of course, our biggest project is in Canada, the $5.4 billion Trans Mountain expansion, unchanged from our last update. But we did cross a key milestone in the quarter. We got our voluminous facilities application on file with the National Energy Board, which starts that process under a defined time frame by the federal authorities and as we seek approval for that project. In our recent investor presentations, we've also divided our projects across the years, and we've had some back-end loading associated primarily with TMX and some front-end loading associated primarily with just the newer projects that we've gotten developed. We've kind of a hollowed-out middle, if you will, 2014 and '15, in the backlog, and that's because it takes us a year or 2 to develop the projects. We said we would probably be filling in that middle as we took projects from development stage into end of the backlog. And that, in fact, happened. So since January, when we first did this to the current update, we've added $2.4 billion worth of projects in 2014 and '15. So bottom line is we're continuing to find new opportunities that are more than offsetting the projects we're putting into service. So now we'll go through the segment review, and I'm just going to focus on 2012 -- full year performance versus 2012, and then a little bit about the outlook. So the gas -- starting with the gas segment. Gas segment of KMP was up 70% in 2013 on a segment earnings before DD&A on a full year basis compared to 2012. That increased the result of the drop-down transactions, TGP and EPNG, and the closing of the Copano acquisition in May of 2013. And those acquisitions more than offset the decline year-over-year associated with having divested certain assets in the Rockies associated with our El Paso acquisition. This segment also successfully -- and the corporate group as well, successfully integrated the Copano assets, and we exceeded the economics in our acquisition model for the year. On EPB, asset earnings before DD&A were up slightly on a full year basis. The negatives, which Rich mentioned, electric generation on the SNG system and impact of rate case settlements were offset by the other EPB assets on a year-over-year basis. Looking ahead here, we continue to be very bullish on the opportunities presented by our Natural Gas Pipelines storage and processing network. We had a couple of large projects come online, as I mentioned, but we continue to add projects and overall continue to identify and capture opportunities and expansions that are driven by, one, exports to Mexico, LNG, and even Canada now, Eastern Canada; two, the demand from electric generation and industrial and petchem uses; and three, the need to transport gas out of the shale plays, primarily Eagle Ford and Marcellus. And our really epic open season on Tennessee Gas Pipeline for backhaul capacity out of the Utica and Marcellus is evidence of that. The headwinds in the gas segment are rate cases and the decline in basis spreads on some portions of our network. CO2 segment earnings share [ph] before DD&A were over $1.4 billion for the year, up 8%. Growth was driven by higher volumes and higher prices. I think noteworthy here, oil volume growth was due to performance at SACROC, which was 32,000 -- over 32,000 barrels a day in the fourth quarter, up almost 6% on a quarter year-over-year basis and on a full year basis. Growth also came from improved volumes at Katz and the addition of the Goldsmith Unit in 2013. Katz averaged just under 2,700 barrels per day. That's up 56% from the average in 2012 and ended the year at around 3,500 barrels a day. We continue to see strong demand for CO2, and we brought on additional supplies in the quarter with the in-service of our Doe Canyon source field expansion in southwest Colorado, which came in slightly better than budget, way ahead of schedule and at higher production than planned, so a very successful expansion there. And we continue to pursue several large development projects to get more CO2 to our fields and to others. In the Products group, segment earnings before DD&A were $784 million. That's up 12% versus last year, essentially flat to plan. It was flat to plan even though it was negatively -- essentially flat to plan even though it was negatively impacted by the California Court of Appeal's rate decision disallowing the tax allowance in the second quarter of 2013. That was offset by strong performance at Cochin, Transmix. And the Terminals facilities within the Products segment was very good work by the Products team to overcome that regulatory negative and get within 1% of plan for the year. Also of note here is we're finally just seeing some increase in refined products volumes on a year-over-year basis, with volumes up 6.3% with Plantation, 2.6% without Plantation in Q4 and 4.5% on a full year basis. We also saw the first material increase in volumes year-over-year on our Pacific system since 2007, and we were up 2.1% [ph] on a full year basis on the mainline volumes. Looking forward, we continue to add projects to the backlog in this segment, primarily building off our KMCC system in the Eagle Ford and with additions to our Cochin system -- or additional projects in our Cochin system. Terminals here, segment earnings before DD&A were $798 million, up 6% from 2012 but below plan. But this group had, I think, even though being below plan, had a very good business development here in terms of laying the groundwork for the future and developing additional projects. Highlights here, we started bringing online our BOSTCO terminal project in the Houston Ship Channel and our Edmonton Terminal expansion. Those projects both had expansions under contract before the first phase was done. So again, highlighting the strong demand for our services in those 2 locations. And again, we continue to identify and capture numerous opportunities for expansion there. Kinder Morgan Canada segment earnings were $199 million for the year, down 13% from 2012 due to the sale of Express and increases in book taxes. But the main story here continues to be the expansion of Trans Mountain from 300,000 barrels a day to 890,000 barrels a day, expansions under long-term contracts, approved by NEB. We've got our Facilities Application on file. We expect to complete construction still at the end of 2017. And that's it for the segment overview, and with that, I'll turn it over to Kim.
Kimberly Allen Dang: Okay. Thanks, Steve. Just going through the numbers. Looking at the first page of numbers in the KMP press release is our GAAP income statement, and on that, you can see the declared distribution today of $1.36, which results in a distribution of $5.33 for the year. I'm going to turn to the second page and walk you through our calculation of distributable cash flow and the drivers of the growth. That distributable cash flow is reconciled to the GAAP numbers on the first page. The $1.36 -- we generated DCF per unit, as Rich said, of $1.44, which was up 7% versus the $1.36 distribution. That resulted in $36 million of coverage in the quarter, consistent with what I told you last quarter. We expect to have positive coverage in the fourth quarter. We also have positive coverage for the year. For the year, distributable cash flow per unit was $5.39, up 6%, versus our declared distribution of $5.33. That's $22 million in excess coverage for the year. That comes in just slightly below our budget, $12 million below our budget of $34 million in coverage. Total DCF, $635 million in the quarter. That's up $140 million or 28% versus the fourth quarter a year ago. And just to walk you through the pieces of that. The segments are up $279 million or 22%, with approximately 70% of that $279 million or about $191 million of the increase coming out of the Gas group for the reasons that Steve mentioned. $55 million is the growth in CO2; $27 million in Products; $23 million in Terminals. And then as Steve said, Kinder Morgan was down for the quarter, about $17 million due to the Express sale and book taxes. Now as you know, book taxes have no impact on our total DCF because in our calculation of DCF, we add back book taxes and subtract out cash taxes, and there was not a corresponding increase in the cash taxes. And then the Express sale overall is accretive to KMP. It's just it's negative in the segment. We used the proceeds to reduce debt and reduce our equity issuance. And so the benefit of that transaction shows up in other lines. In the quarter, G&A expense was $127 million. That's $19 million increase in expense. That's largely associated with the El Paso acquisition and the Copano acquisition. Interest expense was $225 million in the quarter. That's up $45 million, so $45 million in incremental expense in the quarter. That's primarily associated with balance, which is up on average about $2.9 billion. And then in the quarter, we had increased sustaining capital versus the fourth quarter of last year of about $6 million. So if you take the $279 million increase in the segment, you subtract out the $19 million increase in G&A, $45 million in interest and $6 million on sustaining CapEx, you get to the $140 million increase and distributable cash flow for the quarter. For the full year, total DCF, $2.24 billion, up 26% or $466 million. The segments generated $5.55 billion of earnings before DD&A, up $1.17 billion or 27%. Similar to the quarter as Natural Gas Pipelines, they generated over 80% of the growth. Natural Gas Pipelines was up $962 million, with the biggest piece of that coming from the drops, well north of $800 million, close to $850 million came from the combination of the drop-down assets and the -- including the half of midstream that we bought from KKR. CO2 for the year, up $106 million; Products, up $81 million; Terminals, up $46 million; and then Kinder Morgan Canada, down $29 million for the same reasons as I discussed that impacted the quarter. G&A expense for the quarter was $521 million. That's up $89 million versus 2012, also, largely similar to the quarter, largely as a result of the El Paso drop-down assets and the Copano acquisition. For the full year versus our budget, G&A was $19 million incremental versus our budget, so $19 million negative, associated primarily with the Copano transaction. Interest expense was $850 million for the year. That's increased expense of $218 million, and that's a combination of balance and rate on the -- the balance on average was up about $3.6 billion. And then on the rate, the debt associated with the drop-down transaction, which was assumed with those transaction, was at a slightly higher rate than KMP's existing portfolio, and that's largely what drove up the rate. Versus budget, interest expense was very close to budget, within $2 million, and that's -- we had increased interest expense associated with the Copano transaction, and that was offset by increased capitalized interest as a result of incremental expansion during the -- added to our expansion of CapEx during the year. Sustaining CapEx was an incremental $42 million in 2013 versus 2012 and actually came in about $12 million positive versus our budget. Our budget was -- about $6 million of the $12 million was timing and about $6 million was incremental -- was positive capitalized overhead versus what we originally budgeted. So that is -- that's KMP's DCF. Looking at KMP's balance sheet, I'm going to look at the bottom. Total debt -- total net debt, we ended the year at $19.5 billion in debt. That results in debt-to-EBITDA of 3.8x, consistent with where we told you we would -- last quarter, where we would end the year. Our original budget was 3.7x, but once we revised it to incorporate the Copano acquisition, we expect it to end up at 3.8x. The change in debt for the quarter and for the full year. For the full year, I'm going to reconcile to our actual December 31, 2012 debt balance of $15.35 billion. And what you have on the balance sheet is consistent with GAAP, but it's been restated. So it's not actually a recast for common control accounting. So it's not our actual debt balance at December 31, '12. So using the actual debt balance, the change in debt for the quarter was $458 million, and for the full year, it was $4.2 billion increase in debt. For the quarter, we spent cash on expansions and contributions to equity investments of a little over $980 million. We issued equity of almost $440 million. We had -- we received insurance proceeds of about $48 million associated with claims on Hurricane Sandy to rebuild the terminals in the Northeast, and we had coverage of about $36 million. For the full year, we spent about $10.6 billion on acquisitions, expansions and contributions to equity investments. And then this also includes the first half of the debt associated with EPNG that came on to KMP's balance sheet when they acquired the second half. We raised $6 billion in equity. And just as aside, we raised $1.1 billion in equity through our ATM during the year. Express proceeds were about $320 million net of tax. We unwound some swaps for $96 million. We had contributions from our JV partners of $126 million. These are for investments or actually assets where we consolidate the asset but -- and then we get -- -- receive contributions for our partners for their share of the CapEx. And then insurance proceeds for the full year, $89 million. And then we had a working capital, use of capital, of about $234 million, which is largely associated with AP and AR storage gas and also the acquisition expenses on the Copano transaction. So that is -- that's KMP. Turning to EPB. The first statement, statement of income, you can see our distribution of $0.65, which is up 7%, results in $2.55 for the full year, up 13%. So turning to the second page of numbers, our calculation of distributable cash flow, which, like KMP, is reconciled back to our GAAP income statement. We generated DCF per unit of $0.66 in the quarter versus a distribution of $0.65, so about $2 million in excess coverage. For the full year, generated $2.62 of DCF per unit versus $2.55 distribution, so about $16 million in excess coverage, and that's about $10 million below our budget due to the delay in the drop of Gulf LNG. Total DCF was $144 million, down $19 million in the quarter. And just to walk you through that, the earnings for DD&A were $307 million in the quarter. That's down $11 million. As both Steve and Rich mentioned, primarily, the rate cases on WIC and SNG are the reason for the reduction, as well as lower contract renewals on WIC. G&A during the quarter, $20 million expense. That's about $3 million incremental from the fourth quarter of last year. Interest is essentially flat. Sustaining CapEx was reduced expense at $15 million of about $2 million. The higher GP incentive was $7 million, and that gets you to the $19 million change for the quarter. For the full year, the $569 million in DCF is a $21 million reduction versus a year ago. Looking at the drivers there, the assets generated about $28 million. You can see $20 million of that on the line Earnings Before DD&A. And then $8 million is a result of reduced noncontrolling interest because we acquired the incremental interest in CIG. $20 million decrease in G&A as a result of some cost savings. Interest was $11 million increased expense, primarily increase in rate as we termed up debt associated with the May of 2012 drop-downs towards the end of 2012. And then the GP incentive was higher by about $66 million. The $28 million increase from the assets, about $40 million, so more than all of that was associated with acquisitions. And then that was offset by the rate case impacts and the other things that I mentioned impacting the quarter. That's EPB's distributable cash flow. Looking at EPB's balance sheet, we ended the year at total debt of $4.178 billion. That resulted in debt-to-EBITDA of about 3.8x. That's up from the third quarter, 3.6x, due to some timing and working capital, which I will go through in a second. But the 3.8x is consistent, where we expect it to end what we told you last quarter. The change in debt. For the quarter, we had a $67 million increase in debt. We spent $28 million on expansions and contributions to equity investments, and then we had coverage of $2 million and working capital and other items of a little over $40 million. And the working capital was just timing on accrued interest and property taxes. For the full year, we had a $55 million reduction in debt. We spent over $100 million, about $104 million on expansions and contributions to equity investments. We issued $87 million of equity. We had a positive coverage of $16 million. And then working capital for the full year was a benefit or a source of about $56 million. Turning to KMI. KMI's distributable -- or cash available to pay dividends, $482 million in the quarter. That's up $43 million or 10%. That results in cash available per share of $0.46. And so versus our $0.41 distribution -- or dividend results in coverage of $55 million. The increase in cash available to pay dividends of $43 million, let me just reconcile that for you quickly. The cash coming from our 2 investments in the MLPs and for the investment of KMP and EPB was up $83 million in the quarter or 15%. G&A was relatively flat. Interest was a reduced interest of about $12 million. So it was a benefit, and that's largely associated with pay-down in debt as a result of drop-down transactions. And then assets, the assets, the other assets that we own, we had a reduction in the cash that we received from those of about $31 million as a result of drop-downs. We had a $21 million increase in tax because of increased income. That gets you to the $43 million. For the full year, as Rich said, $1.713 billion in cash available to pay dividends results in cash available per share of $1.65, which is $49 million in excess of the declared dividend of $1.60. The $1.713 billion is an increase of a little over $300 million versus the fourth quarter of last year and is also in excess of our budget by approximately $80 million. On the $300 million increase from 2012, the cash generated from our investments from the 2 MLPs, up $505 million. G&A was increased expense of about $15 million as a result of a full year of the El Paso transaction. Interest expense was increased expense of $27 million, and that was the increased interest associated with the El Paso acquisition, offset by the pay-down in debt associated with the drop-down transaction to KMP. The other assets -- or a reduction in income of $64 million as a result of the drop-down transactions and then cash taxes, an increase of $97 million associated with the increased income, and that gets you to the $302 million. KMI balance sheet. KMI ended the quarter at $9.8 billion in net debt. That's down from $11.4 billion at December of 2012. $11.4 billion, similar to what I explained on KMP, is our actual ending debt balance at December of 2012. What you see on the balance sheet -- the published balance sheet is a recast number. So the $9.8 billion is -- results in debt-to-EBITDA on a fully consolidated basis of 5.1x and on a stand-alone basis of about 3.5x. The change in debt for the quarter and the year. For the quarter, we had a $48 million increase in debt, and that was -- we spent about $174 million on share and warrant repurchase. We had about $47 million in outflows associated with some legacy El Paso items, such as the marketing business and environmental. We had coverage of $55 million. And then we had other items, a source of cash of $118 million, with the largest piece of that, even more than that, being associated with the difference in the cash taxes that we have in the metric versus the cash taxes that we actually pay. Because we are in an NOL position, the cash taxes that we actually pay are much lower than what's in the metric. The metric only assumes about a $300 million use of the NOL. For the year, the change in debt is $1.6 billion reduction. We have $2.2 billion reduction from asset sales. We have share and warrant repurchase, which is a use of cash of $600 million and almost $640 million. We have pension contribution of $50 million. Investments in the MLPs, including the units we took back associated with the dropped KMP of $66 million. Contributions to equity investments, this was before we dropped most of the investments to KMP, was $49 million. The legacy El Paso, we spent about $95 million. Coverage was a positive $49 million. And then we had working capital and other items of about -- or inflow of $232 million. Again, all of this and much more is associated with the difference between the taxes reflected in the metric and the actual cash taxes that we pay. So that's it for the numbers, Rich.
Richard D. Kinder: All right. And with that, Holly, if you want to come back on and open the line for questions for us.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from Darren Horowitz with Raymond James.
Darren Horowitz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Two quick questions from me. The first, and I recognize you're going to provide a lot more detail at the Analyst Day in a few weeks, but I'd like just your macro thoughts on the downstream expansion or repurposing opportunities on KMCC. And I know that you've got that lateral in Gonzales County, so that gives you access to the ship channel. And also, the joint venture with Magellan gets you there, as well as Corpus. And Steve provided a lot of detail, which we appreciate on all those terminal expansions, but when you think about the overall demand pull that drives the export of higher-end dis/splits [distribution and splits] and gas/oil to areas like Latin America, let's just say, if you could just outline the opportunity set and required capital that might be necessary in order to meet that demand beyond 2015, that would be helpful.
Richard D. Kinder: Well, first of all, from a macro standpoint, of course, we continue to extend KMCC outward into the Eagle Ford. And one of the benefits of the Copano acquisition was the ability to connect KMCC to Double Eagle. And so we can now provide a producer with optionality. He can connect and either go all the way to the Houston Ship Channel on KMCC, or if he's in the right place, go down Double Eagle to Corpus. So that's our initial contribution to moving the condensate around. Obviously, I agree with you that the export of refined products is increasingly in vogue. We're handling a fair percentage now that -- in all of our assets along the Houston Ship Channel, and we will continue to expand that by more connectivity, by more berths that we are building and by more storage capabilities. For example, in conjunction with the splitter, which is an outgrowth of KMCC in which we are investing about $360 million per 100,000 barrel splitter that's fully subscribed by BP. We're building 2 sets of new tanks for that. And that will facilitate the ability to move the split product out. It's not refined products, but it will facilitate that ability. So I think we're pretty much on top of it, given all the connectivity we have. And I think we'll be able to continue to benefit from what we see as a significant trend. Steve, anything else on that?
Steven J. Kean: Yes, I mean, the KMCC right now is about 2/3 full under contract, so there's more room for shippers to get in there. As Rich mentioned, that's interconnecting with Double Eagle, so there's really kind of a network down there right now, connecting either Corpus or the Houston Ship Channel. And then, in connection with the splitter project, we're putting in 3 new cross-channel lines between Galena Park and Pasadena, adding to the existing cross channel lines we have there, about 5, I think.
Richard D. Kinder: Six.
Steven J. Kean: Six, okay. And with BOSTCO, we're adding ship docks, adding 12 barge berths, looking at the potential to connect Pasadena and Galena Park with BOSTCO. All those things, it's very hard, Darren, to say well, how much total capital we have put to work there. It's really a question of how much growth there is. It looks like there's going to be a lot, and what customers sign up for. But we're very happy with the network that we've got and its expandability.
Darren Horowitz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Right. I appreciate that. And Steve, last question, I just want to go back to the comments that you made about TGP's open season for that backhaul capacity out of the Northeast. I know that you said in the prepared comments you're looking at additional expansions there, but can you just give us an idea, as you're looking at basis differentials and talking with producers, what you think the scale and scope necessary to meet the production profile to get incremental gas to the Gulf Coast could be? Because it seems like recognizing you're not going to build it before commitments are signed, but it seems like it could be significantly larger than existing capacity in the ground.
Steven J. Kean: That's -- we believe that is absolutely true, and so we're out talking to the market right now about another potential expansion. I'm sure others are as well. It may have as much to do with how much gets expanded into New England, so how much of the gas ends up going that direction or into the Northeast, generally. But we were, I guess maybe some people said they weren't surprised, I was surprised. And it was a very strong open season and it has prompted us to start very quickly on the next round. And I think we just have to see whether the first ones are cheaper, the next ones are more expensive. We have to see if the customers are there for a higher price point. And they may not be immediately, it may take some time and some build up and some ramp-up in production in the Utica for people to really get a sense of what they have, but we expect there's more to come. Tom, do you want to add anything to that?
Thomas A. Bannigan: Yes, I mean, I think the kind of [indiscernible] that we're doing out there which is [Audio Gap] excess of a bcf, maybe closer to 2 Bcf. [Audio Gap] Not all that is something we'll get, but I think it's certainly a representation of what kind of scale is out there, and we're certainly [Audio Gap] option that we have to head back to the Gulf Coast and/or take it to the [Audio Gap]
Richard D. Kinder: Look, what's happening is that the production of Marcellus and Utica is, all of you on this call know, is so huge, that while there is need for more connectivity into the Northeast, particularly New England, the amount of production there has, is in the process, and has already, in some respects, swamped the demand that can be sucked up by the Northeast. And so lines like Tennessee are obviously going to become, in some respects, bifurcated lines, they're going to move a huge chunk of gas downstream from the producing areas of Marcellus and Utica in to the North. And then, as we found in this open season, we're going to move a lot of gas south, to where we think the huge demand is going to be, down here along the Gulf Coast, with all the new downstream facilities being built. So I think it's a very good opportunity for us. The caution would be that obviously, as Steve said, that the cheapest expansability [ph], the low-hanging fruit is always the first one. And that's why I think we were so tremendously oversubscribed in the open season. But now we're working to see what the next level of demand is, and I think we'll capture some of it. Certainly, others will capture some, too.
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Zarahn with Barclays.
Brian J. Zarahn - Barclays Capital, Research Division: First question is on the long-term distribution growth guidance. Is that unchanged with 9%, 10% of KMI, 5% to 6% KMP and EPB? And is that from a full year 2012 base?
Richard D. Kinder: Right now, we're going to be able to give you more of an update on that. We're, right now, that's certainly the last -- the guidance we've given and we've talked about that, the 5% to 6% of KMP and 9% to 10% at KMI. And now, in preparation for the conference in a couple of weeks, we're now updating that and extending it, Kim, out through 2018. So we'll have an update, we haven't even completed running those numbers, but that will give you, horseshoes and hand grenades, look, from '14 out through '18 and we'll have it for you at the conference.
Brian J. Zarahn - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, we'll stay tuned on that. On drop downs, what are your thoughts regarding FGT, previously you mentioned that would dropped this year, it seems like it's going to stay a little bit longer at KMI, so any color around the ownership of FGT long term?
Richard D. Kinder: Right now, we're keeping it -- we've budgeted for the year staying up at KMI. We're just going to continue to look at it. We're going to drop the 2 other assets to EPB this year. And we just haven't made a decision on when we -- [Audio Gap]
Brian J. Zarahn - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And on the marine transportation acquisition, can you provide some color on to the strategy and expanding to that business, and about the timing of the EBITDA ramp-up from the $55 million now to, I guess, to the $140 million or so you're expecting?
Richard D. Kinder: Happy to. I think some people looked at that as this was a big step out for us. And although I think most people saw through as to what our real reasoning is, but let me just take you through it. We're in the midstream transportation business, and the greatest single opportunity, and why, in my roughly 35 years in this business, this the most interesting time we've had, is we have all this tremendous increased production coming from areas, and this is true of across the board, whether you're talking about crude oil, natural gas, condensate or indirectly, even refined products. We have a tremendous need to transport that from new production areas to market areas. And there are a lot of ways of moving it, and we're primarily a pipeline company, of course. And so, the cheapest, most effective, long-term way of moving with all these products, is by pipeline. That said, and we've discussed this before, there are a lot of reasons. Some of it is infrastructure not being built on a timely basis or permitting delays. Some of it is optionality that producers or others want. But there are reasons why pipelines don't satisfy everybody's need. An outgrowth to that is obviously crude by rail. Another outgrowth of that is the Jones Act. And that's why we are pretty bullish on this area. If you think about it, if you're talking about moving crude oil, for example, from the Eagle Ford, very simple to take it down to Corpus, and you can put it on a barge and move it over here to Houston, or over to New Orleans, or you can put it on a Jones Act ship, and get take it up to the refineries in the Northeast. And I'm sure you've seen these figures, and I may be off a little bit on the numbers, but in 2011, there were something like 5,000 barrels a day moving out of Corpus. This year, in '14, I think the projection is something along the lines of between 350,000 and 400,000 barrels a day moving out of Corpus. Some of that will go by barge, some of it will go by Jones Act tanker. So we think this is an asset, the Jones Act tankers, that are very important to the energy infrastructure. And there are at least 2 or 3 ways in which they're going to grow. The demand for them's going to grow. One is, some of the Bakken crude, as you know, is now being shipped by rail, or at least there's talk of this, going to Oregon and Washington and then going down by ship to the LA and San Francisco refineries. We think that will see some growth. Obviously, another area of growth is, as the Panama Canal is completed. Increasingly, we're talking to people, no firm commitments, who think that they will use Jones Act tankers, that have to be Jones Act, to take production out of Texas and move it through the canal and back up to California. And then finally, of course, the Colonial's line is completely full on refined products, there may be opportunities to move refined products. So I think that's what's driving the increase in day rates. As you know, and we showed, I think, in our release, our average day rates under these long-term contracts are in the $55,000 to $60,000 per day range. The market today is at least $70,000, and Exxon just did a 1 year charter, which was publicized about 2 weeks ago, for $100,000 a day. And that was for 1 year, not 5 years. But we think there's going to be increased demand. We think this is a nice place to be in. We have a good operator who's doing the operatorship for us. So we look at this as an adjunct, another alternative in the area of transportation that we can offer our customers and we think it's going to pay real dividends for us. And we like the fact that we have a whole lot of this cash flow locked in, including all of the new ships being built.
Brian J. Zarahn - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And on the -- I appreciate the color on the ramp-up to $140 million of EBITDA, is that sort of a 2017 time frame, would you expect?
Richard D. Kinder: Upon completion, Dax, you want to...
Dax A. Sanders: November of '15 through October of '16 are the -- vessels will be coming by.
Richard D. Kinder: So by -- everybody, all the new vessels will be on by the end of '16. So it ramps up, and I think it's actually more than $140...
Steven J. Kean: Yes, it's about $146 million.
Richard D. Kinder: $146 million, that we expect for '17, once they're all in.
Brian J. Zarahn - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And just lastly from me, can you update the number of warrants outstanding at KMI?
Kimberly Allen Dang: Yes, $348 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ted Durbin with Goldman Sachs.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I want to follow-up on some of your opening comments there and the underperformance of the stock and talking about how you think it -- maybe can you be a little more specific around any kind of actions you might actually be able to take? It seems like you alluded to it, but I'm just wondering if you can give us anything more there?
Richard D. Kinder: Well, the action I hope is that, you guys will be so impressed with our performance that the stock price will rise meteor-like. But somehow, I don't see that happening in the next 24 hours anyway. What we're looking at, trying to do a better job of communicating the story. I'm befuddled because we have this tremendous backlog, and each of these projects has so much potential. If you take the Trans Mountain expansions, and you look at the spread between our cost of capital, what we're going to make on an unlevered basis, on $5.4 billion, and start calculating that and then split it between KMP and KMI, and that alone is a huge growth mover. If you look at some of the projects in the CO2 field, where we're bringing all this additional CO2 on and the new developments in the ROZ, on the other end of it, tremendous growth. We just took our board on a tour of the Ship Channel yesterday, right here in Houston. Kinder Morgan is spending $1.8 billion along the Ship Channel. That's the total projects, along there both in the terminals and the products group. All of these are coming online. We'll fill the rest of KMCC. We started out with 1 commitment on Kinder Morgan crude and condensate, which was from Petrohawk, now BHP, for 25,000 barrels a day the first year and 50,000 thereafter. And that justified a 15% unlevered return on the $220 million investment which, as you know, we converted some of our natural gas lines to hold down the cost of the investment. Today, we've extrapolated that into spending $1 billion in the area. We now have long-term commitments for over 200,000 barrels a day, and we're going to be adding volume on top of that. That led to the split or indirectly led to the reversal of Cochin, which is about a $300 million project. You look at what we just signed up with Nova, to connect into Cochin, to the east end of Cochin, we'll be spending $300 million or so building a pipeline there. It, too, will have expansability [ph]. So I look out there, and I see this huge damn footprint across North America. And every time we turn around, we see more ability to extract value out of it, but I guess I haven't been successful in convincing the rest of the world of that, because a lot of people don't see it. That's where we think we have such an advantage and such a growth profile for the future. That's why I've never sold a share, and I just keep on stupidly buying more. But that's the guts of it, Ted, and I don't know what we -- again, we try to make these points. I'm looking at some of Kim's preliminary presentation for 2 weeks from now, I mean, it makes me sit up and take notice when you look at the tremendous growth next year. We have a growth that's sustaining CapEx next year, which we built from the bottom-up, which is a little over $100 million growth in sustaining CapEx at KMP. If we had held a sustaining CapEx flat to this year, if you just take $100 million and divide that out from what it would would've done for KMP and KMI, it would have been a whole different story. So we're going to try to do the best job we can of explaining, but we think this is an incredibly strong story. And, again, look at the footprint and look at the opportunities to expand off of that footprint.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's very helpful, and I appreciate all of the color there. Next question for me is just thinking about your Y-Grade pipeline out of the Marcellus. And I guess I'm a little worried here about any abandonment issues you might have with the FERC. You just mentioned there's tremendous trip [ph] demand with gas, north to south. Is there any risk that the FERC says, "Hey, we need to keep this pipeline in gas service and we can't take it out of service?"
Steven J. Kean: Yes. Look, we're in a very good position there, Ted. This is pipe that's in demand, and that's in demand for gas service and we think it may be in demand for a Y-Grade service. And so that does raise the concern that you identified. But we do think, and we're -- what we're aiming for, is the prospect of doing a further expansion on our -- on TGP to move additional gas out, and still be and able to make room for the Y-Grade. Now we'll have to do it realistically, and the Y-Grade line will have to pay for, or bear the, some of the burden of making sure that there's additional capacity on TGP to replace what's being used, but we're shooting for both. We're shooting for the expansion of gas service and the Y-Grade conversion. But you are highlighting a good problem to have, which is, we've got pipe in the ground that's in demand.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And on these -- the sort of backhauls, are you just basically targeting max rates? Is that the way we should think about that, on TGP now for the gas?
Thomas A. Bannigan: On max rates -- I mean they're -- the market rates and they're going up, so.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: You've got some headroom, effectively, if you wanted to go to max, is that fair? [Audio Gap]
Richard D. Kinder: Did that answer your question, Ted?
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, no, sorry, I was just asking, is there a lot of room between sort of market and max? I guess that's what I'm trying to ask, get out of there and --
Thomas A. Bannigan: Yes, no, there's room. I can't get into specifics, I guess we're -- we've got room between the market rates and the max rates.
Richard D. Kinder: It's actually forward moving, we're actually physically moving molecules from north to south. And I think the market continues to refer to it as backhauls, but it's an old pipeline. This is really a forward haul, and that -- those molecules are going to end up in the Gulf Coast. Tremendous demand for that, and as Steve says, it's a whale of a nice problem to have.
Operator: Next question comes from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: So a couple different questions. Let's start, maybe with LNG. How is the FTA contracting going for Gulf LNG? Any update on how you guys see authorization, authorizations coming through from non-FTA requests for Gulf and for Elba? And can you remind us, if you do get that, just how large can the growth pipeline expand?
Richard D. Kinder: Well, there's a lot of things assumed in that question. First of all, let's look at our efforts as an LNG developer. The right way to think about Elba Island, even though we're certainly like everybody else, applying for non-FTA is, we don't need non-FTA for that. And Shell, in December, just exercised its option on the first part of Phase 2. Now there's another option that can be exercised at the end of this year. But all of that, and if they exercise that second option, we will end up there with a project on a [indiscernible] basis, something in the $1.5 billion range. And it will be moving about 350 million cubic feet a day through there. That's relatively small by LNG standards, but it's a very nice project for us. We own 51%, Shell owns 49%. And in addition to that, it gave us the opportunity to spend money on other infrastructure necessary to get the LNG there and associated facilities around the terminals. So it's more than just our 51% of $1.5 billion or so. So a great opportunity for EPB. On the Gulf LNG, we continue to look at opportunities there, we talk to customers, we don't have anything to announce at this point. Another big part of the LNG story, of course, is the ability of our pipeline network to serve the LNG facilities, particularly those along the Gulf Coast. And we will have a role at Magnolia, assuming that gets built, we think we'll have a role at Cheniere, some of the additional trains at Cheniere 5 and 6. We certainly believe we will furnish a significant part of the gas at Freeport. And so all along here, we have as many miles of pipeline or more than anybody else, and the ability to connect all kinds of sources of supply and get it to these LNG facilities. And in the long run, that may be the greatest opportunity for the Kinder Morgan family of companies. We're going to continue to look at opportunities at Gulf LNG, we'll see how it plays out. We don't do anything unless we get firm commitments on it, so we'll see there, but the opportunity for serving these facilities through our pipelines is enormous, comes back to what I was saying a question ago, which is the size and scope of our footprint.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Great. And let me follow-up on Brian's question about Citrus. How full is FTT now? Is there still that, what was it, 20%, 30% capacity on the old Phase 8 expansion that was originally uncontracted? And does the tax status have any implications of any drop-down decisions?
Richard D. Kinder: Dax, you want to answer that?
Dax A. Sanders: What was that again, Rich?
Steven J. Kean: Well, the first question was on the capacity, is there any remaining on Phase 8. And the answer is yes. I'm not sure what the percentage is. And then, the second question was on tax status.
Dax A. Sanders: Yes, the -- there's approximately 184 a day remaining of capacity, that we're still having a little bit on an interruptible basis. And we're constantly looking at the market to see what we might be able to sell on a term basis. We've had conversations with several people, talked to [indiscernible], we're getting things done on a near-term basis. And from a tax perspective, we certainly -- we have some NOLs and some depreciation associated with the Phase 8 expansion that we'll be running out over, call it, the next 4 or 5 years. And the cash tax obligation of Citrus will ramp-up over what I'd call the next 4 years, pretty substantially, so.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Great. And last line of questioning is around the EOR ops. I noticed the nice bump sequentially from third quarter for Katz. Is that finally kind of on track with the model performance? And was the 9% jump from the third quarter in SACROC expected or well ahead of expectations? Looked like a nice jump there. And if the market continues to be flustered by that business, which I don't understand why, since you had it for so many years and it's a smaller part of business today, but if it is, would there be any way to monetize a portion of the assets to reduce the overall size, minimize production rollover concerns and help fund the growth projects?
Richard D. Kinder: Let me start with Katz. We believe Katz is on track. There are no guarantees but certainly, we've -- we just went through a review a few days ago with the CO2 team. We think it's in good shape and moving up as we said, so many times. It was a delayed response, but we believe we'll get the same amount of barrels out of there, as we expected when we first developed it. It's just they're coming a little later. SACROC, we've said before, the old phrase that Tim Bradley taught me, which was, big fields get bigger. And I think that's what we're finding at SACROC. We're just finding a lot of additional opportunities to drill there. A nice increase, that increase is continuing through January. We're averaging between 32,000 and 33,000 barrels a day there. I don't think anybody on this call's mentioned the fact that also last year, we set an all-time annual record on the NGL side at about 19,500 barrels a day of NGLs associated with SACROC. So it's going very well, and we think we're going to have additional opportunities to continue to grow SACROC. I think monetizing these assets would be very difficult. We're not in the game of selling things. We're in the game of buying and expanding, and so we don't have any intention of doing that now. And you're quite correct, I mean, CO2, we hold it to a higher level of expected return than our pipeline's investments and rightly so. And it's declining part in terms of the overall company. We're happy to have it, it's a good asset. And remember, a big chunk of it, and a big chunk of the future growth there is not on the OR [ph] side, it's over there on the S&T side where we're finding some really good ability to produce more CO2 and get it to the Permian Basin.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Right. And one last follow-up on that EOR question. Can you update us, it seems like propane's recovering, even ethane pricing to some degree. Can you talk about what you're seeing in terms of trends there, and also for the basis differentials?
Richard D. Kinder: [indiscernible]
Unknown Executive: Yes, we are seeing -- we typically look at NGLs as a percentage of crude, and obviously that's climbing up, primarily driven by propane. And we continue to see that. We expect that to continue to happen over the next few years.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Edwards with Crédit Suisse.
John Edwards - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just following up a couple of the earlier questions. Just -- I'm curious on the TGP expansion on the gas side, and then comparing that to the proposal to move NGLs. I'm just curious, which opportunity do you view as bigger? The further backhaul opportunity, or with the NGL transport opportunity, would you view that as larger?
Steven J. Kean: I guess, I would say, John, it's bigger if we could do both. And so we're trying to figure out a way to do both. And that is a function of being able to expand our backhaul -- our gas backhaul capacity on TGP, and still leave room for a Y-Grade option. And that's really the path that we're on. Now the thing that we have -- there are a few things that have to come together in order to make that happen. The biggest one of which is that Utica and Marcellus producers have to be ready to commit. And so as you know, we extended the open season, we and MarkWest extended the open season on the Y-Grade line and -- to the end of February, and we are working actively with customers. We think it's a good project. We think it's a good solution. I think MarkWest, I know MarkWest thinks it's a good solution and a necessary outlet for producers up there. But it sometimes takes a while to have that materialize into commitments. But our approach is, we think there's a way to do both, and so that's what we're pursuing right now. But it's not entirely within our hands, it's up to the market in part.
John Edwards - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And I mean, can you comment at all on what you think might be -- what's causing the hesitation to commit, or is that something you can't talk about?
Steven J. Kean: Well, no. I mean, I think it's -- look, if you look at the numbers, people are projecting 1 million barrels additional NGL volume coming out of the Marcellus and Utica -- or the Martica, I guess, the combined play. And if that's the case, I mean, you can fill up 2 pipelines, expanded, right? But there's a time lag between projections and -- projections coming true, and people being confident in what they have, and needing an outlet and signing up for an outlet. And so it's really just a function of, I think, a natural producer, with their working -- not so sure it's a hesitation -- they're working first on their production and figuring out how to get it out of the ground and what it is that's coming out of the ground, and then they start looking for the downstream solutions. And that's a question of timing, they're going to need them, we're convinced they're going to need them, we're convinced that an outlet to Mont Belvieu is going to be part of the answer, but they have to be prepared to sign up.
John Edwards - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, that's really helpful. And then with the -- moving over to SACROC, with the increased production you're seeing, maybe you'll cover this further at Analyst Day, but as far as you keep pushing out the year when you see production rolling over, is it fair to say that, that's going to pushed out further once again? And is it now going to be pushed out to say, somewhere around 2018 or so, if you could talk a little bit about that?
Unknown Executive: Yes, I think there's a number of things that are obviously impacting the in-fields we're finding from some of the seismic we've run, we're working out very well, we still have a lot of opportunities there. Our platform areas are doing better recovery than we expected, we're doing some horizontals up there that are looking really good, these horizontals will allow us to go back in amidst [ph] some -- pick up some bypass pay. This will extend SACROC out several more years, and we'll get into that in the conference. But I think you'll be surprised how many years out it will extend it. Our harvest wells continue to do well. In fact, we're backing off of those a little bit, just to have -- we started those when we needed CO2. Now we've kind of got, with Doe Canyon coming on, full strength. We've got a little bit more CO2 coming into the basin, so we backed off the harvest a little bit, not doing as many of those as we had planned this year or next year probably, but still, we'll run the 2,900 barrels a day with the harvest wells, so that's a good project there, too.
Operator: Next question comes from Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan.
Jeremy B. Tonet - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I was just wondering, I had a couple of questions, if you're working at the natural gas pipeline segment, and you took out what happened with the Copano acquisition, just wondering how that baseline business stacked up against the original budget for the year, if you have that available?
Richard D. Kinder: Sure, I think Kim covered that, [indiscernible]
Kimberly Allen Dang: I can take you through it. So natural gas, versus its budget -- or versus the original budget was up about 10%. Without Copano, without any benefit of the Copano acquisition, it would have been down about 3%. And the reason that it would have been down was poor performance out of our trading business, lower storage revenues coming on our Texas intrastates, and then our investment in the Eagle Hawk, our 25% investment and JV with BHP didn't ramp-up as quickly as we expected it to in our budget.
Jeremy B. Tonet - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got you, great. And then for Kinder Morgan Canada as well, how do things look if you excluded the impact of the Express-Platte sale?
Kimberly Allen Dang: If you exclude -- and Express has an impact on Trans Mountain as well, because we had a management fee that Trans Mountain was getting. And so, if you just look at Trans Mountain, other than the loss of revenue from Express, Trans Mountain would have been on its budget.
Operator: Next question comes from Kevin Kaiser with Hedgeye Risk Management.
Kevin Kaiser: The first question I have here is on the Natural Gas segment. Transport volumes were down 5% year-over-year in the quarter, and gathering volumes down 3.4% year-over-year in the quarter. Can you talk about what's driving that?
Steven J. Kean: I think, at least on the gas transport side, I think it was -- and, Tom, you correct me. We had record electric generation volumes associated with relative coal to natural gas pricing. That was probably a contributor, not sure if it was the whole story there.
Thomas A. Bannigan: '12 versus '13.
Steven J. Kean: Yes, in '12 versus '13. I think our sales volumes were actually up, so I think you may be right on transporting, gathering, but the sales volumes were up on our Texas intrastates. And then gathering, probably a function of the KinderHawk or the KinderHawk volumes. And so, both on the transport side, and in that case, if that's the explanation that KinderHawk -- we have minimum commitment, so it's demand based on gas transportation side, and it is take or pay, effectively demand based on the KinderHawk asset as well, contract minimums.
Kevin Kaiser: Okay. Moving to the CO2 segment. What was the EOR side -- in the EOR side of that business, what was capital expenditures in the fourth quarter? Total CapEx for EOR in 4Q '13?
Kimberly Allen Dang: I don't have it with me, hang on a second.
Richard D. Kinder: [indiscernible] EOR versus the rest of CO2.
Kimberly Allen Dang: Go to your next question, and we'll see if we can find it.
Kevin Kaiser: Okay, and KMP, what's the coverage guidance for 2014 DCF versus the guided distribution?
Kimberly Allen Dang: We haven't given it yet, and we're going to go through the entire budget in 2 weeks at the Analyst Conference, or 1.5 weeks, 2 weeks at the Analyst Conference.
Richard D. Kinder: Including the expected coverage.
Kimberly Allen Dang: And the expected coverage on KMP, EPB and KMI.
Kevin Kaiser: Okay. And the last question I have is, have you considered amending KMP's partnership agreement for how sustaining capital was defined there? I mean if you look back at when the partnership agreement was put in place, there wasn't E&P, there wasn't shipping, there wasn't coal royalties, so do you think that amending that partnership agreement would be appropriate to protect the limited partners from dilution?
Richard D. Kinder: I don't think we have any present plans, Kevin, to change the partnership agreement. We think it's worked very well, something that was put into effect in 1992, long before we bought it. And we think it does a good job of protecting the limited partnership.
Kimberly Allen Dang: We think our limited partners have gotten a very nice return over those 12 years. And we expect them to continue to get a nice return in the future. The expansion capital for 2013, for the S&T business was a little over $200 million, and we spent about $675 million total in CO2.
Kevin Kaiser: You're talking about S&T though...
Kimberly Allen Dang: S&T and then the rest would be oil and gas.
James P. Wuerth: [indiscernible] about 4 75.
Steven J. Kean: And I think, Jim, if I'm remembering correctly, if you look at SACROC and Yates together, the total CapEx in there was about $330 million, $340 million. The total DCF on a combined basis was a little over $1 billion.
Operator: And our last question that I am showing comes from Becca Followill with U.S. Capital Advisors.
Rebecca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors LLC, Research Division: On EPB, flat distribution this quarter and your guidance is for flat distributions for the rest of '14, can you talk about what visibility you have on being able to maybe increase that distribution beyond '14?
Richard D. Kinder: Again, we're going to take you through all that in 2 weeks at the conference, and that's what we're working on now, looking out as I said, across all the companies, out through '18. But horseshoes and hand grenades, the key thing on EPB is that it's relatively flat, it has very good, solid contracts but has some headwinds relatively flat, that obviously has -- will get a nice bump when the Elba Island assets come online. But we're going to take you through that. Like I said, we're running numbers out through '18 and going to be able to take you through on all 3 companies in 2 weeks.
Rebecca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors LLC, Research Division: And then on SACROC, that's probably the biggest bump in production that I've seen on a quarter-to-quarter basis. Is that -- I think, you spent 2 -- I just want to clarify, is that largely being driven by horizontal drilling?
Unknown Executive: Yes, I think so, and particularly in the north platform, one of the things we're seeing that is the oil bank was probably pushed more towards the well bores prior to us even injecting, because there had been CO2 injected in that area back probably in the late 90s with Penns [ph] Energy. So CO2 had already been in the ground, and that's the upside on this, as we're seeing that in tight zones, that the longer the CO2 sits in there, it starts making that oil bank. And we drilled some horizontals. We had trouble getting delays and getting permits from the railroad commission for 2 or 3 months and we're producing 400, 500 barrels a day out of those horizontals that we're using now as injectors. So that gives you an idea of the oil bank that was ready there, and that's what gives us a huge opportunity for some of the bypassed oil back in some of the other areas in Bullseye and so forth, where we put lot of CO2 into the middle canyon, and just didn't produce the barrels out that with that we would. It was a geat opportunity to go in with horizontals, and get that back in there.
Rebecca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors LLC, Research Division: Can you speak to how many horizontals you drilled during the quarter?
Unknown Executive: I believe we drilled 4 during the quarter.
Rebecca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors LLC, Research Division: And then, plans for '14?
Unknown Executive: We've -- can't remember all of them. I know we've got a couple of -- that we're going in to test the bypass oil and then I think we've got just our regular development, up in the platform area, I think we've got 4 or 5 of them set to go there.
Rebecca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors LLC, Research Division: And then last question on the per unit DD&A in the CO2 business. It looks like it was a sizable drop quarter-to-quarter, about $2 a barrel. Anything in particular going on there?
Richard D. Kinder: Drop in the DD&A per unit.
Unknown Executive: I think the key thing there was just the additional barrels that we produced in -- at SACROC, lower rate that we've been able to push in there. We've got a lot more barrels. We -- the infrastructure's now getting to a point where we're not having to add a lot of extra infrastructure to get to additional oil. And so that, over time's just going to push that rate down.
Operator: And I am showing no further questions at this time.
Richard D. Kinder: Okay, well, thanks to all of you. I appreciate you sharing some time with us. Thank you, have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-16 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the call over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Chairman and CEO of Kinder Morgan. Sir, you may begin. 
Richard Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Kelly, and welcome, everybody, to the third quarter earnings call of Kinder Morgan. As usual, we will be making statements within the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. I'll give an overview of the quarter and 2013. Steve Kean, our Chief Operating Officer, will go into more details of segment performance and talk about our project backlog; and then Kim Dang, our Chief Financial Officer, will review the details of the financial results for quarter and year-to-date, and then we'll take your questions.
 The Kinder Morgan companies had a good third quarter, and I think we're on track for a very good year. At KMI, we raised the dividend to $0.41. That's an increase of 14% from the third quarter of 2012. In terms of cash available for dividends in the quarter, it was up 17% from the comparable quarter a year ago. We're on track for a 14% growth and declared dividends for the full year '13, and we expect to declare at least $1.60 versus $1.40 for the full year of 2012 and versus the '13 original budget at KMI of $1.57. KMI continues to benefit from strong growth and performance at KMP and from solid cash flow generation at EPB. At KMP, we raised the distribution to $1.35. That's up 7% from the third quarter of 2012. Our DCF before certain items was up 22% for the quarter. For the full year 2013, we expect to declare dividends of $5.33. That's up 7% from the full year 2012 and is $0.06 above the $5.27 target in our budget for 2013.
 At EPB, we raised the distribution to $0.65. That's an increase of 12% from the third quarter of 2012. For the full year of '13, we still expect to distribute $2.55 per unit, and that's up 13% from full year 2012 and consistent with EPB's budget for the full year 2013.
 I believe the long-term opportunities for the Kinder Morgan companies look very positive. Our project backlog, which Steve will talk about in more detail, grew again this quarter to about $14.4 billion versus $14 billion last quarter and $12.6 billion at the time of our Investor Conference in January of 2013. These projects and the backlog are spread across all 5 of our business segments. And in addition to that backlog, there are numerous other projects that we're working on that have great potential and are likely to occur, but they're not sufficiently definite to put in our backlog at this time. We remain very bullish on the future of natural gas as the fuel of choice in the U.S. for decades to come. We see increased demand coming from increased use for electric generation; downstream industrial use, particularly along the Gulf Coast; LNG liquefaction for export; and exports to Mexico. All in all, we expect demand for natural gas in the U.S., including the exports of LNG and to Mexico, to increase from a level of about 70 Bcf a day today, to something approaching 90 Bcf per day over the next 10 years. And we think with our 70,000-plus miles of natural gas pipelines, we expect to benefit enormously from this growth.
 We also expect to benefit substantially from additional production of and demand for NGLs, condensate and crude, driven by the shale plays, particularly the Eagle Ford, where we have committed almost $900 million to our crude and condensate facilities and also production from the Marcellus and Utica. We also expect continued strong demand for CO2 in the Permian Basin, which we are attacking by expanding the source and transportation part of our CO2 segment, and we see continued demand for additional liquid storage facilities in our Terminals group. And finally, we continue to progress on our major expansion of the Trans Mountain system in Canada.
 Let me conclude my part by talking briefly about our ability to reduce O&M expenses on the El Paso Pipelines we acquired back in May of 2012. In an earlier call, we itemized in some detail the changes in sustaining CapEx between 2011, which was prior to our acquisition, and 2013, and we showed we were actually spending more on pipeline integrity on these pipes when you total both sustaining CapEx and expenses related to that area. Since that call, we've gotten a couple of questions regarding reduction in O&M between 2011 and 2013. And we thought the simplest way to explain this is to compare the GAAP O&M expenses for 2011 for the major El Paso Pipelines, that's Tennessee Gas Pipeline, El Paso Natural Gas, Colorado Interstate and Southern Natural Gas, to compare the 2011 GAAP O&M expenses in those -- for those 4 pipelines, with the budgeted expenses on those same categories for the same pipelines in 2013. This is as close to apples to apples as I think you can get, and obviously, all these figures are public record, and you can verify them. In 2011, these expenditures were $865 million, and the budget number for 2013 is $674 million, or a difference of $191 million. The budget for 2013 is obviously the budget -- the year is not yet finished, but just to -- as a sanity check, we went back and looked at the trailing 12 months as of 6/30/13, and that's $670 million, so we're very much on track with where the budget is. So you subtract $674 million from $865 million and you get a difference of $191 million. Of that $191 million difference, we reconciled about $182 million of it for you or 95% of that reduction, and let me give you a brief overview of those changes. 
 Payroll, benefits and associated employee expenses resulted in a decrease of $161 million. Now that's not surprising because as a result of the merger, we eliminated 803 positions in the combined entity. Out of that $161 million reduction, $121 million of it was as a result of personnel reductions in G&A and at the gas group level. Only approximately $40 million resulted from field reductions. The next item is actually an increase, and that's the pipeline integrity expenses, we've spent $63 million more in 2013 than was spent under prior management in 2011. That is completely consistent with the increase we talked about in the earlier call relating to sustaining CapEx.
 We had lower non-pipeline integrity maintenance expenses of $33 million. Our cost of gas across these pipeline systems was $28 million less in '13 than it was in '11. Vehicle and aviation expenses were reduced by $12 million, and we had maintenance savings in the O&M categories related to divested offshore assets, primarily at the Tennessee Gas Pipeline of $11 million. If you put all those up, that I had just mentioned, that's an explanation for a reduction of $182 million. And if you want more detail on that, David Michels, our Vice President of HR and his people -- the Vice President of Investor Relations, can give you more detail on all these items. But I think in my judgment, what all this shows, once again, is that while at Kinder Morgan, we try to operate our pipelines in the most efficient manner possible, when we acquire assets, we reduce fat, not muscle or bone. And I think our EHS record supports that conclusion. So with that, I'll turn it over to Steve for a review of the segments and talking about our project backlog. Steve? 
Steven Kean: All right. I'm going to go through the segments, focusing on performance third quarter, the third quarter last year versus this, our expectations versus plan for the full year and then some of the business drivers and the backlog. 
 Starting with gas, the gas segment at KMP is up 59% on an earnings before DD&A basis, to $608 million versus $383 million in the same quarter last year. The increase is the result of the drop-down transactions, TGP and EPNG and also the acquisition of the other 50% of El Paso Midstream from a third-party owner, and the closing of the Copano transaction in May of this year. So these acquisitions more than offset the year-over-year negative of the divested Rockies assets that we had to sell pursuant to the FTC order to close the El Paso transaction.
 With respect to the performance versus plan, this segment is expected to exceed its plan for the year, but entirely as a result of the Copano acquisition. From a volume standpoint, higher Eagle Ford volumes drove improved year-over-year performance at the Texas Intrastates. But we had lower overall transport volumes across the segment versus the third quarter of last year as a result of lower gas demand for electric generation versus that record year that we experienced in 2012.
 If you look -- focus in on EPB, that lower demand in electric generation on the SNG system, and the impact of rate case settlements on SNG and WIC caused EPB's assets -- asset earnings before DD&A to be down slightly in the quarter versus third quarter last year, $286 million versus $299 million last year. But looking ahead, we added to our project backlog in this segment, primarily in EPB, and overall, we continue to identify and capture opportunities for expansion, driven by export opportunities in LNG, Mexico and even Canada, and on the need to transport gas out of the shale plays, primarily Eagle Ford and Marcellus. And turning to Mexico, in particular, we believe that U.S. gas exports are the best way to meet growing Mexican demand, and we believe that our assets are perhaps the best positioned to serve that demand.
 Turning to CO2. Segment earnings before DD&A in this segment were $349 million for the quarter, up 5% from last year and on track to slightly exceed its budgeted growth of 5% for the full year. The growth here was driven by higher oil and NGL volumes and higher prices. The growth in oil volumes was due to caps and to the recently acquired Goldsmith unit, and that more than offset slight year-over-year declines at SACROC and Yates. Katz oil production, in particular, was about 2,700 barrels per day average for the quarter, versus 1,800 barrels a day a year earlier, so up 50%; and Katz has been running around 30% to 50% in the current month, so moving in the right direction. We continue to see strong demand for CO2, and are actively pursuing several large development projects to bring more CO2 to our fields and also to the market.
 Products segment earnings before DD&A for the quarter was $202 million, up 9% versus last year, and expected to be slightly below its budgeted growth of 12% on a full year basis. The shortfall to full year plan is primarily due to the impact of the California Court of Appeals' rate decision on SFPP that we talked about last quarter, and due to lower volumes on KMCC versus the volumes we had in the plan. Now with respect to KMCC, we have contract minimums on that asset, and we received revenues even when shippers aren't using their full entitlement. But we don't recognize those revenues until makeup rights are fully taken into account. So there's a little bit of an uplift associated with that business going from 2013 into 2014. Those 2 negatives are offsetting above-plan performance that we experienced at Cochin, transmix and the products segment, Terminals facilities. And again, this segment is up nicely from last year. It has a number of very good projects under construction and in the backlog. Also of note in this segment is the strong increase in refined products volumes year-over-year, with volumes up 6.6% on a quarter-to-quarter basis when you include Plantation and 4.1% without Plantation. That's the biggest upward move we've seen for quite a while. We saw increases in gasoline, biofuels and NGL volumes versus the third quarter last year. Now some of that was probably some short-haul volumes that may not recur, but it was an uptick certainly in what appears to be the base business.
 Terminals. Segment earnings before DD&A for the third quarter was $199 million, up 7% from last year, but we expect this segment to be slightly below its budgeted 12% growth on a full year basis. Year-over-year growth was driven by increased throughput and higher renewal rates at Pasadena and Galena Park liquids facilities here in the ship channel, as well as additional petcoke volumes and revenues, versus the same quarter last year. Our  bulk volumes were essentially flat year-over-year, looking at third quarter. We had decreasing coal volumes, but we had increases in petcoke and steel volumes versus third quarter last year. We also started bringing on line our BOSTCO terminal project in the ship channel. That project is already being expanded and will, under the current contracts, be expanded to a total of 7.1 million barrels of capacity with associated barge and dock space -- and ship dock space. And this is one of several projects that we've had, where we've gotten expansions under contract before we've even gotten the first project done. That's true of BOSTCO, it's true of our  Edmonton facility and also true of our splitter facility in the Houston Ship Channel. Phase 1 of our IMT coal terminal expansion was completed during the quarter, and we continue to identify and capture a lot of new opportunities for expansion this business, too.
 Kinder Morgan Canada, segment earnings before DD&A were $44 million versus $56 million in the same quarter last year, and that decline was due almost exclusively to the sale of our Express-Platte Pipeline system and a weaker Canadian dollar, year-over-year. But the main story for this segment is, as it has been, our progress on the $5.4 billion expansion of our Trans Mountain Pipeline, which we're expanding from 300,000 barrels a day to 890,000 barrels a day. That expansion's under long-term contracts, which have been approved by the NEB. Still to come there is the filing of our facilities application with the NEB, which we expect to finish in December -- or file in December of this year and still expect in service by the end of 2017.
 Now turning to other elements of our project backlog, starting with our January Investor Conference and several times since then, we've updated that backlog, and it's been growing with every update. And this includes our high probability projects, projects that are under construction but aren't yet producing revenue, under contract but don't have permits perhaps, or very close to having contracts but anyway, projects that we have a high degree of confidence are going to get done. So that -- this quarter, the backlog increased from $14 billion to $14.4 billion. Also during the quarter, we had almost $300 million of capital projects come online, and when they come online, we roll them off the backlog. So what we're seeing is additions to that backlog that increase the overall backlog, while offsetting the projects that came into service. Of the larger projects that came into service, Parkway and our refined Products Pipeline project came online. That's our facility in Louisiana and Mississippi and our petcoke handling facility for BP at its Whiting refinery -- Whiting, Indiana facility. 
 Now a few facts about the composition of the backlog across the business units and across the years. The gas group is up from last time, from $2.7 billion to $2.9 billion. Most of that increase is associated with additional pipeline capacity and LNG liquefaction investment on the SNG and Elba Island assets, so these are primarily in our EPB project area, or EPB MLP. We do not have in the backlog, our joint venture projects with Mark West, to process gas in the Marcellus and Utica and ship Y-grade to the Gulf Coast. We believe we have a very attractive solution for producers presented in both of those projects, but we won't add them to the backlog until we see commitments come through, and we're still working on those commitments.
 The products group backlog is up slightly but still rounding to $1 billion, same as last time. And new projects in the Eagle Ford and on Cochin are more than replacing the now in service Parkway project.
 Terminals is also up slightly, but still rounding to $2.1 billion, same as last time. The new projects there, primarily liquids facilities, including some crude by rail projects and expansions of those projects, are offsetting projects going into service during the quarter, which included the BP petcoke facility, as well as fertilizer Terminals expansion and IMT.
 CO2 is up to a little over $2.9 billion from what had been just under $2.8 billion previously. And there's some shifting there from EOR, Enhanced Oil Recovery projects, into more CO2 sourced and transportation projects. And in this segment, our backlog is a little bit more based on development plans, our development plans, as opposed to commitments to specific customers and as a consequence, as those development plans change, these numbers move a little bit more than our other business segments do, but up in CO2 since our last update. And again, the biggest project is KM Canada, the $5.4 billion expansion. And a reminder on this project, too, that we're in development and will be in development for quite a while, and our development costs are recovered through demand charges that we have received on firm capacity that we sold across our dock. And so this is a project where we're getting our development cost recovered.
 You also recall the recent investor presentations we showed you, the backlog, as we were showing it to you, was kind of back-end loaded as a consequence of the TMX project coming on toward the end of the backlog and also the liquefaction projects. And then it was a bit front-end loaded with projects that were in the near term and the middle years were a little more hollowed out, '14 and '15 were a little bit lower. We also told you that we expected, as we went on, that we'd fill those years, most of our projects were contracting for 12 to 24 months out, and that's happened. So in the revised backlog, we've increased 2014 and '15 by almost $600 million and almost $300 million, respectively. So the bottom line is that we're continuing to find new opportunities that are more than offsetting projects that are going into service. We have a large number of projects coming into service in the fourth quarter, which is a good thing, and we've got a lot of good prospects. And so we'll update this once we get through the fourth quarter.
 And so that's it for the backlog. And with that, I'll turn it over to Kim. 
Kimberly Dang: Sure. And I'll go through the numbers, starting with KMP, and you should have 4 pages of numbers. I'm going to go and focus on the second page of numbers, which is our distributable cash flow and how we look at performance. Let me point out that, that distributable cash flow is reconciled to our GAAP numbers, and we provide details for you on all the -- on all the certain items and adjustments.
 But in the quarter, as Rich mentioned, DCF was $1.27 per unit. That's down slightly from the third quarter of last year. But on a year-to-date basis, $3.94, up $0.22 or 6% on a year-to-date basis. And for the full year, we expect DCF per unit to be up about 6.7%. The $1.27 based on $1.35 declared distribution results in about $34 million of negative coverage in the quarter. And as we told you, we've told you all year, we expect coverage to be negative in the second and third quarter, positive in the first and fourth, and positive for the full year. On a year-to-date basis, the $3.94 compares to the distribution of $3.97, and so we're about $14 million short. But again, for the full year, expect to cover. The $1.27 translates into DCF of $554 million. That's up $99 -- $99 million or 22% versus the third quarter in 2012. And so, let me just reconcile that $99 million for you, what's driving that growth. If you look at the top of the page, our segments are up $262 million. And of that $262 million, $225 million is coming from the Gas group, so about 86% of the segment growth in earnings before DD&A is coming from natural gas. And as Steve said, that's driven by the drop downs from KMI and from the Copano acquisition, offset by the FTC sale. 
 The other segments are also up nicely, with the exception of Kinder Morgan Canada, that is down slightly because of the express sale. G&A is an increase of $22 million quarter-to-quarter, and that's largely about $18 million of that $22 million is associated with the El Paso and Copano acquisitions, offset by the benefit of the FTC sales. Interest is up $49 million in the quarter, almost all associated with incremental debt balance as a result of the acquisitions and expansion capital. Sustaining CapEx is up $14 million in the quarter versus last year. We expect expansion capital will be up in 2013 versus 2012. And then you have a small amount of other items that are up $6 million, or an increase of $6 million in expense, so that gets you to $171 million and an increase in distributable cash flow. You look at the GP interest and the increase in noncontrolling interest of $72 million, and that takes you to $99 million of growth in distributable cash flow in the quarter. For year-to-date, as I've said, $326 million in growth and distributable cash flow. Look at what's driving that. If you look up at the segments, the segments are up $887 million year-to-date. $771 million is coming from the gas group based on the same factors that drove the quarter. And then you have $51 million coming from CO2, $54 million from products, the $23 million from Terminals, so nice growth in those segments, and that's offset by a $12 million decline in the Kinder Morgan Canada segment as a result of the express sale.
 G&A, we have increased G&A of $70 million year-to-date, about -- a little over $60 million of that is associated with the acquisitions, net of the divestitures. Interest is up $173 million year-to-date versus 2012, and that's a result both of the increase in debt balance and a higher average rate. The higher average rate is driven by the rate of -- the interest rate on the drop-down debt, which KMP assumed in conjunction with the drop-downs, which was at a slightly higher rate than the existing average rate at KMP.
 Sustaining CapEx is up $36 million in the quarter. And then we have other items that are about $46 million that you see in the adjustments to DCF. The biggest impact there is the sale of REX, and part of the of the impact of the sale of REX comes back when we add back the JV DD&A, which is in our adjustments between net income to get to DCF. So that's a $46 million impact. That gets you to $562 million of increase in cash coming from these assets. In the GP interest and noncontrolling interest is an increase of about $236 million. So take the $236 million from the $562 million, and that gets you to $326 million increase in distributable cash flow for the quarter.
 Now looking at the segments versus our budget. As Steve mentioned, natural gas is above its budget on a year-to-date basis, and we expect it to exceed its budget for the full year by approximately 11%. If you look at it without Copano, the Natural Gas segment would be slightly below its budget. On CO2, we expect it to be approximately $30 million above its budget. Now if you look at the price of WTI, relative to the price of -- the prices in our budget for WTI, and you look at our metric and our sensitivity to the oil prices of about $6 million in DCF for every dollar change in price, you would expect that segment to be up about $45 million. And then you would expect it also to be up a little bit incrementally for the Goldsmith acquisition. And so horseshoes and hand grenades, you would expect that segment to be up about $50 million versus the $30 million I mentioned. And so what's offsetting the price impact on crude is that we have -- we are realizing a lower NGL price than we had in our budget, we have slightly lower oil volumes, and then we have some higher expenses in some of our oil fields.
 Products. We expect to be slightly below our budget. In Terminals, we expect to be below its budget, about 4%, largely as a result of lower coal volumes, lower steel volumes than what we budgeted, lower ethanol volumes versus what we budgeted and a contract that we lost with CSX.
 KMC, we expect to be about 7% below its budget, as a result of the express sale, but overall the express sale is accretive to KMP's DCF. But the positive benefits show up in the interest line and due to reduced debt issuance and reduced issuance unit, shows up in our shares outstanding.
 G&A for the full year, we expect to be up about $16 million, and that is largely associated with Copano. Interest is going to be up about $13 million, and that's largely also a result of the Copano acquisition, but the increase in interest expense associated with the Copano acquisition is being somewhat offset by higher capitalized interest as a result of increased expansion capital spending versus our budget.
 Sustaining CapEx, we expect to be slightly over our budget on a year-to-date basis. We have a large positive in sustaining CapEx, but that's largely -- that's timing. For the full year, we expect to be about $5 million negative versus our budget, and all of that and more is Copano and then it's being slightly offset by some positives in capitalized overhead.
 And so that KMP's distributable cash flow. Turning to KMP's balance sheet, if you look, we ended the quarter at 3.9x debt-to-EBITDA, which is consistent with where we ended the second quarter. We expect to end the year approximately about 3.8x, and our budget was to end the year about 3.7x, but realized that we don't have a full year benefit of the Copano acquisition in the EBITDA numbers. Year-to-date, our debt balance is up $3.7 billion, and in the quarter, it is up about $500 million. Looking at the factors driving that, the $500 million change in debt for the quarter, we spent about a little over $800 million in expansion CapEx. We contributed about $70 million in contributions to equity investments. So we had uses of capital of approximately $875 million. That was offset by -- we issued equity, that accounted for about $481 million, and then we had a little bit over $100 million of other uses of capital, which is largely accrued interest, which was $144 million use of capital during the quarter. And then that's being offset by contributions that we get from JV partners and for consolidated investments. And we received about $30 million in proceeds from the sale of the TGP offshore assets. 
 On a year-to-date basis, we have capital use for expansions and acquisitions and contributions to equity investments, about $9.6 billion. That's $6.9 billion in acquisitions, which are primarily the drops, Copano acquisition and the Goldsmith acquisition. There's $558 million of debt that comes onto our balance sheet as a result of acquiring the second half of EPNG. We spent about $1.9 billion in expansion CapEx and a little over $200 million in contributions to equity investments. We have raised equity of about $5.6 billion, offsetting that $9.6 billion of capital uses. And so you've got about $300 million in other items, which are: We received $400 million in express proceeds; we received a little under $100 million in swap unwinds; we received a little over $100 million in contributions from JV partners; we have the sale of the TGP offshore; and then we had a little over $300 million in working capital uses, primarily associated with accrued interest. There were some taxes that we had to pay in conjunction with the express proceeds. We have Copano acquisition expenses and also some inventory timing.
 And so that is -- that's KMP. Turning to EPB. Again, here I will focus on the second page, which is our calculation of distributable cash flow. But we have reconciled this to our GAAP income numbers for you, and provided you a lot of detail on any other reconciling items. On EPB, the distribution for the quarter is $0.65. That is 12% growth a year -- quarter-over-quarter, and that translates into $1.90 on a year-to-date basis, which is up 16%. Based on the distributable cash flow per unit of $0.58, our coverage were about $14 million negative in the quarter, and consistent with what I said about KMP and what I said about EPB last quarter, we expect that it will have negative coverage in the second and the third quarter, positive quarter, positive coverage in the first and the fourth, and that we will have positive coverage in the full year. Year-to-date, coverage is positive, about $13 million.
 The $0.58 of distributable cash flow per unit translated to distributable cash flow in total of $127 million. That's down about $22 million versus the third quarter of last year, and so let me just take you through that. The assets are down about -- and you can see this is the top of the page, earnings before DD&A, down about $13 million. The biggest piece of that is Southern Natural Gas, which was impacted by the rate case, and also lower volumes as a result of higher gas prices and cooler weather. The WIC rate case and then those are being somewhat offset by the Elba -- an increase in the Elba Express pipeline as a result of an expansion that came on in April 1 of this year.
 G&A is a benefit quarter-to-quarter of $4 million. Interest, a small change. It is an increase of $1 million. And then sustaining CapEx is a benefit. We spent less sustaining CapEx in the third quarter of this year than we did in the third quarter of 2012 of about $4 million. So that gets you to about a $6 million decrease in cash flow generated by the assets net of interest cost.
 The GP is an increase in -- the GP incentive, about $16 million, and that's a result of the higher distribution and more units outstanding. And so when you combine that with the $6 million coming from the assets, that's about $22 million decrease quarter-to-quarter. For the 9 months, the $425 million of DCF before certain items is relatively flat versus the 9 months in 2012. The assets are up $39 million, $31 million of that you can see on the line earnings before DD&A of $888 million versus $857 million in 2012. And then about $8 million of it shows up in reduced minority interest or noncontrolling interest expense further down the page, and we've talked about the reason for that in prior quarters.
 G&A is lower in the 9 months of 2013 versus 2012 by $23 million, and that's the cost savings that we are realizing as a result of the merger. Interest is an increase of $12 million, and that's primarily based on rate where we termed out some debt that was on EPB's revolver in the fourth quarter of last year associated with the May drop-downs. Then sustaining CapEx is a benefit of about $5 million year-to-date versus the 3 quarters in 2012, and then other items are about $2 million. So that takes you to about $57 million increase coming from the assets, net of interest cost, and then the GP interest is up about $59 million on the higher distributions and more units, so that you're about flat on a year-to-date basis.
 Now for the full year versus our budget, if you look at it, the -- it is -- we will hit the $2.55 in distribution. We will come in slightly below on coverage, and that's just a result of moving the Gulf LNG drop out of this year. There are some other moving parts. We have the WIC rate case, which was -- we did not anticipate in our budget, and some lower contract renewals on WIC, but that's been offset by lower G&A and some better performance out of the other assets, so that the entire variance for the year is largely due to the Gulf LNG drop moving out.
 Looking at EPB's balance sheet. They ended the quarter at 3.6x debt-to-EBITDA. That's down from the end of last year and flat to the second quarter. We expect to end the year at about 3.8x debt-to-EBITDA, and that's just some timing on equity issuance and interest payment between now and the end of the fourth quarter. Reconciling their debt, the change in debt at EPB for the quarter was a reduction of $14 million for the year-to-date. It was a reduction of $122 million. In the quarter, we spent $25 million on expansion CapEx. Coverage, as I mentioned earlier, was a negative $14 million. And then we had a positive working capital and other items of a little over $50 million, which primarily relates to accrued interest and accrued taxes. Year-to-date, expansion capital was $68 million. We've raised equity of $87 million. Coverage was a positive $13 million. And then we have working capital and other items of about $90 million, again, which is largely associated with accrued interest and accrued taxes.
 Turning to KMI. The declared dividends for the quarter $0.41 compares to cash available per share of $0.41, so basically flat on coverage. Cash available to pay dividends, $424 million. That's up $62 million or 17% versus the third quarter in 2012. So let me just take you through what's driving that growth. 
 The increases coming from the MLPs and the distributions coming from the MLPs is $102 million increase. We have lower interest expense of approximately $62 million. Now some of that's timing because we use the accrual method in 2012, because we only had a partial year on the El Paso acquisition. And so cash distorted the numbers on a partial year, so you have a little bit of difference in timing just accrual versus cash, but most of it is driven by the debt pay-down as a result of the drop-downs. You've got about $95 million reduction in the quarter as a result of reduced cash generated from the assets that we've dropped. We have about a $15 million increase in cash taxes, and then we have about $8 million in lower G&A to get you to the $62 million.
 Year-to-date, cash available to pay dividends of $1.231 billion is -- that's an increase of $259 million or 27%. Let me just walk you through that increase. The interest in MLP, EPB and KMP is an increase of $422 million. We actually have higher interest year-to-date of $39 million. What you see there is a full year of -- or year-to-date, we have, in all periods, we have the El Paso debt versus we only had it in a partial period last year. But that's being somewhat offset by the decreased interest associated with debt pay-down on the drops. We've got $33 million reduction in cash generated from our other assets as a result of the drops. We've got a $76 million increase in cash taxes as a result of the higher income, and then we've got $15 million in higher G&A, largely as a result of having a full year of El Paso. And so that gets you to the $259 million increase in cash available to pay dividends.
 Now for the full year, as Rich said, we expect to distribute at least $1.60. That $1.60 is above our original budget of $1.57 per share because we raised the distribution or the dividend by $0.03 as a result primarily of the Copano acquisition. But the reason we say at least $1.60 is because we expect that we will generate our cash available. Both $1.57 and $1.60 were based on distributing everything that we had. We expect at this point that we will have some excess cash available largely as a result of delaying the Gulf LNG drop and that asset staying at KMI for 4 additional months and better performance on other retained assets.
 Looking at KMI's balance sheet, KMI ended the quarter with $9.78 billion of debt. That is down about $1.6 billion from the end of the year. Now what you see on this page is $10.23 billion of debt at the end of last year, but that's a recast number, where we actually ended the year with $11.4 billion. And then in the quarter, debt is actually up about $300 million. 
 So quick reconciliation for you on the quarter. We repurchased warrants, about $330 million. We spent some money on some environmental -- legacy environmental issues and the environmental -- and the legacy marketing book at El Paso of about $28 million. And then we actually generated cash in excess of what we were reflect in the metrics, largely as a result of lower taxes that we're paying versus what's in the metric. Because in actuality, we are using all of the NOL that we can possibly use, and so we're paying lower cash taxes versus in the metric, we only reflect about a $300 million use of the NOLs. So you have lower cash taxes in reality than we what we reflect in the metric.
 Year-to-date, $1.6 billion decrease in debt, $2.2 billion in proceeds that we got from the drops in the sale of B2B, and then -- and also debt that was assumed by KMP in the drop-down transactions. We've repurchased $463 million of warrants. We made a $50 million contribution to the pension. We've made about $60 million of investments in the 2 MLPs to maintain KMI's 2% interest. We've contributed about $50 million to equity investments, and then we've got about $50 million in other items, the largest of which is the difference between the book and cash taxes.
 At KMI, on a fully consolidated basis, we expect that we'll end the year maybe a shade higher than what I said last quarter. Last quarter, I said about 5x, maybe end about 5.1x, and that's a result of the warrant repurchase occurring faster than we originally anticipated. So with that, Rich, I turn it to you. 
Richard Kinder: Thank you, Kim. Thank you, Steve, and we'll take questions from the callers. Kelly, you want to come back on? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Darren Horowitz from Raymond James. 
Darren Horowitz: I realize the Marcellus and Utica liquids project isn't in the budget and that it was announced as a letter of intent contingent upon sufficient shipper commitment and various approvals. But since the JV announcement, the competitive landscape has changed a little bit. You've got an additional proposal for a big LPG dock in Lake Charles and another large player moving forward with the second big marine terminal expansion. So I'm curious how that changes the playing field as you view the project and, more importantly, the odds of it getting done. 
Richard Kinder: Well, again, as we've said all along, Darren, we'll only do this if we have commitments. So far, we're seeing a lot of customer interests. Steve, what do you want to add to that? 
Steven Kean: Yes, I think one of the things that is still to be completed, particularly, folks, you really have to look at this project in 2 parts. First part is the processing part. There appears to be a lot of demand for additional processing capacity, and we expect there'll be even more as the producers get a handle on the composition of their Utica volumes as it starts coming out of the ground. And so that's kind of one aspect of the project. The other is the Y-Grade line, and that's you're mainly focused on. And there -- I mean I think that having more outlets potentially for this product as it moves south, the way we proposed it is we could build either into Southwest Louisiana or into Mont Belvieu. And what we're talking to shippers about or producers about right now is what they would prefer and what we've also put on the table -- when I say we, I mean us and MarkWest -- is the interest that we have in potentially building some fractionation capacity for them. So the fact that there might be some additional destinations, it certainly complicates the picture, but it's still something that we're willing to invest in and willing to hear what our producers think in terms of where they want to go. But that's the thing we've got to still get straightened out and be able to present to our producers, but we're really kind of looking in part for them to tell us where it is that they want to go. 
Darren Horowitz: Okay. And then, Steve, my last question, shifting gears a little bit, over to the BOSTCO terminal. I appreciate the color there, but beyond the remaining 30 tanks that should arrive online over the next 6 months and hitting that aggregate capacity threshold that you outlined, how do you guys think about land adjacent to that or the ability to leverage that footprint possibly to add more splitting capacity for the export of a complementary product like gas oil or like [indiscernible] Latin America? I mean, how does -- ultimately how does this refined product push to the Gulf Coast whether or not it's there or Galena Park or Corpus? How does that work into your downstream plan to add more capability? 
Steven Kean: Well, I mean, it's a good thing for our assets set on the Houston Ship Channel. So we have the largest independent terminal-ing facility at Pasadena and Galena Park. Over the years, we've been adding across channel lines to improve the connectivity. KMCC has that as a destination. We're looking for ways to interconnect that big operation, which is also expanding with the BOSTCO facility. And so overall, the push to move more product into storage and then out, either by pipeline or on ship or barge, is a positive thing. And John Schlosser is here. Do you want to add anything? 
John Schlosser: Yes. We've seen a groundswell of products that's trying to get to the water there. You have the opportunity for 2 additional docks at BOSTCO. We're building a new dock at the Greens Port facility at our partner Watco's facility, and we announced the AES facility, which will have an additional dock as well. With that, will come additional tanks and additional ability to move product down to the water. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Zarahn from Barclays. 
Brian Zarahn: I guess following up on Darren's first question on the Marcellus Utica Y-grade line. Where are the potential shippers leaning towards in terms of destination of Belvieu or Louisiana? 
Richard Kinder: I think there's interest in both. I don't know if there's a preponderance. I guess we've heard more talk about the ship channel than anything else when you say Belvieu. 
Unknown Executive: Probably Belvieu on the margin. 
Richard Kinder: Just because Mont Belvieu is still viewed, and I think correctly, as the most liquid point in the whole infrastructure play. So I'd say we've had a little bit more interest there. 
Brian Zarahn: In terms of if that's the market, would you lean towards third parties? Or would you look at adding your own fracs? And if you were going to build your own, where -- would it be in Belvieu or outside Belvieu? 
Richard Kinder: Well, I think we're working with a number of parties now on both ends of the transaction, in other words, with some of our potential shippers and also present owners of frac capacity. And together with MarkWest and we're just looking what other alternatives are. I think we haven't made a decision on that yet. 
Brian Zarahn: Okay. Any type of ballpark range of potential cost without the fracs for the project? 
Steven Kean: Well, what we've said -- and, look, we're in a very competitive situation here, as you know, Brian, so we have not really broken the components out. We've just pointed to north of $2 billion as the kind of all-in investment here. 
Brian Zarahn: Okay. And then any update on the hedges for 2014 and 2015 production in the CO2 business? 
Richard Kinder: Kim, do you have those? 
Kimberly Dang: Sure, I can tell you what they are. If you look at the -- you want 2014, we are 66% hedged at about $94 a barrel. 2015, we're about 43% hedged. And depending on the way you look at our collars between $90 or $92, if you have the market price in, it's $92, if you have it down at the put price or the floor, it's $90. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ted Durbin from Goldman Sachs. 
Theodore Durbin: Question on the CapEx budget overall and you talked about how you had this sort of hollow part in the 2014 and 2015 that you're now filling in. I'm just wondering if you can give us a sense of where the budget is looking like for '14 at least. Is it up or down versus this year? And then how that might then translate into your goals for distribution growth of, say, 5% to 6%? 
Richard Kinder: Well, if you look at '14, Steve is right, we're filling in those holes. And right now in this project backlog, we have about $3.4 billion, a little north of that for 2014. We're just starting the budget process, and I'm sure there will be additional projects added to that when we go through the budget with all of our business segments over the next 3 weeks starting next week. But that's what we currently have in this backlog. And again, I would look at that as a pretty conservative number compared to where I think we will end up. 
Theodore Durbin: Did that include drop-downs as well, I'm assuming? 
Richard Kinder: No, that does not include drop-downs. 
Steven Kean: Yes, that is just capital projects. 
Theodore Durbin: Got it. And then if I can just shift over to the Gulf LNG. You mentioned that a little bit in the prepared remarks kind of waiting on the drop-down to EPB. I guess I'm just wondering if you can give us a little bit more detail on where you are in terms of the contract. You said you were going to wait maybe 4 months. Is that a reasonable time frame to think about when you might have a sense of what the contracts are or is that just you're sort of pushing that out and they got pushed a little bit further? Just talk about Gulf LNG for us. 
Richard Kinder: I think we will have detailed information on the drops of the remaining assets by the end of this year, we'll be able to disclose that. Once we get through the budget process, I think we'll be able to tell you what we expect will be able to do. 
Theodore Durbin: Got it. And then just coming back to the Marcellus and actually on the natural gas side, you've obviously got a lot of growth there and a lot of producers that are concerned about where basis differentials for and some of the discount I think you saw the summer. I'm wondering if there are some bigger things that you're thinking about around takeaway there because of the big growth in the basin and around your assets. 
Richard Kinder: Yes, there are a number of things we're thinking about. And for competitive reasons, I really wouldn't want to go into all of them. But obviously, we believe that in the long term, there needs to be a significant additional capacity built into New England. And we obviously, in Tennessee, have the pipe to do that or the base to do that. That depends again on shipper commitments. We'll just see where that comes out. But we think there's additional volumes to go to into Canada. And as I said before, our belief is that eventually, virtually all of Eastern Canada will be served out of the Marcellus and the Utica. Again, our pipeline network lends itself very well to that. I think we'll have some announcements pretty shortly on that. And then, of course, there is a takeaway for the Y-Grade to get the NGLs out, and we think that there are a lot of opportunities for us there. So we're very happy with the kind of footprint we have in the Marcellus and Utica, and we think we're going to be able to use that to our advantage and to help our customers over the next several years. 
Theodore Durbin: Or do you -- is the demand for takeaway -- are you sensing that the producers are willing to sign up for capacity more or is this more going to be a demand pull from the utilities or power generators? 
Richard Kinder: I think on the New England expansion, it's going to be primarily demand pull. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Shere from Tuohy Brothers. 
Craig Shere: Looks like SACROC was off second quarter in a row, Yates was down sequentially, and the Katz ramp is still a little under budget. Do you all still feel comfortable production will grow over the next couple of years? And is permitting for new field injections becoming an issue? 
Richard Kinder: I'll have Jim Wuerth. The answer is yes, we do. And, Jim, I'll let you answer that. 
James Wuerth: Yes, I think SACROC is always a little up and down. So I might mention that it is, as of right now through October, running close to 32,000 barrels a day. So a lot of it just depends on how quick we're able to get patterns ready, get the injection permits and monitor the flood. So it's going to be up and down. But I expect SACROC to continue to be relatively flat for several years to come. Yates is a big field that is on a slow decline, and we'll work it as well as we can, but there'll be a slight decline there each year. And Katz is running, as Steve mentioned, about 30% to 50% right now for the month, so it's getting real close to the budget numbers. And I think what we're going to see at Goldsmith is we've got great opportunities there. In 10 years, there'll be a lot of opportunities, I think, out there for CO2 flooding. The demand is still real high for CO2, and that bodes well for us. 
Craig Shere: And is contracting -- not contracting, permitting becoming an issue as far as being able to move forward on some of these opportunities? 
James Wuerth: Right now, we're having a little problem at the railroad commission, just a lack of staff there, but nothing we aren't able to work around, I think. 
Craig Shere: Okay. And while I'm on the subject of EOR, a simple question for you. If all of EOR's CO2 needs were acquired from third parties, do you believe that you would, in fact, capitalize more CO2 purchases and book higher DCF than you're reporting now? 
James Wuerth: We would have recorded higher capitalized CO2, that's correct. If we were selling the CO2 to third party just on our S&T side, we would have had a higher DCF. 
Craig Shere: I got you. So the intercompany sales results in more conservative accounting? 
James Wuerth: I believe that's a good way to say it. 
Craig Shere: Okay. And last question, given some of the recent headwinds kind of affecting KMI's share price from some market perceptions, how do you think about the alternatives of repurchasing warrants versus existing shares? And how much capacity do we have to keep renewing these equity repurchases every quarter? 
Richard Kinder: Well, we look at that based on growth projections and based on what we believe the return is on purchasing warrants versus shares. And as you see today, the board authorized an additional $250 million to be used for either shares or warrants at our discretion. And we just continue to look at what makes the most sense, to buy back shares or buy back warrants. 
Craig Shere: I got you. And speaking with some clients, Rich, the comment was made that your own repurchases were not a large percentage of your annual distributions that you got. And I just wondered if you'd like to opine on the value of the equity right now. 
Richard Kinder: That's, of course, you guys' expertise, not mine. But I believe, obviously, the equity is undervalued at KMI. You have a stock that is yielding 4.5% now and has growth of 14% this year in declared dividends. We've said we believe long term it's 9% to 10%. And at KMP, you have a security that's yielding 6.5% with growth of 7% this year. We've said long term, we believe 5% to 6% there. So to me, that's a very good investment, but that's, again, not mine to opine. I'm obviously prejudiced. I think the stock and units are tremendously under priced in my view, but again, that's for the market to determine. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Edwards from Crédit Suisse. 
John Edwards: Just if I could follow-up on the -- your Y-Grade pipeline from the Marcellus. With the production there, it seems to be continuing to ramp faster than most expect. At least in the past people have said there's this room for one of these pipeline projects to come to the gulf. Do you think if things continue in that direction, there might be room for 2 projects? 
Richard Kinder: Well, it looks like... 
John Edwards: Yours and a competitor. 
Steven Kean: Yes, I would say, John, that's possible, but we can't look at it that way, and we won't look at it that way. We're going to get out there and compete and see if we can get the first project. The thing you have to keep in mind is it's not just the first pipe that goes into the ground. There's expansion capabilities and things like that. And so there's definitely an advantage to being the one, the first one, that gets built of these 2. And so we're just looking at it as it's one or the other is going to win the day. And the other thing to take into account, and I know you are very familiar with this, but production targets or expectations and actual production on the one hand versus willingness and ability to commit contractually for a long term from the other are 2 different things. And so what it comes down to is whether people will put ink on paper to sign up for the capacity. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Kevin Kaiser of Hedgeye Risk Management. 
Kevin Kaiser: Question on CapEx for gathering and processing. What is CapEx budget for gathering and processing on a quarterly basis, including Copano? 
Steven Kean: I don't know if we have that number broken down. 
Richard Kinder: We don't break it out separately. It's just part of our natural gas CapEx. 
Steven Kean: CapEx on Copano and Altamont and some in Texas, some in other -- in Texas as well, but we don't have a breakout of that. 
Kevin Kaiser: Okay. So no breakout for GNP by sustaining CapEx versus expansion CapEx either? 
Steven Kean: No, I think that's just aggregated in our total gas group. 
Richard Kinder: Yes. Total Natural Gas segment aggregates all of the -- whether sustaining CapEx or the expansion CapEx is all aggregated. 
Kevin Kaiser: Okay. And then on the company-wide, so the budget for this year for sustaining CapEx will be $339 million, that's before Copano. If KMP only spent that on an annual basis, so no organic expansion CapEx, how would this segments perform over the long term? Would the company be able to keep cash flow flat? 
Steven Kean: I'm sorry. I don't... 
Kimberly Dang: Yes, well, I think that we have grown -- I mean, are you asking if there is growth absent spending CapEx in KMP? 
Kevin Kaiser: The question is really if the budget was only limited to the sustaining CapEx, would the additional asset base be able to -- would it be maintained, would the cash flows be maintained over the long term for 3 quarters[ph]? 
Richard Kinder: Oh, I see your question. Yes, and we've said this several times and these are ballpark numbers, of course. But generally speaking, that 5% or 6% this year happened to be 7% growth in distributions. We think probably 1.5% to 2% is organic growth. In other words, if you didn't spend any capital, you would get that. At KMP, that comes from a number of things. One is, of course, the inflation escalator that we have on our FERC-regulated Products Pipelines. Second is on automatic escalators that we have on some of our terminal assets. So you probably have, we estimate, 1.5% to 2% growth if you didn't spend any capital. And then the rest of that growth comes from -- primarily from new projects that come online. 
Steven Kean: That will be subject to market conditions. Market conditions determine the growth on the -- just the existing asset base on the stand-alone basis. 
Kevin Kaiser: Right. And how would 1% to 2% organic growth be possible with just $339 million if you spend about $400 million in E&P alone, and that's not in the sustaining CapEx budget? 
Richard Kinder: As I've just said, I'm not following your question, I guess. You asked how much organic growth you had without expansion CapEx, and that's the kind of number that we use, about 1.5% to 2%. Kim? 
Kimberly Dang: Kevin, is your question if CO2 production would stay flat if we weren't spending expansion capital? 
Kevin Kaiser: No, the question is really if you -- yes -- no, the question is on the business -- the entire KMP business, how would cash flows trend over the long term if we only spend $339 million a year in capital expenditures? 
Kimberly Dang: Then I think Rich just answered it. 
Kevin Kaiser: Okay. And then the last question I have is do you consider distributable cash flow to be synonymous with free cash flow? 
Kimberly Dang: So that, I mean, Kevin, I mean, look, what we're looking at is how much cash flow that the MLP generates before expansion capital, because our partnership agreement requires us to finance expansion capital to distribute everything that we generate and to finance our expansion capital. And so what we are comparing distributable cash flow is to the cash flow that we have available for distribution to our unitholders before we factor in expansion CapEx. 
Kevin Kaiser: Okay. So it's -- you would say it's not -- you would not say that free cash flow and distributable cash flow are the same thing? 
Kimberly Dang: If you're defining free cash flow as cash flow after expansion CapEx, then I would say that distributable cash flow and free cash flow are not the same thing. But it depends on how you're defining free cash flow. 
Kevin Kaiser: I would define free cash flow as cash flow from operations minus the capital expenditures needed on an annual basis to maintain those cash flows from operations. 
Kimberly Dang: Well, that is not -- unfortunately, that is nice that you would interpret it that way, but that's not the way that our partnership agreement defines it. And therefore, that's not the way we are allowed to segregate it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Becca Followill from U.S. Capital Advisors. 
Rebecca Followill: Can you talk a little bit about the interim outlook for EPB post '13 but before the Elba export facility comes online given the roughly $80 million in rate reductions with these 2 rate settlements at WIC and SNG and then a step down in rates at SLNG at year end? 
Richard Kinder: Yes, there's no question that -- and we've been very clear about this that, of course, the rate case on SNG and the rate case on WIC will be a negative impact. We settled both of those, and they had some negative impact, as Kim said, in 2013, but that will increase because we'll have a full year at '14. We, of course, have -- longer term, obviously, the Elba Island LNG project is a huge positive. And we have some other smaller growth opportunities coming online in EPB. And then we anticipate we will have drop downs into EPB that will help in terms of distributable cash flow. 
Rebecca Followill: So there'll be drops. In the interim that'll help bridge that gap? 
Richard Kinder: That's true, Becca. 
Rebecca Followill: Okay. And then what is the timing for filing for abandonment of Tennessee of the portion of the line that you're looking to convert? 
Steven Kean: Do you have a time frame? 
Unknown Executive: I mean, I think we'd be looking at that into early next year. 
Richard Kinder: Early next year would be the probable answer. 
Rebecca Followill: And then the last question on the CO2 business. Just by my quick back at the envelope on the numbers, it looks like operating expense was up pretty materially during the quarter. Was there something unusual there? Is that just a function of maybe adding Goldsmith? Or is there something else going on that's maybe short-term in nature? 
Richard Kinder: Jim? 
James Wuerth: I would guess it's probably Goldsmith. We haven't seen anything unusual that has popped up on us at all. 
Rebecca Followill: Did they have materially higher per unit O&M cost? 
James Wuerth: It depends on what you're comparing it to. If you're comparing it to Yates, the answer would be yes. If you're comparing it SACROC, probably comparable. 
Rebecca Followill: Okay. Just on the overall average basis, it just looks like it's up meaningfully. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. 
Richard Kinder: Okay. Well, thank you all very much. We appreciate your time and attention. Have a good evening. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-17 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the quarterly earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time.
 I would now like to turn today's call over to your host, Mr. Rich Kinder, Chairman and CEO of Kinder Morgan. Sir, you may begin. 
Richard Kinder: Okay, thank you, Erin, and welcome to the Kinder Morgan quarterly investor call. As usual, we'll be making statements that may fall within the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. As usual, I'll give an overview of the quarter. Kim Dang, our Chief Financial Officer, will follow with the financial details. And then Steve Kean, our Chief Operating Officer, Kim and I and together with the rest of the executive team will answer any questions that you may have. 
 The second quarter was good for the Kinder Morgan companies, all 3 companies increased their distribution. So our dividends and all are on track for a successful full year 2013 and beyond. 
 Let me start with KMI. We increased the dividend to $0.40 a share. That's up 14% from the second quarter of 2012 when we distributed $0.35. Cash available for dividends actually, in this quarter, is down compared to the second quarter of 2012 and that's a result of the timing of the cash tax payments this year versus last year, which will -- which Kim will go into in detail. But we remain on target to meet or exceed our goal of $1.60 declared dividends for full year 2013. And that compares with $1.40 in 2012 and with our original '13 budget of $1.57. The $1.60 equals a 14% increase in dividends declared comparing full year '13 to full year '12, and an 18% increase in cash available for dividends year-over-year. 
 I think we're also well positioned for future growth. We have about $14 billion now in expansion and JV investments that we are pursuing the building of, across the Kinder Morgan companies. 
 Now turning to KMP. We raised the distribution there to $1.32 a quarter. That's $5.28 annualized, that's up 7% from the second quarter of 2012. We had earnings -- segment earnings before DD&A of $1,337,000,000, that's up 39% from a year ago. We had distributable cash flow of $505 million, that's up 38% from a year ago. And we had distributable cash flow per unit of $1.22, that's up from $1.07 in the second quarter of 2012 or a 14% increase. The growth at KMP was driven by drop downs associated with the KMI's 2012 acquisition of the El Paso companies; by assets acquired in the Copano acquisition, which closed on May 1 of this year; by strong oil production in our CO2 segment; and by good results in our Products Pipeline segment. 
 Now in our certain items, net income, you'll see some big numbers. And let me just focus on that for a minute and Kim will go into more detail. You'll see that we totaled a gain of $383 million, principally related to 2 items. The first is a gain of $558 million related to the remeasurement of KMP's original 50% interest in the Eagle Ford joint venture that we had with Copano before we bought Copano. Now let me just be very clear in my judgment, that's meaningless from a cash flow basis or from a substantial subsidy standpoint. But it's there and that's one of those places where accounting sort of departs from reality. But that is a big gain that is in the income from certain items area. 
 The second is more realistic, I think, and that's $162 million loss related to additional legal reserves primarily attributable to a California appeals court decision upholding the previously announced CPUC ruling denying an income tax allowance for our California intrastate Products Pipeline. The decision is disappointing to us. It contrasts with federal rulings, permitting an income tax allowance -- permitting an income tax allowance for MLPs, but we don't anticipate that the reparations we would pay will have an impact on distributions to our limited partners. 
 Now let me turn to the segments, starting with natural gas. This segment more than doubled its segment earnings before DD&A and we expect it to exceed its plan for the year. The growth is driven by the drop down of Tennessee Gas Pipeline and El Paso Natural Gas and by the Copano acquisition closed on May 1. Both DGP and EPNG continue to outperform our acquisition model when we did the El Paso acquisition. And the Copano assets, particularly those in south Texas, appear to be off to a good start. Segment transport volumes were down 5%. That's primarily attributable to lower power plant gas demand as gas prices are significantly higher than they were in the second quarter of 2012. But that said, our Texas intrastate sales volumes were actually up 2% as we continue to connect more customers in the Texas market. 
 Obviously, we're very bullish on the future of natural gas in America. You've heard me say this before. It has so many advantages, it's domestic, it's clean, it's abundant and it's reasonably priced. And we see additional medium- and long-term increase in use for natural gas for a number of purposes: domestic, industrial use, power generation, exports to Mexico and volumes to be used in LNG export facilities. And with our enormous footprint, we think that will put us in a great position to grow dramatically in this segment over the coming years. 
 Now I mentioned earlier that across the Kinder Morgan companies, we now have a project backlog of about $14 billion. The backlog in this Natural Gas segment is about $2.8 billion, that's at both KMP and EPB, and we expect that backlog to continue to add projects as we go throughout the rest of 2013 and beyond. We detailed about 10 of those ongoing projects in the other new section of our earnings release at KMP, and I won't go through them all, but I just mentioned that our Northeast Upgrade Project on TGP is on target for its 11/1/13 start up. And among several projects allowing additional exports to Mexico. During this quarter, we signed new long-term contracts with 3 customers in Mexico for an excess of 200 million cubic feet a day of capacity on our Kinder Morgan Texas and Monterrey pipeline systems. The cost of accommodating that additional throughput will be about $115 million. And we've already received amended presidential permit to increase the border-crossing capacity at that particular point on the Texas-Mexico border to 700 million a day from about 425 million a day. 
 During the quarter, we averaged almost 1.8 billion cubic feet a day of gas export into Mexico across all of our Kinder Morgan systems. And in fact, last week, were actually over 1.9 Bcf a day. That's significant at the present time and we think we'll get even bigger as we bring these various expansions into fruition over the coming months and years. 
 Also, in our Natural Gas segment, on TGP, we executed a precedent agreement for our proposed Cameron expansion. That's about $140 million project and we provide 900,000 decatherms a day of additional capacity to LNG export customers in Louisiana. 
 Turning to CO2 segment. We had a very good quarter in that segment and we expect it to be slightly above its plan for the full year '13. Oil production continued to increase compared to a year ago. It was up about 2,600 barrels a day on a gross basis. SACROC gross production was up 6%, 1,600 barrels a day to 30,000 barrels a day of production. And Katz increased from 1,800 barrels a day to 2,500 barrels a day. 
 Our NGL production was also strong despite a maintenance turnaround at our Snyder Gas Plant in May. Now on the negative side, that we continue to be impacted by lower NGL prices, which were down about 11% when you compare the prices in the second quarter of '13 to the equivalent periods a year ago. Looking forward, we have a backlog in the CO2 segment of projects, which total about $2.7 billion, and that's an area where I think that we probably understated what our real opportunities are, and I'll get to that in just a minute. We had 2 important developments in this segment during the second quarter. The first is that we acquired the Goldsmith-Landreth San Andres Unit from Legado Resources for about $285 million. That's presently producing about 1,250 barrels a day of oil. We expect that production to increase to a peak of over 10,000 barrels per day within the next 10 years. It will be a long ramp-up with a lot of increased production. 
 In addition, in that transaction, we obtained a long-term CO2 supply contract that will potentially benefit not just this asset, but all of our oil production activities in the future. 
 Secondly, in this segment, we continue to see very robust demand for CO2 from our customers in the Permian Basin and the expansion opportunities we see are increasingly obvious. Right now, we believe they could lead to capital expenditure opportunities on a [indiscernible] basis of well over $2 billion over the next few years and would result in increasing our CO2 sales and transport volumes by about 800 million cubic feet a day by 2017, taking them up from around 1.2 a day moving to Permian Basin to about 2 Bcf a day. Now that's an increase from our earlier estimate. We've talked in the past of spending between $1 billion and $1.5 billion to get about 400 million cubic feet a day of additional capacity. So we think we'll have the opportunity to spend more now at very good returns and to provide more CO2 for the use of our customers. Right now we are still prorating the system. That's how strong the demand is. 
 We've provided details of our current operations that are underway to increase our CO2 production at our southwest Colorado, McElmo Dome and Doe Canyon Unit sites and those are detailed in our earnings release. 
 Turning to our products pipeline segment. They are having a good year. We expect that segment to slightly exceed their plan for the full year 2013 even after reduction in revenue as a result of the current year's impact from this California Court of Appeals decision on the income tax allowance that I referred to earlier. Even after that is taken into account, we expect it to be slightly above their plan for the year. 
 Refined project volumes were up pretty nicely for the quarter. They were up 3.5% across our system versus the second quarter of 2012. That compares to the EIA national numbers, which were up 0.7%, or a little less than 1% across the nation for the same period of time. 
 Gasoline demand on our system was especially strong. It was up about 5.9%, while jet fuel was down by 3.8%, largely as a result of reduced military flight activity in California and Nevada on our SFPP system and we think that's caused probably by the sequestration efforts now in effect. 
 NGL volumes were up 12% and biofuels in this segment were up 26%. We have a number of important new projects underway in our Products Pipeline segment and we've detailed a number of those in our earnings release. Those listed in the release total over $900 million net to KMP and the total backlog in this segment is actually just north of $1 billion. Again, all part of the $14 billion that we've been talking about. In particular, we continued to expand our Kinder Morgan Crude and Condensate line deeper into the Eagle Ford play in Texas and we're now beginning construction on both our Cochin Reversal project and our 100,000-barrel per day petroleum condensate processing facility located on the eastern ship channel. In addition, our Parkway refined products pipeline project is expected to come online on September 1, consistent with our original target. 
 Turning to our Terminals segment. It continues to show growth over 2012, but we expect it to be slightly below budget for the full year 2013, which called for 12% growth. Our liquid terminals are performing well, and this reflects new and restructured contracts with higher rates. But on the bulk side, both coal and steel volumes declined for the second quarter compared to the second quarter a year ago. Although coal volumes and revenues should pick up over the next several quarters, as our expanded coal export facilities come online. And those, of course, are underpinned by long-term take-or-pay agreements with our customer. 
 This segment has a backlog of projects totaling about $2.1 billion, several of which are described in our earnings release. Especially noteworthy, I think, is the additional tank capacity expansion at our BOSTCO facility. Now this is a facility that won't even be -- the first phase won't even be completed until this fall and we're already in the process of expanding it. And the expansion will come online in the fall of 2014. With the expanded tankage, the terminal, when completed, will now consist of 7.1 million barrels of tanks fully subscribed under long-term contracts. 
 We're also expanding our Edmonton terminal in Alberta to 9.4 million barrels of capacity and we're building significant new facilities adjacent to our Pasadena and Galena Park terminals on the eastern ship channel. All these projects are supported by long-term contracts with creditworthy customers. Truly examples of our toll road philosophy. 
 In addition, we now have 4 crude by rail terminals in operation, 2 more where we have -- the board has approved with signed agreements with our customers and 2 more under development with customer agreements backstopping the initial capital costs. 
 Turning to Kinder Morgan Canada. This segment is running slightly below the results of the second quarter of 2012 and we expect it come in for the full year slightly below the budget because of our sale earlier this year of the Express-Platte Pipeline. In that sale, you may recall, we received approximately $400 million of gross proceeds for our interest, which delivered a little less than $20 million a year to us. So if you look at the impact of the sale on the overall KMP bottom line, the sale is expected to be modestly accretive for the year. But in the segment, it is a negative. 
 We continue to see strong throughput on Trans Mountain and very importantly, in this quarter, in the second quarter, we crossed a significant threshold when the National Energy Board of Canada approved the commercial terms on our $5.4 billion Trans Mountain expansion. And we expect, as we previously said, to file our facilities application with the NAB later this year. 
 Now turning to El Paso Pipeline Partners, EPB. We increased the distribution per unit there to $0.63, that's $2.52 annualized, that's a 15% increase over the second quarter of 2012. DCF and DCF per unit were above 2012 year-to-date, but slightly below as we expected for the second quarter. We expect to declare a distribution of $2.55 per unit for the full year 2013, and that will be a 13% increase over the full year 2012. 
 We've entered into agreement with our customers to settle the WIC Section 5 preceding and the SNG rate case. And the latter settlement was approved by the FERC last week without modification. Both settlements have been taken into account in our '13 distribution guidance. We have a number of projects underway at EPB and we've detailed them in the earnings release. The most significant is the joint venture with Shell to build a natural gas liquefaction facility at our terminal near Savannah, Georgia. Phase 1 is not conditional on any non-FTA approval and we already have our FTA approval. So this is a go project pending only the FERC certificate to build. EPB's investment in the project, including the ancillary facilities to service this new liquefaction facility, is about $850 million and we expect to be in service in late '16 or early '17. 
 So to sum up, the Kinder Morgan companies are performing well this year. To put it in perspective, we've said that when asked that our long-term growth rate at KMI is 9% to 10% a year and at KMP is 5% to 6% a year. We're on target this year to substantially exceed those targets, 14% growth at KMI and 7% growth at KMP. On top of that, we have an enormous backlog of future projects already nailed. And we have an expectation of continuing to better serve our customers and increase our cash flow by exploiting our extensive asset base of 82,000 miles of pipeline and 180 terminals. 
 So that's the overview. With that, I'll turn it to Kim. 
Kimberly Dang: Thanks, Rich. I'm going to start on the KMP numbers. I'll do EPB second, and then KMI, last. 
 The first page of KMP numbers is the GAAP income statement. As we've said many, many quarters, we don't find that overly meaningful, but I see that the press has already picked up that our profit multiplied sevenfold. And as you can see, our income's up 658% in the quarter. 
 So let's turn to the second page and so let me tell you what we really think happened in the quarter. And this is our look at distributable cash flow. Distributable cash flow per unit for the quarter was $1.22, up 14% in the quarter. Year-to-date, it's $2.67, up 9%. Year-to-date, we are ahead of our original budget and we expect to be ahead of our original budget for the full year on DCF per unit as a result of the Copano acquisition. And all this is consistent with our revised guidance that we put out in May at the time we closed Copano, $5.33 in distributions for the year. 
 In the quarter, the $1.22 of DCF versus $1.32 distribution, we had negative coverage of a little over $40 million. That was consistent with what we told you at the time of the budget and consistent with what we told you on the first quarter call that we expect KMP to have positive coverage in the first quarter and the fourth quarter and negative coverage in the second and the third, with coverage for the full year. The DCF, the total number of DCF, $505 million, up $139 million or 38% for the quarter; for the 6 months, $1.055 billion, up $227 million. 
 So let's look at where the $139 million in the quarter and the $227 million of growth is coming. If you look up at the segments, segment earnings before DD&A for the quarter, up $378 million and for the 6 months, up $625 million. Now just a little under 90% of that, about 87% of that, both in the quarter and the year is coming from natural gas. Natural gas is up $328 million in the quarter and $546 million year-to-date. And Rich went over the reasons for that. 
 Year-to-date, natural gas is above its budget and we expect them to end the year above their budget, largely as a result of the Copano acquisition. When you look at the full year for natural gas, absent the Copano acquisition, they would be slightly below their budget primarily because of lower-than-expected performance on some of our trading assets. It's a little bit slower sales there. 
 CO2 in the quarter, up $31 million year-to-date, up $34 million. We are on budget year-to-date. And for the full year, as Rich said, we expect to slightly exceed. That's a function of 2 things. One, the Goldsmith acquisition that we completed in June; and two, price. Now price is not as much of a benefit as you would expect for the full year. We typically tell you that for every $1 increase in WTI, it equates to about $6 million in DCF, but that metric is -- it's -- we're doing -- the price is having a little bit less impact benefit than that, primarily because NGL prices are going to be, right now, we're projecting to be 6% below our budget. 
 Products Pipelines, up $13 million in the quarter, up $37 million year-to-date. Year-to-date, Products Pipelines are on their budget for the full year. We expect them to slightly exceed and that's outperformance on Transmix and Cochin and that's going to be somewhat offset by the impact of the California Court of Appeals decision and the lower rates on our California intrastate system. 
 Terminals in the quarter, down -- sorry, up $8 million, up $8 million year-to-date. They are below their budget year-to-date. We expect them to end the year about 2% below their budget. And that's a function of the weaker bulk business primarily on the coal and steel side, as well a little bit on ethanol. 
 Kinder Morgan Canada is relatively flat both from the quarter and the year-to-date. For the full year, as Rich mentioned, we expect to be below our budget, probably about 5%, due to the Express sale. Again, Express sale is a benefit to KMP overall, but the benefits show up in reduced interest and reduced equity issuance. 
 G&A in the quarter, up $33 million. Year-to-date, it's up $48 million. And that is all a function of the drop downs in the Copano acquisition versus our budget year-to-date. We're about 4% over our budget year-to-date on G&A. We expect to end the year pretty close to budget, probably within about 1%, maybe -- or less than 1%, maybe being slightly over on G&A. 
 On interest, interest is up $76 million in the quarter, up $124 million year-to-date. That is largely a function of balance, although we do have some impact of rates and that's -- our average rate is up both in the quarter and year-to-date. The function of the debt that we assumed on the drop-down assets, that debt had a higher average rate than the existing KMP portfolio. Year-to-date, interest is very close to our budget. For the full year, we expect it to be over budget as a function of the Copano acquisition, although some of that impact is being mitigated by the lower interest that was a result of applying Express proceeds to reduce our debt. 
 Sustaining CapEx, we're about $18 million over 2012 in the current quarter, $22 million year-to-date. Year-to-date versus our budget, we actually have a benefit. But for the full year, we expect to be over our budget on sustaining CapEx, largely as a result of the Copano acquisition. Absent the Copano acquisition, we'd be -- expect to be slightly under on sustaining CapEx. 
 Turning to the certain items. As Rich mentioned, they total a gain of $383 million in the quarter, $558 million gain on the remeasurement of our initial 50% interest in the Eagle Ford JV. And we had to basically remeasure this asset to the amount of the $5 billion Copano purchase price that we allocated to their 50%. And that's what generates the gain. That's offset by $162 million increase in reserves that we took related to the California Court of Appeals decision. Now what you see in the certain items is the prior years. So the prior years reserve is impacting the certain item. The current year impact of the lower rates in the reserve that we're taking there is reflected in the segment. 
 The other 2 certain items of any significance are the acquisition cost on Copano of about $28 million, and then the gain on insurance, which is we received about $16 million in insurance proceeds during the quarter related to damage we incurred during Hurricane Sandy. 
 So that is it on KMP's DCF. On KMP's balance sheet, we look at our total debt, we ended the quarter at $18.6 billion. That translates into debt-to-EBITDA of about 3.9x. We expect to end the year between 3.8 and 3.9x. That's up from what I mentioned in the first quarter call and also up from our budget which were both 3.7x. And that's due to the Copano acquisition where we only have a partial year benefit from those earnings. 
 The change in debt for the quarter was $1.4 billion. Year-to-date, it's $3.2 billion. In the quarter, we spent about $6 billion on acquisitions, expansions and contributions to equity investments with the largest piece of that being $5 billion that we spent on the Copano acquisition. And we spent about $650 million on expansion CapEx, which is the second largest piece of the $6 billion. We issued equity of a little under $4.5 billion, $3.7 billion of that was issued in the Copano transaction. We issued a $522 million, and that's actually the proceeds that we received in the quarter, I think, when you read the press release, the number's $585 million. There are some of those sales that closed after the quarter end. $522 million in proceeds up under the ATM. The KMR dividend generated $158 million in cash and then the GP contribution composed the balance. And then we had about $150 million in other items with the largest of that being a little under $100 million we received on the swap unwind. 
 Year-to-date, debt is up $3.2 billion. Cash out the door on acquisitions, expansions and contributions to equity investments, $8.75 billion. Acquisitions are $7.5 billion year-to-date, and that is primarily the $1.655 billion drop-down and $5 billion on the Copano acquisition. And then in addition, it reflects the $558 million of debt that we assumed associated with the first half of El Paso that came on to our books when we bought the second half, so we started consolidating that debt that when originally only owned 50% was not on our balance sheet. 
 Expansion CapEx was $1.1 billion in the quarter and we contribute about $140 million to equity investments. We issued $5.1 billion year-to-date. Again, $3.7 billion of that was associated with Copano. We received $400 million proceeds from the sale of Express. And then we have $17 million in other items. The largest piece is the swap unwind and then we had working capital outflows associated with the timing on accounts receivable, accounts payable and inventory. So that's KMP. 
 I'll now move to EPB. EPB again, first page is the income statement, which we don't think is overly useful for investors. Second page is the DCF. DCF per unit in the quarter, $0.60. That's down $0.08 versus a year ago. As we discussed at the time of the budget, for the full year, we expect DCF and EPB to be down and that's largely caused by the increase in the distribution. And just to give you an example of that, if in the quarter we kept the distribution flat, at the prior year distribution of $0.55, then DCF per unit would have been up 3% in the quarter. 
 Year-to-date, DCF, $1.38, which is up 2%. The coverage in the quarter, the $0.60 of DCF versus the $0.63 of distribution results in negative coverage of about $7 million, similar to KMP and what we told you in the first quarter and also at the time of the budget. We expect negative coverage in the second and the third quarter, excess coverage in the first and the fourth quarter. Year-to-date, we actually have positive coverage of over $25 million. 
 DCF in total was down $6 million in the quarter. It was up $20 million or 7% in the year -- or year-to-date. And so I'm going to reconcile the $6 million down and the $20 million up. For the quarter, the assets generated about $10 million in incremental earnings. That's primarily the Cheyenne Plains acquisition and the Elba Express pipeline expansion project, which came online on April 1 of this year. G&A is a benefit in the quarter, meaning it was lower than a year ago, primarily due to the cost savings that we implemented after the merger. Interest expense was an increase of $5 million in the quarter, largely as a function of rate. We turned out some debt that was on the revolver, as well as some Cheyenne Plains debt. So floating rate debt moved to fixed-rate debt at a higher rate. 
 Sustaining CapEx was a $2 million increase in the quarter and then the GP incentive was about a $19 million increase associated with the increase in the distribution. That gets you to $6 million for the quarter. Year-to-date, up $20 million. The assets generated about $52 million in incremental earnings. That's the $44 million that you see in increase in earnings before DD&A. 
 And in addition, because EPB has acquired partial interest in assets, you see part of that benefit down below in reduced noncontrolling interest expense. That gets you the other $8 million to get to the $52 million. That's associated -- the $52 million is associated with the acquisitions or the drop-downs and it's associated with the expansions on Southern Natural Gas and also the Elba Express pipeline expansion. 
 G&A is down $19 million in the quarter, so decreased expense, which is a benefit of $19 million versus year-to-date last year. Interest is up $11 million for the same reasons as I mentioned in the quarter. And then the GP incentive is up about $43 million, largely related to the increased distribution, which gets you to about $20 million increase. 
 Last 2 points on this page, if you look at the certain items for EPB, they total about $8 million in the quarter. $2 million in a tax reserve, which is noncash and related to capital projects; $3 million is amortization, but for regulatory purposes, gets captured in other income as opposed to DD&A. And then, small amount of offshore repair costs. As Rich said, we still expect that -- at EPB to declare $2.55 per unit in distributions for the full year. 
 EPB's balance sheet, we ended the quarter at $4.1 billion in debt. That translates into debt-to-EBITDA about 3.6x. Debt is down $15 million for the quarter and down $108 million year-to-date. In the quarter, we spent $22 million on expansion projects. We raised $65 million in equity under the ATM and then we had $28 million in other items, which primarily relates to timing on accrued interest. Year-to-date, we spent $43 million on expansions. We've raised $87 million in EPB's ATM and then we have positive coverage of about $28 million and then also a benefit on working capital of about $36 million related to timing on AP and AR and accrued interest. 
 Now looking at KMI. KMI, we declared the dividend of $0.40 in the quarter. We've generated cash available to pay the dividend of about $0.28. So similar to KMP and EPB and consistent with what we told you at the budget in last quarter, we had negative coverage in the second quarter. And as we said, we expect negative coverage in the second quarter and the third quarter and excess coverage in the first and the fourth. 
 Cash available to pay dividends in the quarter, $294 million. That was down $13 million versus a year ago and that's primarily related to timing on cash taxes, which I'll take you through in just a second. So looking at how you get to the $13 million change, the distribution from KMP generated -- that goes to the -- from the GP interest and LP interest, generated $95 million in additional cash, largely associated with the 7% increase in KMP's distribution. The distribution from -- that we received from EPB, an incremental $26 million. So the MLPs delivered an incremental $120 million -- a little over $120 million of incremental cash flow. 
 G&A and interest was up about $9 million and then cash taxes were up $69 million in the quarter. And a lot of that is timing on the full year. If you -- sorry, timing related to -- versus 2012. For the full year, we expect cash taxes to be up, as we showed you on our budget, about a little under $100 million. And so what you're seeing is about 70% of the full year variance sitting in the second quarter. And so that's what Rich and I mean when we talk about the timing on the cash taxes. 
 Cash available from other assets is down about $56 million and that's a function of the drop down. So the drop downs, we lose the income from those assets that were previously KMI. We pick up a benefit, but the benefit that you pick up shows up in the distributions coming from MLPs and it also shows up in decreased interest expense. What you can see that in the quarter, we have lower acquisition debt interest expense. And we've also paid down some of the debt that is up at KMI with these proceeds. And so when we get to the year-to-date numbers, you will see a benefit there as well. 
 In the 6 months, cash available to pay dividends is up $197 million. If you look at the cash coming from the MLPs, that is -- that generated $320 million of incremental cash. G&A and interest expense is actually a benefit of $6 million. Cash taxes are up $61 million year-to-date and then the cash available from other assets is down $68 million, largely as a function of the drop-downs. 
 Year-to-date on cash available paid dividends, we are above our originally published budget as a result of Copano. For the full year, we also expect to be ahead of our budget and then we expect that cash available to pay dividends will be up about 18% versus 16% in our original budget. And all that is consistent with the increase in guidance to declare $1.60 per share in dividends that we gave at the time of the Copano acquisition. 
 Looking at KMI's balance sheet. KMI ended the quarter with $9.5 billion in debt. We still expect KMI to end the full year around 5x on a fully consolidated basis. Debt is up a little over $100 million -- $111 million from last quarter, but it's down $1.9 billion since the end of last year. In the quarter, we spent $51 million on warrant repurchase. $48 million were contributions spent -- contributions made to the 2 MLPs for KMI to maintain its ownership percentage, it's 2% ownership. And then we had negative coverage of $121 million and then we had cash inflows of about $110 million, associated with other items. The most significant of these is that the cash taxes that we use and the metric are higher than the cash taxes that we actually pay and that's because we are utilizing more of the NOL than we assume -- that we can use in the metric. In the metric we assume that we can utilize $300 million of the NOL and we're actually utilizing more than that. 
 Year-to-date, again, decrease in debt, $1.9 billion. We received $2.2 billion on asset sales between the drops -- or $2.2 billion in proceeds plus debt that was moved or assumed in conjunction with the acquisitions by KMP. And so that's a reduction in debt of $2.2 billion. Warrant repurchase was $131 million year-to-date. We made pension contributions of $50 million. We made about $65 million contributions to the MLP. $50 million in contributions to other equity investments and then we had other items of $25 million. The most significant was the benefit that I talked about on cash taxes. We have the similar scenario in the year-to-date. And then also that's slightly offset in the year-to-date numbers by timing on distributions from equity investments. 
 And so with that, that gets us through the numbers. 
Richard Kinder: Thank you, Kim, and before we go to questions, I'll also mention, I neglected to do this in the opening comments. Our board today at KMI also approved the share and warrant repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase in the aggregate up to $350 million of either common stock or warrants. And that's -- there's no minimum repurchase obligation. That's just a maximum that we can do. But the board has granted us that discretion. So we'll be looking at buying back either warrants or shares in the future. 
 And with that, I'll turn it back to Erin and we'll take any and all questions you may have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Darren Horowitz from Raymond James. 
Darren Horowitz: I've got 2 quick questions. The first, Rich, and you referenced this, your thoughts around ramping Eagle Ford condensate volumes and more specifically the opportunities for the export of the products like light naphtha. I mean, you scaled up your investment to accommodate the second splitter. Your storage capacity is going to be over 7x the current splitting capability just from a throughput perspective. So how big of an issue do you think that, that's going to be on the Gulf Coast? And specifically, do you guys have a view as to when Canada might hit a blend wall for condensate  to be used as diluent and maybe that impacts volumes on Cochin or Southern Lights? 
Richard Kinder: Well, let me start with, if I understood your question, on the Eagle Ford condensate. First of all, I think it's pretty obvious, every quarter, we are expanding our reach into the Eagle Ford and the ability to handle more and more condensate and crude coming out of Eagle Ford. And, of course, post the Copano acquisition, we can move that either across our Kinder Morgan Crude and Condensate line to the Houston Ship Channel or down the Double Eagle line, which is a joint venture with Magellan, down to Corpus Christi. So we're giving people like Conoco and Anadarko and others tremendous optionality. So our volumes are ratcheting up -- will be ratcheting up on these facilities and it's a very good thing. Obviously, as you look at the -- what happens downstream like on the natural gas side, the tendency is that you move the bottlenecks downstream and then free enterprise being what it is, that bottleneck gets solved. So I think there will be additional export of products. Certainly, we're looking at that partially in conjunction with this BOSTCO facility. That's not the original purpose of it, but we certainly have land down there that we will be able to participate in export facilities. As far as the blend wall and the diluent, I really don't know. As you know, we are reversing Cochin. That project is now underway. It's about a $260 million project and we're fully subscribed except for the portion that we have to leave open for spot buys. But everything else is taken up under long-term contracts there. To us, that's the big indicator that people are very interested in the ability to move diluent across our line or across Southern Lights. So I think you're going to see continued interest in doing all that. Beyond what they're shipping on us, I really don't know what the future holds, but we're very happy that we're locked in on our investment on reversing Cochin. 
Operator: Next, we have Bradley Olsen with Tudor, Pickering. 
Brad Olsen: Quick question on the announcement you made earlier this quarter about potentially acquiring coal royalty assets. Just wanted to hear your thoughts on why you'd make that announcement? Whether or not there are specific assets that you have your eye on or whether you're just kind of telegraphing to the market that this is an area that you might get more involved with in the future? 
Richard Kinder: Well, let me just say a couple of sentences, then I'll turn it over to John Schlosser, who runs our Terminals group, and he can talk in a little more detail about our thoughts. But basically, as you know, Kinder Morgan is hugely optimistic about the role of natural gas in the future in this country. And to a large extent, it will displace coal in electric generation. That said, coal is always going to be an important fossil fuel both in the U.S. and around the world for the foreseeable future. And by that, I mean decades and decades. So whether it's 40% of electric burn in the United States or 30%, there's still going to look -- be a lot of coal to be handled. And if you look at it internationally, it's now, I think, 43% of the total fossil fuel use around the world. So there's still opportunities there. What's happened is that most of the coal producers are needing cash infusions, looking for sources of cash. And we think this is a good time to be able to serve those customers. And with that, I'll turn it over to John, who'll talk about -- we're going to be very conservative about how we do this. And I'll turn it over to John. 
John Schlosser: I'll tell you what it's not, it's not that we opened up a big teller window with a sign saying, "Bring us your reserves." We're looking strategic investments where there's low mine cost reserves that are highly competitive, where there's high quality reserves that are uniquely positioned and the more versatile, the better. If it can go export and domestic or if it could be tied to a Kinder Morgan terminal, all the better. We're going to use the same disciplined approach that we do with all of our KM investments. We're looking at guaranteed minimum returns on each of these projects and we're not taking product or market risk. 
Brad Olsen: So would it be safe to interpret those comments as indicating that you'd only look for something with a long-term, fixed-price takeaway agreement? 
Richard Kinder: Yes, I think that's a good analysis. 
Unknown Executive: Also, I think, John was getting at this too, but we're not taking mine operating risk on these investments either. 
Brad Olsen: Got it. Okay. And so, are you looking specifically at one basin or another? Or is this something that where you'd be looking to develop a diversified portfolio in coming years? 
John Schlosser: There are some that are more preferable than others. 
Richard Kinder: And that's one reason that we brought onboard an ex-CEO with 35 years or whatever experience in the industry to lead this team because we're going to look very carefully. And I will say that post our announcement that we have had a lot of discussions already with people who've come forward and we'll continue to look at what makes sense for us and if it doesn't make sense, we won't do it. So we're looking very carefully and this is a -- we're going to construct -- if we are successful on it, we're going to construct a very conservative portfolio. 
John Schlosser: I think the interesting part, too, is this could be a great platform to look at our other 1,000-some-odd products we handle. Right now we're initially going to focus on just coal, but we hope to get into some of the other commodities that we touch today, some of the other customers we touch. 
Brad Olsen: That's great color. And a follow-up around the Freedom Pipeline. Apparently, refiners in California expressed a preference for rail, but given the recent incidents that we've seen in the news where I'd say the safety of crude by rail has been -- maybe brought into renewed scrutiny. Does that -- as well as the fact that the Brent/WTI spread is seeming to be more favorable to pipeline projects, at least where it is today than it would be to rail. Do you think that this brings pipeline projects that maybe had been discarded in favor of rail back into the money? 
Richard Kinder: Well, I think it's too early to opine on that, Brad. What I will say is that clearly, as I said earlier, on a previous call, the Freedom Pipeline did not get sufficient customer backstopping to do at this time. On our Trans Mountain expansion in Canada, we went out twice with open seasons over the years and didn't get sufficient throughput to build it. The third time, we get 708,000 barrels of throughput commitment. So a lot just depends on a whole bunch of factors, all of which you mentioned are important, but we've got it on the shelf, but we know what it costs both from a standpoint of tariff and from the standpoint of what our returns will be based on the construction cost and the conversion cost. And if the California refiners and/or the Permian producers demonstrate they want to go forward with the project, we're certainly there to accommodate them. 
Operator: Next, we have John Edwards with Crédit Suisse. 
John Edwards: Just a couple real quick ones. You gave a backlog number on natural gas. I think it was for KMP and EPB combined. I think you said $2.7 billion or thereabouts. Do you... 
Richard Kinder: $2.8 billion -- it rounds to $2.8 billion, yes. 
John Edwards: $2.8 billion. What's the breakout between KMP and EPB on that? 
Richard Kinder: Well, it's about $1.8 billion to $1.9 billion at KMP and about $1 billion at EPB. The biggest at EPB is the joint venture with Shell, that's, as I said, is about $850 million. 
John Edwards: Okay. Great. And then just real quick, could you remind us the number of warrants outstanding at KMI? 
Kimberly Dang: 400 and -- hang on a second, 441 million. 
Richard Kinder: 441 million, roughly. 
Kimberly Dang: Oh, it's 414 million, sorry. 4-1-4. 
John Edwards: 4-1-4. Okay. 
Unknown Executive: From 5-0-5, starting... 
Operator: Next we have Brian Zarahn with Barclays. 
Brian Zarahn: I guess following up on the warrants. The buyback, just to clarify, that $350 million in new authorization and replace in addition to the $250 million, it seems like you just completed? 
Kimberly Dang: Right. The $250 million is complete. 
Brian Zarahn: Okay. And then it looks like this authorization includes buying back stock, can you talk a little bit about the -- including looking at stock versus the warrants? 
Kimberly Dang: Right. And so we're going to look at the prices of the relative securities and given what our view is on future stock price, decide which one is more economic for KMI to buy. 
Brian Zarahn: And then on your long-term 9% and 10% dividend growth guidance at KMI, just to confirm, that includes the impact of the warrants? 
Kimberly Dang: It includes the impact of the original $250 million. 
Richard Kinder: Yes, to the extent we buyback more warrants, that would tend to make our growth a little higher. 
Kimberly Dang: The $350 million is not included. 
Richard Kinder: Right. 
Brad Olsen: But it includes eventual conversion of the warrants? 
Kimberly Dang: It does. 
Richard Kinder: That's correct. 
Brian Zarahn: And then, I guess, on drop-downs, any additional color as to completing the process in 2014? 
Richard Kinder: Yes, we think we're still on target to do that and really nothing new on that now. 
Brian Zarahn: Is it reasonable to assume the next drop would -- to KMP, would probably not be until next year? 
Kimberly Dang: We just have to look at it. 
Richard Kinder: We just have to look at it as we go along. But certainly, we anticipate it'll be done by next year. 
Kimberly Dang: We didn't budget anything additional for this year, but that doesn't mean that we wouldn't do something later in the year. We'll just have to look at it. 
Operator: And we have no further questions in queue sir. 
Richard Kinder: Okay. Well, Erin, thank you very much and thanks to all of you for calling in. Have a good evening. And again, we're happy with the quarter we had and look forward to a very strong 2013. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation on today's call. You may disconnect your line at this time.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-17 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn today's call over to your host, Mr. Rich Kinder, Chairman and CEO of Kinder Morgan. Sir, you may begin. 
Richard Kinder: Thank you, Aerin, and welcome to the Kinder Morgan Analyst Call for the First Quarter of 2013. As usual, we'll be making statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. I'll give an overview of the first quarter. Kim Dang, our Chief Financial Officer, will then take you through the detailed financials. And then our President, Steve Kean, Kim and I will answer any and all questions that you might have. 
 As usual, we'll be talking about Kinder Morgan, Inc., the GP of the Kinder Morgan companies, which I'll refer to as KMI; and also about Kinder Morgan Energy Partners and El Paso Pipeline Partners, which I'll refer to as KMP and EPB. And those are our affiliated Master Limited Partnerships. Together, these companies have an enterprise value of a little over $110 billion. That makes us the largest midstream and third largest energy company in North America. Once again, I'm happy to report that all 3 entities raised their dividends or distributions for the first quarter of 2013. So let me take you through each of the 3 companies.
 Starting with KMI. We raised our dividend to $0.38, which is $1.52 annualized. That's up 19% from the first quarter of 2012. We had cash available for dividends of $513 million or $0.49 per share, which is an increase of 14% over the $0.43 per share that we had in Q1 of 2012. We're on target with our drop-downs of El Paso assets into KMP and EPB, and we completed the drop-down to KMP in the first quarter of 50% of El Paso Natural Gas and certain midstream assets. And we expect to sell our 50% interest in the Gulf LNG facilities to EPB later this year.
 We're also on target regarding the expected savings resulting from the El Paso acquisition. We originally projected $350 million in the first full year. We're now in excess of $400 million for that first full year versus that $350 million target. Strong performance at KMI was driven by good results at both KMP and EPB and by good results in the pipeline assets we still retained at KMI. We expect to meet our budget target of $1.57 and declared dividends for 2013. That's a 12% increase from the 2012 declared dividends of $1.40. And if you look out further into the future, we have currently identified well over $12 billion of expansion and JV projects across North America.
 Now let me turn to Kinder Morgan Energy Partners, or KMP. There, we increased our distribution to $1.30, which is $5.20 annualized. That's up 8% from Q1 of '12. Our segments produced earnings before DD&A of $1.276 billion. That's up 24% from Q1 of '12. And of course, as you know, we like to refer to distributable cash flow per unit. And there, DCF/u pre certain items is $1.46 versus $1.37 for Q1 of 2012. And that's an increase of 7% year-over-year. 
 If you look at the performance of each segment at KMP starting with natural gas, and let me just relate to our overall feelings on natural gas across all of the Kinder Morgan companies. We believe natural gas is clearly the fossil fuel of the future. It's domestic, clean, abundant and reasonably priced. And that makes it a clear winner for this country for decades to come. One of the biggest challenges to this rosy scenario is to overcome the obstacles in midstream infrastructure to ensure that there's adequate capacity to connect the new sources of supply to the markets where the demand is. 
 Now if you look at Kinder Morgan specifically, we have 62,000 miles of gas pipelines. We'll have about 70,000 post the Copano merger. So I think our companies are ideally situated to help meet this challenge of providing the needed infrastructure in North America. Within KMP, this segment was up 78% from its earnings before DD&A in the first quarter of 2012. Of course, this improvement was driven primarily by the drop-downs of Tennessee Gas Pipeline and El Paso Natural Gas, both of which occurred subsequent to the first quarter of 2012 and both of which are performing as expected and, actually, a bit above our plan for Q1 of 2013.
 Across the KMP Natural Gas segment, transportation volumes were up about 7% versus a year ago. That's as a result of higher Eagle Ford value -- volume, increased deliveries to Mexico on our Texas Intrastate systems and a new supply project in the Northeast on Tennessee. We expect to close on the Copano acquisition in early May. As we've told you previously, we expect that to be modestly accretive to KMP in 2013 and that's not in our present forecast numbers. And we expect it to about $0.10 accretive in 2014 and beyond. We expect that we'll be adding, as I said, about 7,000 miles of gas pipelines, which have 2.7 Bcf a day of natural gas throughput capacity, together with 9 processing plants, which have over 1 Bcf a day of processing capacity and about 315 million a day of treating capacity.
 Aside from Copano, we have lots of other projects underway in our Natural Gas segment at KMP, mostly at TGP in the Northeast where we have $900 million worth of projects there alone. But we're also finding opportunities to deliver more gas to Mexico to exp and our Texas operations. And we're now in an open season to determine the industry interest in our proposed Freedom Pipeline, which would connect a portion -- which would convert a portion of El Paso Natural Gas from natural gas to crude oil service and would move crude from the Permian Basin in West Texas to the California refineries. Now let me emphasize, as we said before, we won't build this unless we have customer support through binding long-term contracts. Our open season began on April 2 and extends through May 2.
 Turning to our CO2 segment. The positives there were very good oil production at SACROC. We averaged 30,700 barrels per day in the first quarter. That's up 14% or almost 4,000 barrels from Q1 of 2012. And we also have record NGL production, actually over 20,000 barrels per day gross production at our SACROC processing unit, the Snyder gas plant, and that was up 15% from the first quarter of 2012. We also substantially approved our -- improved our volumes at the Katz Field as that production continues to ramp up quarter-to-quarter. 
 The negatives were a wide Midland-to-Cushing spread on oil prices in January and February. That's now corrected and the forward curve indication will stay corrected for the rest of the year. But that spread in January and February did negatively impact our average oil price per barrel. We also faced lower NGL prices for the quarter compared to a year ago but pretty much on our plan. Even with those 2 negatives, we expect the CO2 segment to be slightly above plan for the full year 2013, although I'll caution that at any time you talk about projecting what's going to happen over the next 9 months, that's always a little dicey this early in the year. But so far, we feel good about our CO2 segment. 
 The big thing here is that the CO2 demand in the Permian Basin remains very strong. We talk about that almost every quarter. Consequently, we're expanding our source fields in Southwest Colorado by adding a significant amount of compression that we believe will boost the total output from Southwest Colorado from about 1.2 Bcf a day that we have today to about 1.4 Bcf a day by 2014. All of that additional CO2 will be sold under long-term contracts. As I said, the demand for CO2 in the Permian is very strong. We're also starting work on the new source field on the Arizona to Mexico border that will add significant additional supply in future years. And we estimate that we will be able to add at least 200 million cubic feet a day as a result of that field.
 So if you look at it, we're supplying about 1.2 Bcf a day today. With these projects, we expect to get up into the 1.6 Bcf a day, maybe a little better than that in the next few years. And that's a significant additional source of service to our customers and additional source of opportunity for our own bottom line. Today, of course, we're still curtailing customers, including our own oil production activities in the Permian Basin. That's how strong the demand is for CO2 in the Permian.
 Turning to our Products Pipeline business segment. They had a very good first quarter, led by higher volumes and revenues on our Cochin Pipeline system by increased volumes and margins at our Transmix operations and by the contribution from Kinder Morgan Crude and Condensate line, which was completed in the second quarter of 2012. In this segment, our NGL volumes increased by 32%, over a year ago, our NGL revenues were up 56%. 
 Looking at refined products volumes. We were up 1.4% for the quarter versus the first quarter of '12. And that's contrasted with an EIA national decline of about 1.2%. Our increase was driven largely by volumes on our Plantation system, which in turn was helped -- were helped by a competitor pipeline's allocations during the first quarter. We also had good biodiesel volumes in this segment, which were up by 20% over a year ago. We expect this segment to be slightly above plan for full year 2013. 
 And also in this area, we have a number of significant projects underway. These include a splitter project on the Houston Ship Channel,  which will split condensate for us. We've now expanded that planning to 100,000 barrels per day of processing capacity and we've expanded the storage capacity from 1.2 million barrels to 1.9 million barrels. That's all pursuant to long-term contracts with BP. The total cost is now projected at about $360 million. The first phase will come online in '14, the second phase in '15. And we expect that to be a very good project for us and our customers. And in fact, we think there may be opportunity to add even additional volumes on a going-forward basis.
 In addition, we have significant expansions of our KMCC line, construction of our Parkway Pipeline in Louisiana and Mississippi and the reversal of our Cochin Pipeline to move condensate up to Alberta. These are significant projects and we have a lot more detail on them in our release from this afternoon.
 Turning to our Terminals segment. Here, we benefited from increased demand for export coal, where our volumes were about 12% above last year. But we continue to see lower domestic coal volumes. We also enjoyed increased revenues in our liquids terminals, particularly in the Northeast and Gulf Coast, due to new and restructured contracts at higher rates. On the negative side, we have lower petcoke volumes due largely to refinery shutdowns during the quarter along the Gulf Coast and we had a decline in steel volumes. We think the average utilization of our steel customers went from around 79% down to about 75% during the quarter. And we also saw a decline in this segment in ethanol volumes, primarily due to a conversion of certain of our ethanol assets to other uses, primarily crude service and some vegetable oil. And we also experienced the impact of higher ethanol barrels being imported on our coastal terminals but actually have higher demand in our terminals that are located on the inland waterways and elsewhere away from the coast.
 In our Terminals group, we're working on a wide range of improved major projects. We detailed these in our release and they include significant new liquid storage facilities at Edmonton, Alberta, our fifth crude by rail project progress on our 430 million BOSTCO terminal on the Houston Ship Channel, which we now expect to expand beyond the original 6.5 million barrels of capacity together with the expansion of our chemical storage capacity.
 Turning to Kinder Morgan Canada. Trans Mountain continues to experience very strong demand to move oil sands production to the lower mainland of British Columbia and the Washington State, as well as across our dock in Vancouver. Specifically, the movement of volumes to Washington State were up by 7%. Our volumes across the dock in Vancouver for the quarter were up 18% from a year ago. We also signed a new 3-year toll agreement with our current customers, which was recently approved by the National Energy Board in Canada. During the quarter, we closed on the sale of our 1/3 interest in Express-Platte Pipeline and we received approximately $400 million gross proceeds from that sale. That will mean that the segment, Kinder Morgan Canada, will likely be slightly below plan for the year. But overall, taking into account the use of that cash we received, the transaction will be modestly accretive to the cash flow at KMP as a whole.
 Most importantly, we continue to make progress on our proposed expansion of the Trans Mountain system from 300,000 barrels a day to 890,000 barrels a day. That's a $5.4 billion potential project, underpinned by long-term contracts on over 700,000 barrels per day. We expect to file our facilities application with the NEB later this year. 
 So that's it on the segments in KMP. Let me spend just a couple of minutes on EPB. There, we raised our distribution to $0.62 a quarter. That's up 22% from the first quarter of '12. On a DCF per unit basis, we had $0.78 per unit versus $0.69 a year ago. That's up 13% year-over-year. We had a strong first quarter resulting from the drop-downs, which occurred in Q2 of '12 and by good results on the SNG system, where we completed an expansion project.
 Our gas-fired power generation on SNG was up 4% versus a very strong Q1 of 2012. And that's in contrast with the national trend, which was down quarter-over-quarter and, frankly, in contrast to the results at our other Kinder Morgan pipelines where we were down in 2000 -- first quarter of 2013 versus first quarter of 2012 in terms of demand for power generation. Still had good quarters but not as big as the first quarter a year ago.
 At EPB, we're particularly encouraged by significant LNG export opportunities that we're pursuing. At our Elba Island facility, near Savannah, Georgia, we entered into a new long-term contract with a Shell subsidiary to develop a liquefaction facility that will have capacity of 2.5 million tons per year or 350 million cubic feet a day of throughput under 2 phases of development. The first phase is approximately 210 million cubic feet a day and that is not contingent on any non-FTA approval and on an 8-inch basis, will involve a capital cost of about $1 billion. If we build the second phase, that will be an additional CapEx of about $500 million, 8-inch. We own 51% of the project. Shell owns 49%. And in addition, we're also doing some expansion on related facilities to get the gas to liquefaction facilities. And we also earn a return on those. 
 At Gulf LNG, that's our facility along the Mississippi Gulf Coast, which EPB expects to purchase from KMI later this year, we're working on a larger facility. But again, we're emphasizing customers with demand for export to FTA countries. And we're coming along pretty well with that. We'll just have to see whether we can put it all together. But we're hopeful that we can.
 EPB is also bidding through SNG on a new pipeline project to Florida to serve the needs of Florida Power & Light under an RFP procedure that's presently underway in Florida.
 So in summary, 2013 is off to a very good start in the Kinder Morgan companies and we continue to see enormous opportunities for expanding our great midstream footprint across North America. 
 And with that, I'll turn it over to Kim. 
Kimberly Dang: Okay. Thanks, Rich. I'm going to start with KMP. Then I'll do EPB financials and finally, KMI. Looking at the first page of the KMP financials, you'll see it's the GAAP income statement. As we say every quarter, we don't find the GAAP income statement overly meaningful. And so I'll move to the second page, which is what we think more accurately portrays the results of the company and our calculation of distributable cash flow, so the cash flow that we produce for -- that's available for distribution. At the bottom of that page, you will see DCF per unit, as Rich said, of $1.46, up 7% versus a year ago. Versus our distribution of $1.30, that translates into coverage of a little over $60 million. As we said at the time of the budget and it still continues to be true, we will have excess coverage in the first quarter. We will have excess coverage in the fourth quarter and we will have excess coverage for the year. But we will have negative coverage in the second and the third quarter.
 The DCF in total, $550 million in the second quarter. That's $88 million above this first quarter of 2012. Looking at where that growth comes from, the segments in total, $1.276 billion of segment earnings before DD&A in certain items. That's up $247 million or 24%. Of the $247 million, $218 million of that is coming out of natural gas. And as we discussed, that's largely driven by the drop-downs that KMP or the assets at KMP has acquired from KMI, both in August of last year and in March of this year. And that's somewhat offset by reduced income because of the sales, the FTC sales, that we made in the third quarter of -- the fourth quarter of last year. Products Pipelines is up $24 million and that's a result of the good performance on Cochin and Transmix.
 Looking at each of the segments versus our budget. Natural Gas Pipelines in the quarter was slightly above its budget. But that's largely due to timing on O&M in some of the interstate gas pipelines. For the year, we expect that natural gas will be on its budget. CO2 for the quarter was slightly below its budget. That's a function of the wide Midland-Cushing differential that impacted the price we get on our oil. As Rich discussed, that is now corrected primarily as a result of the Longhorn Pipeline coming online. For the year, we expect CO2 to be slightly above its budget, largely as a function of higher oil prices.
 Products Pipelines for the quarter was slightly above its budget as a result of strong performance on Cochin and Transmix versus what we expected. And the same will be true for the full year, we expect them to be slightly above their budget for the same reasons.
 Terminals, for the quarter, was a little bit below its budget, given the lower domestic coal volumes, the lower steel volumes and a terminated contract on our material service handling business. For the year, we also expect them to be slightly below their budget, primarily as a result of the terminated contract and also higher booked taxes. Now realize, booked taxes have an impact on Terminals. But overall, in our calculation of DCF, we add back booked taxes, subtract cash taxes, so this booked tax impact does not have an impact on the overall DCF of KMP.
 Kinder Morgan Canada was on budget for the quarter. As Rich mentioned, we will be below plan for the year as a result of the Express sale. But overall, the transaction is going to be accretive for KMP as we use the proceeds to reduce the debt we need -- the debt and the equity that we need to issue.
 Dropping down to the middle of your page, general and administrative expense, $123 million in the quarter. That's up about $15 million from last year, largely as a result of acquisitions. For the quarter, we're on our budget for G&A. For the full year, we expect G&A to come in slightly below our budget as a result of higher capitalized overhead that's resulting from increased expansion CapEx projects.
 Interest for the quarter was up $48 million over the first quarter of 2012 as a result of higher balance given the acquisitions and expansion projects. For the quarter, we were slightly favorable to our budget. And for the full year, we expect to be favorable to our budget given the reduced debt needs or financing needs as a result of the Express transaction.
 The sustaining CapEx for the quarter were up about $4 million over last -- the first quarter of 2012. In the first quarter versus our budget, we actually spent less than what we budgeted. So there's a favorable variance. But for the full -- that's just timing. For the full year, we expect the sustaining CapEx will be on budget. The certain items in the quarter, total $137 million benefit, 141 of that is the gain on the sale of Express. And so that really takes you through KMP. As a Rich said, we expect, at this point, to be on our budget for the year.
 Looking at KMP's balance sheet. The only thing I'll point out to you here is that we had to -- under the accounting rules, we have to recast KMP for the drop-downs. What that means is we have to go back and restate KMP's 12/31 balance sheet to include the assets that were dropped down as of March 1. The primary impact that you're going to see on the balance sheet as a result of that is you're going to see a big negative of about $490 million in partners capital. And that's because we're separating the transaction. You're separating when you put the assets on your balance sheet from when you pay for the assets. And so when you put the assets on the balance sheet now, they're on our balance sheet as of 12/31, there's a big positive. When you pay for them, then you have a negative in partners capital. And so that's what you're seeing in the change in partners capital between December 31 and March 31.
 Looking at debt to EBITDA, we ended the quarter at 3.9x. That's up. Now what you see on the face of the balance sheet is 4x at the end of December. But again, that's a result of the recast. Where we actually ended December last year was at 3.7x. The debt to EBITDA is up as a result of the acquisitions and we only have 1 month of EPNG and midstream in our -- in our EBITDA. But we've got a -- all of the debt in the total debt outstanding. So we still expect KMP to end the year at 3.7x, consistent with its budget.
 Total debt, we ended at $7.22 billion. That's up from $15.35 billion at the end of last year. Again, the $15.35 billion is where we really ended. You can see the recast number is $16.5 billion. So the increase in debt from where we actually ended, $1.87 billion increase in debt in the quarter. And just going through the primary uses of that, the acquisitions were $1.1 billion. That was -- $1.655 billion was the acquisition price on the drop-downs. That included $558 million of KMP's allocable share of the EPNG debt. So that's your $1.1 billion of acquisitions. Then as a result of acquiring the other 50% of EPNG, all of EPNG's debt came on to KMP's balance sheet. It was previously an equity investment and that debt was not on KMP's balance sheet. So you have $1.115 billion that came on as a result of that. We had expansion CapEx of about $480 million and we had contributions to equity investments of a little under $90 million. The primary contributions to equity investments was $45 million contribution to midstream to pay off a revolver that was down there. So that's a $2.78 billion use of cash between those items. 
 We generated about $400 million in proceeds from the sale of Express and then we raised about $650 million in equity between the units that were issued to KMI, KMP offering and the KMR dividend. And then we had about $139 million use of cash in the quarter for working capital and other items. That's primarily associated with accrued interest. Most of KMP's interest payments on its bonds occur in the first quarter and in the third quarter. So that's -- and that's KMP. I will now turn to EPB.
 Again, first page in your package is EPB's GAAP income statement. I will skip over that and focus on the calculation of distributable cash flow. EPB generated DCF per unit in the quarter of $0.78. That's up $0.09 or 13% over a year ago. Based on the distribution that we declared today of $0.62, that's coverage in the quarter of about $30 million. Similar to KMP, EPB generates excess coverage in the first quarter and in the fourth quarter. And we expect it will have negative coverage in the second quarter and the third quarter, but will have coverage consistent with its budget for the full year.
 DCF in total, $169 million. That's up $26 million from the first quarter a year ago. Looking at the components of that $26 million increase in DCF, the first line on the DCF calculation, earnings before DD&A and certain items, $317 million in the quarter. That's up $34 million versus the first quarter of 2012. In addition, that doesn't tell the whole story, as we've talked about in prior quarters. EPB was acquiring partial interest in assets from El Paso and they -- what happens is from an accounting perspective, they record 100% of the income and then on the piece of that asset they don't own, they will record an expense down below called noncontrolling interest. As a result of acquiring 100% of certain assets, primarily the remaining 14% interest in CIG, there's lower noncontrolling interest in the first quarter of 2013 than there was in the first quarter of 2012. So that's an additional $8 million that the assets generated. So in total, the $34 million plus the $8 million, $42 million increase in the performance of the assets. About $28 million of that is a result of acquisitions and the balance largely is a result of the performance on SNG due to the expansion projects and also to improve or lower O&M.
 G&A in the quarter, $20 million expense. That's down from $30 million a year ago. So a $10 million improvement. And that's just the cost savings that Rich mentioned that we're achieving of -- that's EPB's portion of the $400 million.
 Interest is $75 million expense in the quarter. That's a $6 million increase from a year ago, largely as a result of higher balance given the expansions and the acquisitions. Sustaining CapEx is lower by about $3 million and then the GP incentive is higher by about $24 million. That gets you to $25 million of the $26 million. So there's about $1 million in other items.
 For the year, EPB overall is on track to meet its budget. And there aren't any significant variances in the major line items that we used to calculate DCF. On EPB's balance sheet, EPB ended the quarter at 3.7x debt to EBITDA. That's down a little bit from the 3.9x at year end. That's largely -- that improvement is largely timing. We still expect to end the year at 3.9x, consistent with our budget. EPB's debt in the quarter, we ended at $4.14 billion of debt. That's down about $93 million. Just to reconcile that debt for you, we spent a little over $20 million in expansion CapEx. EPB started an ATM program and issued about $22 million under its ATM program during the quarter. We had about $35 million of coverage and then working capital was a source of cash of about $58 million, largely as a result of the timing on interest payments.
 So with that, I'll move to KMI and its cash available for -- to pay dividends, the first page of the KMI numbers. The cash available per share, as Rich mentioned, $0.49. That's up $0.07 or 16%. That compares to our dividend of $0.38. So we have over 100 -- we've got about over $115 million of coverage in the quarter. Similar to both KMP and EPB, at KMI, we expect excess coverage in the first quarter and the fourth quarter and excess coverage for the year. The -- actually, we're going to be right on top for the year of coverage in the second and the third quarter, our negative coverage, given the timing of certain tax payments and interest payments.
 The cash available to pay dividends, $513 million. That's up $210 million or 69% from the first quarter in 2012. Looking at what drove that growth of $210 million, the cash generated from the 2 MLPs up $199 million. The cash generated by -- from KMP, up $94 million. Of that, $81 million was associated with the GP interest. And the balance, $13 million, was associated with our interest in the limited partner unit. EPB, up $105 million as a result of the acquisition that occurred subsequent to the first quarter in 2012. The expenses at G&A, interest and cash taxes, actually, a $23 million benefit when you compare the first quarter of 2012 to the first quarter of 2013. And that's largely a result of some debt that was paid down, some KMI debt that was paid down when it matured with the drop-down proceeds last August.
 If you look -- cash tax -- G&A expenses, up $8 million quarter-to-quarter. That's a function of the acquisition. Interest expense, I mentioned, is a positive. Cash taxes are also a positive, but that's just timing. As we outlined in our budget, we expect cash taxes in 2013 to be higher than they were in 2012. And then the cash available from other assets, $100 million increase and that's a result of the acquisition. And then you can see that is offset by the debt that we assumed in the El Paso acquisition and the acquisition debt. So that, that -- those assets less the debt that was either assumed or issued was about a $12 million increase in expense between the 2 quarters. That gets you the $210 million increase for the quarter.
 Turning to KMI's balance sheet. KMI ended the quarter $9.375 billion of debt. KMI's balance sheet, like KMP's balance sheet, has been recast. So you can see the 12/31 debt at $10.23 billion. Actually, where we ended 2012 was at $11.4 billion of debt. We -- basically, we have a little over $2 billion repayment of debt at KMI in the first quarter. 
 Just the major items that drove that. The proceeds from the drop-down were about $988 million. The debt that moves to KMP associated with those drop-downs, as we talked about on KMP, $1.115 billion. We sold the Bolivia-to-Brazil pipeline and got a little under $90 million. We made a contribution to our pension, which was about a $50 million use of cash. We repurchased about $80 million for the warrants and then we had contributions to equity investments of about $48 million. The largest piece of that was a $45 million contribution to midstream to repay its revolver. Then there was about $24 million in other items to get you to the $2.04 billion reduction in debt.
 So that's all I have. 
Richard Kinder: Okay. Aerin, if you'll come back on, we'll take questions that you may have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Darren Horowitz from Raymond James. 
Darren Horowitz: I've got a question -- actually, 2 questions about the CO2 business. And this goes back to some of the comments that you made with regard to expanding the source fields in Southwest Colorado. But as you're talking with these Permian producers, you guys obviously have a pretty good sense of the timing of CO2 production as that ramps concurrent with the expectations for crude production growth. And it seems to like that could drive a lot of incremental volume commitments on the Freedom line. So from a source field perspective, is the right way to think about those compression additions that you referenced at Doe Canyon and McElmo Dome still tracking about $500 million in total cost for both and a target in terms of volume ramp maybe around the second and the fourth quarter of 2014, respectively? 
Richard Kinder: Go ahead, Jim Wuerth. 
Jim Wuerth: Yes. The costs are right on budget and I think with both of those together, it's about $500 million. We should have expand at Doe, and we should even be getting most of that expansion done in the volumes by the end of this year, in fact, in the fourth quarter and then towards the end of 2014 for the Yellow Jacket facility. 
Darren Horowitz: Okay. And then taking that one step further, that new source field on the Arizona-Mexico border, I assume you're talking about expanding St. Johns. And I recognize you're still in the assessment phase there, but is the right way to continue to think about that, roughly a $2 billion project cost that could possibly get to 650 MMcf a day throughput and that would basically feed the Cortez line? Am I thinking about that the right way? 
Jim Wuerth: Yes, we reduced the cost quite a bit and looking at a $200 million case and that will start with that. And I think those numbers are around $600 million and we -- yes, we would head into the Cortez Pipeline just south of Albuquerque. 
Operator: Next, we have Ted Durbin with Goldman Sachs. 
Theodore Durbin: Just on the Freedom side here, you've got this number, the 277,000 barrels a day. I guess I'm wondering, it seems like a pretty precise number. How did you get to that number? Is that what you need to get to sort of a certain hurdle rate or your kind of a return that you'd need? And then maybe you can talk about what kind of tariff you'd need to get to the economics you want on that pipeline. 
Richard Kinder: Well, the 277,000 is just what the engineering studies showed would result -- would be the resulting capacity from the way we intend to build it. That's not the number of barrels we would need. We would need fewer barrels than that. I think we've said publicly we need around 200,000 barrels a day to make the thing hunt economically. As far as the tariff, Tom Martin is here. Tom? 
Tom Martin: Yes. It's in the neighborhood of $5. It's kind of what we've been pitching to the market. 
Richard Kinder: $5. And so again, as I said, we have an open season underway now. And if we get the kind of commitments that we hope to get, this will be a good project. If we don't, we'll, obviously, reassess. We're not building it for our health. We're building it only if we can make money on it.
 So that's where we stand on it. And we're just in the middle of the open season now, we've got good conversations, but we'll see how that translates into volumes. As I've said before, it would seem to be a marriage made in heaven. You've got certainly trend line toward increasingly excess production in the Permian and you've got the West Coast refineries that are spending hellacious amounts of money on crude supply. And you would think that paying a reasonable amount of money to bridge those 2, the source and the demand, would make sense, but again, that's up to our customers. 
Theodore Durbin: Got it. That's helpful. The next one for me is just on the Terminals here. It looks like kind of flat year-over-year results. You're now saying probably below budget. I guess I'm trying to understand, is that just kind of continuation of the trends you saw in the first quarter with the weak coal volumes, petcoke volumes? Or kind of how do you see that shaping up for the rest of the year? 
Richard Kinder: Well, first of all, we had a 12% growth in the Terminals for the year and we'll get very close to that. And so when we say slightly below budget, we're still, for the year, going to have a very nice growth. We have some things coming online later in the year. So certainly, it's not going to be flat to 2012. We're going to have growth. We're just not going to have -- quite chin the bar at that 12% growth that we have in the budget. John Schlosser, you want to add... 
John Schlosser: The other thing I'd add is the petcoke volume our earnings were off $2.3 million and that was associated with 4 outages at major refineries here in the Gulf Coast. So we don't expect that to recur in the out-quarters. 
Theodore Durbin: Great. And then this is a small one -- I think it's a small one for you, but I want to make sure. All this RIN noise, the renewable credits, I guess, is that anything that we should think about as being an impact to you, an opportunity or a cost? Just how do we think about the RINs for you? 
Richard Kinder: Well, it's a positive for us because we generate excess RINs at our Transmix facilities. And then how much of an upside for us is, depends on the price of the RINs. We're pretty definite on how many RINs we're going to -- excess RINs we're going to generate and it's about 700,000 gallons a month. 
Unknown Executive: That's right, it's 700,000. 
Richard Kinder: And so today, those prices are running $0.65, $0.70. So you can multiply that out and that's how much per month we can make from it. But they were as low as $0.10 a few months ago. They've been as high as, I think, $1.08 or $1.10 at one point. So we're just -- we're selling them on a monthly basis to a customer who wants to take all that we have and so we'll just see what it results in. So it will be upside. The question is how much; and that, we don't know. We just play it month by month and that's not in any of the projections that Kim's talking about when she says products is going to slightly exceed. It's a plan for the year. We haven't counted anything on additional RIN sales, although we recognize about $1.9 million, I think, Ron, of sales in the first quarter. 
Ron McClain: Yeah. 
Operator: Next, we have Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers. 
Craig Shere: A couple of questions. First, on LNG. Is the focus on off-takers that are really interested more on FTA country exports, just natural conservatism? Or do you think that it's just going to be very tough to get incremental DOE non-FTA approvals? And do you see the recent rise in gas prices in the states affecting both the appetite and potential pricing for those long-term contracts? 
Richard Kinder: Well, first of all, I think the answer as to why we're concentrating on FTA is a combination of 2 things. You mentioned that we are conservative about it. And secondly and we're not sure what the non-FTA process is. I mean, just as recently as yesterday at a conference, I guess, the undersecretary, who's in charge with making these decisions, said he didn't know when they would make the decision, that they had to consider a lot of factors. They've had a couple of studies already about which you said we should export. But we don't have a decision yet. So I think in the end and I've said this before, our view is that there will be substantial amounts of non-FTA approved, particularly for those plants that have good contracts with viable, creditworthy companies. But we can't guarantee that, that's going to happen. So we've concentrated on the FTA. And as I said in my remarks, the beauty of the deal with Shell at Elba Island is that whole first phase is not contingent on getting the non-FTA approval. Now at the Gulf, where we have more space, more opportunity there in terms of sizing, we're working with some customers there to do a non-FTA train -- excuse me, an FTA train and we're working with other customers to work on non-FTA volumes, too. But again, our first preference is to get FTA signed up because there, we have projects we can depend on and know that they're going forward. So that's our feeling. As far as the gas price increase, I don't know how much weekly or monthly movement really means. I don't believe anybody thought that the Henry Hub price of supply looking out over the life of an LNG contract was going to stay at $2 or $2.50 where it was this time last year. But certainly, if the perception becomes that gas prices are meaningfully higher, then that will have some impact, I suppose, on how willing players are to enter into contracts. You have to remember, of course, that the disconnect between the landed prices for LNG, particularly in Japan and the rest of Asia to a lesser extent, versus the price of the Henry Hub even when adding in the liquefaction and transportation expenses is still enormous. There's still a big spread there between the landed cost and the cost of the -- landed price and the cost of delivering. So I think there's still money to be made there. But that may well change, may well close. And obviously, we're not betting on that. We're just looking for customers who want to take a swing at those things and make a lot of money and we're happy to just get the minimum return on our little assets that we're going to build for them. 
Craig Shere: Great. And I just want to follow up on Darren's questions on CO2. Is the CO2 supply more than EOR really driving the expectations for outperformance for the year? And on EOR, do you see production continuing to surprise the upside? 
Richard Kinder: Well, I think first of all, starting with the second question on the EOR side, we were off to a very good start, particularly SACROC, which was hugely above this quarter last year and a good bit above our plan for the first quarter. And these NGL volumes also are running above our plan and at record levels. And we expect those to continue. Now we're going to have -- we have a train down now on the -- that curtails for a couple of weeks some of our NGLs. So we may not have exactly the same numbers we had in the first quarter, but we expect both of those will be very strong for the year. Katz had a very nice increase quarter-over-quarter and we're continuing to see growth over there. We're now running -- in April, for example, we're up to 2,400 barrels -- a little over 2,400 barrels a day there. So that's a nice increase even though we're in the first quarter. So I think all of our EOR activities are all production that looks good for the year. And we expect that to continue. We -- the supply side of it, the CO2 amount, I think it's more of a long-term driver. As Jim Wuerth said, we will have some of that, particularly at Doe, online. We've taken the October, November timeframe, which will help us some. We're curtailing now. And at Doe alone, we think we can take the production up from about 105 a day to 170 a day. So to the extent we can sell 65 million cubic feet a day of CO2 for a couple of months, that will be a nice little driver in the next couple of months. But it's not the major driver. The major driver, I think, in the long run, is getting that production from Southwest Colorado up to the full 1.4 Bcf per day and then that should happen by next year. And then getting the St. Johns field, all in which case, we'll be at 1.6 and maybe a little better. That's where I think the upstream or the supply side becomes a real driver. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next one comes from Bradley Olsen with Tudor, Pickering. 
Brad Olsen: On the Cochin project that you guys have discussed going from Illinois to Alberta, you obviously have an Eastern segment of that pipeline, which there's been no reversal plans announced yet. But given the prospect of a lot of condensate basically without a market in Ohio, as the Utica gets ramped up, is that a project that you're continuing to look at? And have you discussed that with potential customers? 
Richard Kinder: Yes, we continue to look at that. There are a couple of interesting alternatives for that Eastern segment. Ron McClain, anything you want to add to that? 
Ron McClain: We've looked at several opportunities and are actively pursuing it. We don't have a project yet, but we do think it's part of the ultimate solution for some of those projects that's going to come out of that area. So we're working with several people on it. 
Brad Olsen: Great. On the Tennessee Gas asset, you -- the asset runs through a potentially productive area in Northwest Pennsylvania and Northeast Ohio. One of your competitors recently announced a project to provide gathering and processing services in that area. Is that an area where, especially given your past relationships with Petrohawk, given that Halcon is talking about that being a big area for them, is that an area that you expect to potentially use your Tennessee Gas footprint to build out a gathering and processing asset base there? 
Richard Kinder: Tom Martin? 
Tom Martin: Yes, we are actually -- in our midstream segment, we're actively pursuing, gathering and processing opportunities in the Utica as well as the Marcellus. We're really focusing on the Utica right now. We've been pursuing that for the last several months and really starting to see a little traction that at this point. So it will be both dry gas and rich gas gathering as well as processing and we're pursuing those opportunities right now. 
Brad Olsen: Great. And then just one more housekeeping question. Can you provide utilization rates on the oil and condensate line out of the Eagle Ford? and if you have the numbers available, a breakout of oil versus condensate volumes? 
Richard Kinder: Well, what we have on the Kinder Morgan Crude and Condensate line is it has capacity of 300,000 barrels a day. As we have publicly said, our original contract with Petrohawk, now BHP, was 25,000 barrels a day in the first year and then ramping up to 50,000 barrels a day beginning in the middle of this year, 2013. And that throughput alone was sufficient to make it a very viable project economically. Since then, we've added Phillips 66 as a customer. We publicly announced this. They have taken additional capacity of about 20,000 barrels a day on it. We're very close to adding another customer, in fact, our board approved today the expenditures for it, that will add another 25,000 barrels a day. And we have still another customer that we think is probably another 25,000 to 30,000 barrels a day. So that kind of gives you an idea of the ramp-up in volumes there. We see that as it's going to be an extraordinarily good investment for us because there's just a lot of people, a lot of producers that want to get to the Houston Ship Channel and that's what we provide them. And then sort of as a step out from that, of course, I think that helped us secure the contracts to build the condensate splitter on our Houston Ship Channel property, which is the $360 million project that I referred to earlier. So we've got a long way to go, a lot of upside on KMCC that we'll just see how it plays out in the future. 
Operator: We have no further questions in queue at this time. 
Richard Kinder: Okay. All right, Aerin, thank you very much. And thanks to all of you. And we're delighted to share our good news with you and have a great evening. Goodbye. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation on today's call. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-16 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the quarterly earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. 
 I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rich Kinder, Chairman and CEO of Kinder Morgan. Go ahead, sir. You may begin. 
Richard Kinder: All right. Thank you, Sharon, and welcome to the Kinder Morgan Investor Call. Today, we'll be discussing results for Kinder Morgan, Inc., which I'll refer to as KMI; for Kinder Morgan Energy Partners, which I'll refer to as KMP; and for El Paso Pipeline Partners, which I'll refer to as EPB. I'll give an overview, then Kim Dang, our Chief Financial Officer, will give you a detailed financial numbers discussion, and then we'll take any and all questions that you might have. As usual, we'll be making statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. 
 Let me start by reminding all of you that the focus of all the Kinder Morgan companies is on producing cash in increasing amounts and distributing that cash to our shareholders or unitholders. 
 2012 was another very successful year at Kinder Morgan. And reflecting that success, all 3 of the companies declared increased distributions or dividends for the fourth quarter, and all equaled or exceeded their annual budget target in  terms of distribution or dividends per unit or share for the full year 2012. 
 Let me start with KMI. There, we increased our dividend to $0.37 a share, that's up 19% from the dividend in Q4 of 2011. For the full year 2012, we declared $1.40 in dividends versus $1.35, which was our original budget target for 2012, and $1.20, which was the declared distribution for 2011. That's an increase of 17% year-over-year. And in 2012, we generated over $1.4 billion at KMI in cash available to pay dividends, and that's up 62% from 2011. 
 Now as you can see on the sheets attached to the earnings release, that resulted in $1.55 cash available for dividends per average share. But in an effort to be fully open about this, I think the better way to look at it is to use the record date shares because if you remember, we require -- we acquired El Paso during the middle of the third quarter. And if you do that, the actual cash available for dividends per share is $1.46 per share, that's a 20% increase over 2011, and results in $62 million of excess coverage above the actual dividends declared for 2012.
 The growth at KMI was driven by strong performance at both KMP and EPB, and by the former El Paso Pipeline assets, which still are at KMI before being dropped down to KMP or EPB. We achieved more than $400 million in annualized cost savings as a result of the El Paso merger. That's well above our initial target of $350 million per year.
 Looking ahead at KMI, as we previously stated, we expect to declare dividends of $1.57 per share in 2013, that's up 16% from the 2012 budget target and up 12% from the 2012 declared dividends per share of $1.40. 
 In 2013, we expect to sell our 50% interest in Gulf LNG to EPB and our 50% stakes in EPNG pipeline and midstream assets to KMP. 
 The future growth looks very good as we currently identified over $12 billion in expansion projects and JVs across the Kinder Morgan companies, which we believe we will construct. And we have many more projects to which we continue to pursue customer commitments and believe we will be able to expand in high order on these additional projects. In short, our enormous footprint of pipelines and terminals is providing us with a tremendous opportunity for sustained, profitable growth, which we expect to last for years to come. 
 So that's KMI. Let me turn to KMP. 
 At KMP, we increased the quarterly dividend to $1.29 per unit, that's $5.16 annualized, and we will distribute $4.98 for the full year 2012, that's consistent with our budget, and up 8% over the 2011 distribution of $4.61 per unit. Our DCF per unit at KMP was $5.07, that's up 8% also from the $4.68 in 2011. All 5 of our business segments at KMP recorded higher results than in the prior year, and segment earnings before DD&A and certain items increased by 20% in 2012 to almost $4.4 billion.
 Now turning to the segments. At our Products Pipeline segment, refined products volumes were down by about 1.5% for the full year 2012 compared to 2011, but NGL volumes were up about 22% and our ethanol and biofuels volumes were up by 11%. We're making good progress on all of the roughly $700 million in new projects that we have in this segment as we've detailed in the earnings release.
 Turning to our Natural Gas segment, there the growth is driven primarily by the drop downs of TGP and half of EPNG, which were made during 2012. We also benefited from good performance of the Texas Intrastates and from increasing volumes on our Eagle Ford assets. 
 As a result of all this, transportation volumes across our natural gas network was up by 11% for the full year. Some of this was driven by electric generation load and, for example at TGP, at the Tennessee Gas Pipeline, electric generation load was up by 12% for the year. 
 At the Natural Gas segment, we have a great footprint and we're finding lots of projects to invest our money in. We have $2.7 billion of projects currently underway, and that doesn't include a lot of projects that we have high hopes for in the near to intermediate future. For example, that doesn't include our potential conversion of part of the EPNG system to crude oil deliveries from the Permian Basin to California. That's a project we call the Freedom Pipeline. We're starting work on that. As we mentioned for the first time last quarter, we've had good interest from both producers and refiners. We're a long way from having a project buttoned down. But whatever the cost of that project, and it would be something in the $2 billion range, is not included in this $2.7 billion backlog that I referred to.
 We have -- we're making good progress on that $2.7 billion and think that we have a lot more announcements to come over the course of 2013.
 In our CO2 segment, the growth there was led by a very strong performance at SACROC. For the fourth quarter, SACROC produced 30,600 barrels per day, that's up 10% from the fourth quarter of 2011. And frankly, what's happening at SACROC is we're just discovering more and more opportunities to expand the field. And by doing that, we're pushing back the decline curve that people anticipated would be starting in a particular year, that year seems to be more and more distant. In short, I think as Tim Bradley often says, big fields get bigger. And I think that's what we're seeing in this very large SACROC Unit.
 In addition to SACROC, our NGL production at Kinder Morgan, most of which is in the SACROC area, also reached record levels. It was up 13% for the full year 2012 versus '11. Our Yates volumes were pretty much on target for the year. Katz volumes were up nicely from 2011, but still below plan. We're working very hard to get those volumes ramped up more quickly and in accord with our original projections.
 On the sales and transportation side, the demand for CO2 still remains very strong in the Permian Basin and surrounding areas. We are working on our Southwest Colorado expansion efforts that we've talked to you about in the past. Those efforts are underway. And actually, we expect an increase of more than 50 million cubic feet a day in CO2 production coming out of Southwest Colorado in 2013. And that will help to service some of this real demand for CO2 that we're seeing.
 In our Terminals group, the growth was driven by our liquids terminals, particularly in Houston and New York Harbor, and by higher demand for export coal. For the full year 2012, our export coal volumes were up by 38%. In this segment, we have $1.4 billion worth of projects that are underway. The great majority of them are on time and on budget. We think we have lots of opportunities for additional liquid storage and handling facilities, particularly in the Houston Ship Channel and in the Edmonton, Alberta area. And we just made another major announcement on the ship channel project just earlier this week, and we've reiterated in our earnings release. And we also think we have additional opportunities for export coal handling on the East Coast and along the Gulf Coast.
 In our Canadian segment, they had a strong year, they had good throughput on Trans Mountain, good throughput on Express, and benefited from favorable booked taxes. That's a positive for the segment. It washes out in the way we calculate our distributable cash flow, but it did improve the performance of the segment, as Kim will take you through. 
 The big project, of course, there is the Trans Mountain expansion, and we recently upsized that due to additional shippers signing up long-term contracts. And we've now announced that, that project would increase the capacity of Trans Mountain from 300,000 barrels a day to 890,000 barrels a day, with over 700,000 barrels per day of that committed under long-term contracts. Of those long-term contracts, 93% of the volumes are committed for 20 years and 7% for 15 years.
 Looking ahead at KMP, we expect to declare distributions of $5.28 per unit for 2013. That's up 6% from 2012, and we expect to invest about $2.9 billion in expansions and small acquisitions at KMP, and that excludes the drop-downs that we anticipate doing from KMI to KMP later this year.
 Turning to EPB, we increased the distribution per unit there to $0.61. That's 20% over the distribution for Q4 of 2011. We distributed -- we will distribute $2.25 per unit for the full year 2012, that's up 17% from 2011. Our distributable cash flow per unit for full year 2012 was $2.82 at EPB versus $2.45 in 2011. And that's an increase of 15%. 
 The growth at EPB was driven by solid results at our pipeline and storage assets, some expansions at SNG, the drop-down of assets from our GP and by cost savings associated with KMI's acquisition of El Paso in May of 2012. We're also benefiting from significant increased demand from natural-gas-fired power plants, particularly at SNG, where power generation demand was up 30% for the fourth quarter and 42% for the full year 2012.
 We continue to make progress on providing additional capacity to our customers on our Elba Express Pipeline and in planning for a liquefaction facility at our Elba Island, Georgia re-gas facility. Looking ahead, as we previously said, EPB expects to declare distributions of $2.55 per unit for 2013, an increase of 13% over 2012.
 Now let me talk briefly about some upcoming organizational changes, which were detailed in the earnings releases. In December, we wrapped up the KMI management-led buyout, which dated back to 2006. This resulted in the distribution of substantial KMI shares to about 80 members of the senior management at Kinder Morgan under the MBO incentive plan. All these shares came out of the stock owned by the MBO investors, and not one cent of cost was incurred by the public shareholders of KMI or, for that matter, KMP or EPB, to fund this incentive plan. In effect, this program was a long-term incentive plan for our senior management from the time the privatization was announced in May of 2006 until now, and it obviously served very effectively as a retention factor at Kinder Morgan. The great majority of those in the incentive program have decided to stay with Kinder Morgan, but a few have elected to retire or take other positions within the company. And I thought I would give you a quick summary of those changes.
 I will continue as Chairman and CEO of the Kinder Morgan companies. Park Shaper has elected -- our President has elected to retire as President of Kinder Morgan but will remain on the board of KMI. Park's contribution to the success of Kinder Morgan just cannot be overstated. He's been with us for 13 years and we'll miss him terribly. He's done a great job, and we're just delighted he's going to stay connected to the company as a member of the board at KMI. Steve Kean, who's currently Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, will become President and Chief Operating Officer for Kinder Morgan effective March 31. Steve's been with us for 11 years, the last 6 as COO. 
 Now the other changes that are coming in the next few weeks and months. Jeff Armstrong, who's currently President of our Terminals segment, will move over to become Vice President of Corporate Strategy for Kinder Morgan. As we say in the release, we're just seeing an unprecedented number of opportunities in North American energy that cut across business unit lines. We think Jeff is really ideally suited to help us identify ways to coordinate our efforts and look for opportunities to extend the Kinder Morgan model to new related lines of business, and that's what he'll be doing on a going-forward basis. He'll be succeeded as President of the Terminals business by John Schlosser. John's currently Vice President of Business Development for the Terminals organization, and has been with us in a predecessor company since 1999. 
 Tom Bannigan, who's President of the Products Pipelines, will be retiring. He'll be succeeded by Ron McClain, who's currently Vice President of Operations and Engineering for the Products Pipeline group. Ron's been with us, our predecessor companies, for over 30 years and is long-experienced in the Products Pipeline field. 
 Tim Bradley, our CO2 segment President, is retiring. He will be succeeded by Jim Wuerth, who's currently Vice President of Finance and Accounting for that segment. Jim has been with us in a predecessor company for over 30 years and brings an awful lot of experience to the table. 
 Joe Listengart, our General Counsel, will not be retiring. He will be stepping down from his current position as General Counsel. He'll be succeeded by Dave DeVeau, who's currently Vice President and Deputy General Counsel. Joe will continue working for the company assisting as needed on significant transactions and other matters. 
 David Kinder, the VP of Corporate Development and Treasurer will be retiring. He'll be succeeded by Dax Sanders as the VP of Corporate Development. Dax has been with us for 12 years, with exception of a 2-year period while he earned his MBA at Harvard Business School. So he is very familiar with the Kinder Morgan acquisition opportunities, has been an active participant in accomplishing our prior successes. 
 Kim Dang will stay as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and she will pick up responsibility for the Treasurer and Investor Relations departments from David. And she will have 2 new key people working with her, David Michels, who's currently Vice President of Finance for Kinder Morgan, will become Vice President of Investor Relations and also Chief Financial Officer of El Paso Pipeline Partners. He'll report to Kim. Also reporting to Kim will be Anthony Ashley. Anthony is currently Director of Finance for Kinder Morgan, and he will become Vice President and Treasurer for us.
 In addition to myself, Steve, Kim and Jeff, the other members of the senior management team are staying with Kinder Morgan, specifically Tom Martin who's the President of our Natural Gas Pipeline group, and that group now makes up about 54% of the cash flow at the Kinder Morgan companies. And his whole entire senior commercial management team is also staying. Ian Anderson, President of Kinder Morgan Canada, will stay, as will Jim Street, our Vice President of Human Resources and Administration. 
 So I'm tremendously grateful for the contributions that Park, Tom, Tim, Joe and David have made. I appreciate their commitment to ensure our smooth transition. We expect to have the transition essentially completed by March 31, although all of them have committed that they'd be willing to stay on into the second quarter to make sure that the transition is smooth. 
 I remain very optimistic about the future of Kinder Morgan, especially considering the size of our footprint and the tremendous amount of growth projects we've identified. And believe me, I believe this team will continue to deliver for our unitholders and shareholders. 
 And with that, before I turn it over to Kim, I'd just like to let Park Shaper say a few words, and then Kim will then go into the financial details. Park? 
C. Shaper: All right. Well, thanks, Rich. I'll say a little bit about the background on my decision here, and it was a very, very difficult decision. 
 I have enjoyed the opportunity to work with bright, dedicated, committed, direct, straightforward people on a set of assets that is truly advantaged and well-positioned in many ways and on a set of diverse transactions that have been fascinating and extraordinary. And I have been able to ride alongside as these people have achieved success after success. And I owe Rich and Steve and every Kinder Morgan employee a debt that I can never repay. 
 But it has been 13 years, every day for 13 years, Rich and Steve and Kim and many others have had to put up with me. It's time to show them some mercy. But beyond just compassion for them, this effort has taken an inordinate amount of my time and effort and focus. My kids are 16, 14 and 11. They have never known me other than to be preoccupied with Kinder Morgan. And so the time is right for me to redirect that time and energy and focus on my wife and children, whether they like it or not.
 But that being said, it's not that easy to get rid of me. I'm here now, happy to answer any questions that you all may have. I will be here in 2 weeks for the investor conference. I will be here on a normal basis through at least the end of March, and I'm very excited to continue on the KMI Board of Directors. 
 But I think the most relevant thing I can tell you is I am convinced that we have the greatest set of midstream energy assets ever assembled in North America at a time when the opportunities for growth in the midstream business are abundant, and we're operating those assets with the greatest management team and employee base that has ever been assembled. And all of that makes it very easy for me to say and to truly believe that for Kinder Morgan, the best is yet to come. 
 And with that, I'll give it to Kim. 
Richard Kinder: Okay, Kim. 
Kimberly Dang: Okay. So now to go through the numbers for the fourth quarter, I'm going to start with KMP then I'll move to EPB and do KMI last.
 On KMP, the first page of numbers in the press release is the GAAP income statement. As we say most quarters, there's -- we don't think this provides a very relevant picture of the way that our business operates. And so I'll direct you to the second page where we calculate distributable cash flow, which is the measure upon which we base our success and the -- and our distributions. 
 So as Rich said, we are declaring a distribution of $1.29 for the quarter. We just -- we are generating $1.35 of distributable cash flow, so we have coverage of just over $20 million. The distributable cash flow per unit is up 8 -- or is up 6% in the quarter. For the full year, we're generating $5.07, that's up 8% based on the declared distribution of $4.98. We have just a little under $30 million of coverage for the year. That is below our budget of $71 million for coverage, which I will go through, but is primarily driven by the performance of our CO2 business and, specifically, lower NGL prices, as well as our products business unit missed its budget.
 But a couple of lines above that, you'll see the total distributable cash flow, $495 million in the quarter, that's up $70 million from the fourth quarter a year ago. For the full year, $1.78 billion -- or $1,778,000,000, that's up $253 million or 17%, and it's right on our budget. 
 So looking up at the top of the segments to see what drove the growth for $70 million in the quarter and $253 million for the full year, you can see segment earnings before DD&A up $289 million in the quarter, up $745 million for the year. Over 80% of the $289 million for the quarter was driven by Natural Gas Pipelines and CO2. And for the full year, almost 90% of the growth came from Natural Gas Pipelines and CO2.
 Looking at the specific segments, Products Pipelines was up $15 million in the quarter, and that is primarily a function of, as Rich mentioned, NGL volumes on Cochin. It's also a function of nice volumes on our Southeast Terminals and on the ramp-up that the commissioning and startup of the Kinder Morgan crude and condensate line. 
 For the full year, Products Pipelines is up $9 million. It is about 4% below its budget for the year, and that's primarily a function of Transmix where we had a contract expire in the first quarter, and then also volumes were slower to ramp up on the crude and condensate pipeline than we had originally budgeted. That -- those volumes really started moving in the fourth quarter. We expect it will start moving in the summer.
 Natural Gas Pipelines up $184 million in the quarter, up $423 million for the year. Natural Gas Pipelines was significantly above its budget, primarily as a result of the drop-downs. Now that -- the growth from the drop-downs was offset somewhat by the lost income from the FTC asset sales also because of lower volumes on KinderHawk as a result of less drilling in the dry gas areas and also worse performance than we expected out of our Texas Intrastate, again, primarily as a result in the Eagle Ford -- or volumes in the Eagle Ford were slower to come on than what we originally anticipated in our budget.
 CO2, up $56 million in the quarter, up $232 million for the year, below its budget, a little over $50 million or about 4%. And all of that and more was driven by NGL prices. Oil volumes were actually on a net basis, about 400 barrels per day above our budget, and NGL volumes on a net basis were actually about 700 barrels a day above our budget.
 Terminals up $14 million in the quarter, up $51 million year-to-date. They were slightly below their budget, within 1% of their budget. And that's primarily due to lost business due to the hurricanes, low water levels on the rivers which inhibited some of volume movements, and some lower steel and salt volumes. 
 Now as we say in the press release, on the lost business due to the hurricanes, this was obviously a relatively small number given that most of our charges on the liquids terminals comes from monthly warehousing charges, and we were back up in operation very quickly there.
 On Kinder Morgan Canada, up $20 million in the quarter, up $30 million year-to-date, and versus our budget, up $28 million. Now as Rich said in his comments here, we got a big benefit from booked taxes in the segment that's showing up here. That benefit was about $13 million in the quarter and $16 million year-to-date. Also, as he said, when we calculate distributable cash flow, we add back booked taxes and subtract out cash taxes. And so these booked taxes do not have an impact on our calculation in distributable cash flow. If you look at Kinder Morgan Canada's results net of the booked taxes, it's up primarily as a result of strong results at Express Pipeline. 
 Now dropping down about 12 lines to general and administrative expense, a higher G&A expense of $22 million in the quarter, $45 million for the year and higher than our budget by about $21 million. Versus our budget, all of this and more was a function of the drop-downs from KMI. Absent the drop-downs from KMI, we actually would have run a positive variance on G&A.
 Similar story on interest. Interest -- increased interest of $42 million in the quarter, $101 million year-to-date and $43 million higher than our budget. Again, absent the acquisitions, primarily the drop-downs, interest would have been a positive variance versus our budget.
 Now dropping down about 25 lines to sustaining CapEx, which is just above distributable cash flow before certain items. Sustaining CapEx was increased, an increase of $39 million in the quarter, an increase of $73 million for the year and over our budget by about $37 million. Again, similar story here to interest and G&A. Absent the drop-downs, net of the FTC sales, this would have been a positive variance versus our budget, primarily is a result of lower sustaining capital spend on some of the FTC assets during the period that we own it, and also as a result, CO2 pushed some of theirs into 2013.
 Looking at the certain items for the quarter, there are 2 significant ones that I'll point out: $51 million of expense related to casualty losses, primarily Hurricane Sandy. As we say in the press release, these losses will largely be covered by insurance. And then an $18 million benefit on a release of tax reserves. These are a release of tax reserves on TGP that are related to periods prior to KMP's ownership. So we pulled those out. 
 So that is -- that's KMP's distributable cash flow. Turning to the balance sheet, we ended the year debt-to-EBITDA, which is the last line of numbers on the balance sheet, at 3.7x. That's slightly up from year-end 2011 at 3.6x, but it's lower than where we were at the end of the third quarter. At the end of the third quarter, and we told you this at the time, we adjusted for the FTC sale that was imminent at that point in time, we were at about 4x, and we brought that down to about 3.7x as a result primarily of issuance of equity, but also growth in the EBITDA.
 The 3.7x is also a little bit better than what I told you on the third quarter call. We -- I projected to end the year at about 3.8x at that point in time, but we ended up spending a little bit less on expansion capital during the year than we thought. And we also issued some additional equity versus our forecast at that time.
 To quickly reconcile debt for you, debt for the year is up $2.9 billion. For the quarter, it is down $2 billion. For the quarter, we spent just under $500 million between acquisitions, expansion CapEx and contributions to equity investments. The most significant item in the quarter, obviously, was the sale of the FTC assets. On a net basis, we received about $1.75 billion from that sale. We raised equity of about $670 million, and that includes the KMP offering, the KMP aftermarkets and then the KMR distributions. We sold 42.5% interest in BOSTCO to TransMontaigne. They have the right to repurchase that interest. That resulted in proceeds of $79 million. And then there were working capital and other items of about $17 million.
 For the year, $2.9 billion increase in debt. We spent about $7.78 billion between acquisitions, expansion capital and contributions to equity investments. The largest piece of that was about $5.66 billion on the drop downs. Also on the acquisition side, we bought midstream -- half of midstream in June for $300 million from KKR. We spent about $1.5 billion on expansion CapEx and about $200 million on contributions to equity investments.
 The sale of FTC assets generated $1.75 billion net. We raised $2.86 billion in equity between the KMP offering, the KMR offering, the ATM and the KMR distributions. That number also includes the contribution from the GP to maintain its interest. 
 The sale of BOSTCO was $79 million inflow. We unwound swaps earlier in the year that was little over $50 million. We paid out rate case reparations of a little over $50 million. And then working capital and other items were a benefit or inflow of approximately $149 million. A lot of that associated with stock premiums that we received on our Canadian assets.
  That's KMP. Next, I'll move to EPB's income statement. And similar to KMP, I will move to the second page to our calculation of distributable cash flow. The bottom -- or the second to the last line of numbers, distributable cash flow per unit, $0.75 for the quarter, that's a 36% increase from the fourth quarter of 2011; $2.82 for the year, which is a 15% increase from 2011. The $0.75 resulted in about -- a little over $30 million of coverage for the quarter, and the $2.82 resulted in over $100 million, precisely $119 million of coverage for the year. Distributable cash flow in total, $163 million in the quarter, up $49 million. For the year, $590 million, up $107 million.
 Now let's look up at the segments, the first line of numbers on the page, see where that growth came from. You can see earnings before DD&A up $40 million in the quarter. Now I'm sure that's not all of the earnings that the assets generate because El Paso acquired -- El Paso Partners acquired a partial interest in an asset, CIG, in the second quarter. So it had already consolidated that interest because it owned over -- that asset because it owned over 50% of it. So the -- but the minority interest, there's a minority interest expense to allocate the earnings for the 14% to El Paso, which occurs later down the line in the income statement. 
 So if you look at the reduction in minority interest expense because EPB acquired that 14%, that's a $5 million increase, so $45 million of growth generated from the assets. That's offset, you see a couple of lines down, by increased interest of $6 million. G&A is actually a benefit, quarter-to-quarter, of $18 million as we're getting a -- the cost savings that we've implemented at the time of the merger. The GP interest is up $26 million. And then sustaining CapEx, we've actually got a savings year-to-year of about $18 million. That gets you to the $49 million in growth.
 For the full year, again, looking up at the earnings before DD&A from the segment, up $90 million. Again, that doesn't tell the full story because of the acquisition of partial interest. So you add back the reduction in distributions to the minority interest, $39 million increase. And so $129 million of growth coming from the assets. As Rich said earlier, a large part of that is driven by the acquisition of Cheyenne Plains, of CIG, also some by the acquisition of an interest in SNG. That's about 69% of the growth is generated from the acquisition, and then a large part of the balance comes from expansions, power demand and lower OpEx on Southern Natural.
 G&A is a benefit. For the full year, again, the cost savings that were implemented, the interest is increased by about $33 million. GP interest is up $70 million, and then sustaining CapEx is a benefit of $57 million, again as a result of the cost savings. And I should say the GP interest is up as a result of higher units and higher distributions per unit. So that gets you to the $107 million in growth in distributable cash flow year-to-year.
 Looking at EPB's balance sheet, debt-to-EBITDA at year end was 3.9x. That compares to 4x, and I'm looking -- to look at debt-to-EBITDA at the end of 2011, I'm really basing it on the numbers in the footnote, which were the actual -- based on the actual debt balance at 12/31 of '11. The numbers that you see on the -- up on the -- inside the balance sheet themselves have been adjusted to recast for Cheyenne Plains. So it includes the debt of Cheyenne Plains in periods which we did not own it. 
 So based on the actual debt outstanding at 12/31 of '11, $3.832 billion, we were at 4x. And so a little bit of improvement versus the end of the year. Versus September, we were at 4.2x, so a little bit of improvement versus last quarter as well. 
 The change in debt for the quarter, $44 million reduction. For the full year, there's a $400 million increase. In the quarter, we spent $17 million on CapEx. We had excess coverage of $32 million. We sold the SNG offshore assets, and that generated about $50 million. And then we had working capital items and other items of about $22 million, which is primarily timing on accrued interest and accrued taxes. 
 For the full year, debt was up $400 million, expansion CapEx was $71 million, the acquisition, the drop-down, including assumed debt, was a little over $800 million. We issued over $340 million of equity. We had excess coverage of $119 million. There was a cash outflow of $45 million at the time we terminated the AR program, the SNG offshore sale was $50 million, and then we had $15 million of working capital and other items.
 Now turning to KMI, which went through the declared dividend and the cash available per share. So I'm going to look at the total consolidated cash available to pay dividends, which is the fourth line from the bottom of the numbers. $439 million, that is up $196 million in the quarter. For the full year, $1.411 billion, that's up $545 million or 63% from a year ago. 
 If you look at the growth for the quarter, the $196 million, as Rich said, it was primarily driven by our interest in KMP and our interest in EPB. The interest in KMP -- the distributions coming from KMP increased by $96 million in the quarter, and that's a result of the increase in the LP distribution of 11%. Also, KMI took back some units in the drop downs and so they have more KMP units. And then also there's more units outstanding, which impacts the GP interest.
 The cash flow or the distributions from EPB is up $100 million. So if you look at the KMP distributions and the EPB distributions together, the $197 million -- and as I said 1 minute ago, we had $196 million of increase in the quarter. And so the other items, the cash available from NGPL, the increase in G&A expense, the increase in interest expense, are largely offset by the incremental earnings coming from the EP operations, to give us a net benefit for the quarter of $196 million.
 Similar story in the full year, the distributions from KMP, up $267 million. The distributions coming from EPB up $275 million. So $542 million of incremental cash flow coming from the investments in the 2 MLPs, versus $545 million of growth. And so, again, the EBITDA coming from the El Paso assets that we continue to own, really offset the increase that you see in interest expense, G&A expense and sustaining CapEx.
 That is it on KMI's cash available to pay dividends. Looking at the balance sheet quickly, KMI ended the year with $11.4 billion of debt, that's up $8.2 billion from year-end 2011. Obviously, as a result of the El Paso acquisition. For the quarter, it's up $216 million. And so let me just reconcile the quarter for you quickly. We had transaction-related expenses net of tax benefits of about $75 million. We purchased stock or warrants of about $80 million. The warrant repurchase was about $19 million, and then there were some sponsor shares that the company repurchased associated with the management incentive program.
 We made contributions to equity investments of about $21 million. And then when you look at the performance metric versus the actual cash we received, there's some timing of, versus -- declared distributions, versus when we actually received those distributions. But the main difference is KMR. We include the benefit of the distributions or the additional shares as cash. In truth, we have not decided to -- we have decided at this point not to sell those. And so that's a $20 million difference between the performance metric and the actual cash. And then there's about $19 million in other items. So that's it. 
Richard Kinder: Okay. And with that, Sharon, if you'll come back on, we'll be willing to take any questions that you all may have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Brian Zarahn's line, at Barclays. 
Brian Zarahn: Sorry to hear about some of the management changes, but I look forward to seeing everyone in Houston. On the drop downs, can you talk a little bit about the thought process? Obviously, there was a lot more activity in 2012 and you were replacing some of the Rockies assets you were divesting. But can you talk a little bit about the thought process and do you still expect the drops to be finished next year? 
Richard Kinder: Yes, as you recall, our original target was -- we said when we did the deal, the El Paso acquisition, that we would finish this sometime in '15. We now believe we will wrap it up in '14 and probably, I would say in the first half of '14. But -- so we are ahead of schedule. Clearly, as we look at the drop downs, we got to couple that with the amount of capital expenditures that we have lined up at KMP and EPB without the drop downs, absent the drop downs, and look at what -- how much we think we can put out into the market without disrupting the pricing or anything. And that's how we came to the decision. So we will do these drop downs in 2013. That will still leave Ruby, half of Florida Gas will be the 2 main assets still remaining. And we will intend to do those in 2014. So we're actually ahead of our game plan that we announced at the time we did the El Paso merger. 
Brian Zarahn: In terms of the multiple, would it be reasonable to assume similar multiple for the transactions in 2012? 
Richard Kinder: I think that's a reasonable assumption, yes. Obviously, it has to be approved by both the independent directors of both boards, who are just starting on the process. As we said, we expect to do the drop down into KMP in March and we expect the drop-down and EPB will do --  will be done more in the August, early September timeframe. 
Brian Zarahn: Okay. And then on the EPNG potential conversion to take crude to the West Coast, do you have any additional color on the project in terms of timing of when you think you may have a decision? 
Richard Kinder: Well, we, as I said in my remarks, we're out working with both shippers in the Permian and refiners on the West Coast to ascertain their level of interest. And I think we will know more by the end of this quarter, certainly by the time we have the call, or the next quarter in April, I think we'll be able to give you an update on it. So far, the response has been positive, but until you get the horse on the ground and put the saddle on, you don't get on the horse. So we'll just see how it goes. But again, if you just look at the basic economics, if you look today -- out in West Texas at the spread, the Midland/Cushing spread, is over $12. So you've got a big disconnect. You've got a lot of new production coming online out there and even once additional capacity from Cushing down to the Gulf Coast is built, I still think you're going to have some depressed prices. And on the other hand, of course, the Southern California market, very expensive to buy crude out there. So it's kind of a marriage made in heaven. But again, like all our other projects, we won't build unless we have firm commitments turned [ph]   up to ensure that is an adequate return for us. 
Brian Zarahn: Last question for me is in terms of tax rates at KMI, it was sort of lower than initially expected in 2012. What are your thoughts on tax rates going forward at KMI? 
Richard Kinder: Kim? 
Kimberly Dang: Yes, I mean, our effective tax rate is probably 36.5%. You do see a benefit in the 2012 numbers for about a $200 million use of the NOL. And so we're going to go into that more at the Analyst Conference in terms of outlining how much of the NOL that we would use against the performance metric. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Gabe Moreen of Bank of America. 
Gabriel Moreen: Congrats to those retiring, and based on Kim's new responsibilities, I hope she's got a stash of 5-hour energy or something under her desk, because I don't know how she's going to do it all. But anyhow, I just had a quick question and Rich, you just mentioned the Midland to Cushing differentials. In terms of the CO2 segment, I apologize if this has been addressed in a previous Analyst Day or on a previous call, your realizations at the CO2 segment looked all right. But did those differentials hurt you at all in terms of realizations? And can you maybe remind us in terms of capacity coming out of the basin if you're doing okay there, particularly given that SACROC productions has been exceeding expectations? 
Richard Kinder: Yes, we're doing okay on getting it out. It's just that when you get it to Midland, the price is not as good as we would like and this has been a phenomenon really that started in December and has plugged over into January. Now if you look at the markets out a little further, it looks like a lot of that goes away in March after Seaway comes online and some other projects. Another part of the problem has been some of the refineries out there have experienced significant downtime, and that's also cut into the issue. But that's where we are. But we are able to get all of our production out and it's just a question of the pricing on it. 
Gabriel Moreen: Okay. And I guess, just as a follow-up to that, have you guys committed to any of the new projects coming online coming out of the basin, or is it just not material enough for you guys? 
Richard Kinder: Tim? 
R. Bradley: We have not entered into any long term transportation agreements. We are in negotiations with the purchaser that is associated with one of those pipeline projects. And that is -- we expect to get that relationship firmed up during the first quarter. But today, and throughout '12, we've had no problem dispatching our production. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brad Olsen of Tudor Pickering. 
Bradley Olsen: You guys -- I realize that a lot of other midstream companies have kind of followed in Kinder Morgan's path as far as getting more involved on the rail side of things and your Watco investment was one of the first kind of major midstream moves into the rail industry. Have you guys considered any further -- I guess, any further integration into Watco beyond the preferred investment that you already have? 
Richard Kinder: Well, our integration beyond the preferred investment is on individual projects, and we've just got an additional project now that involves a facility that would be able to handle both crude and condensate in and out of the Houston Ship Channel, a joint venture with Watco. So those are the kind of things we're concentrating on. There's a lot of people -- a lot of companies playing in the crude oil and condensate transportation by rail. We're just one of several. But we're very bullish on this and think we will be able to pick off a number of individual projects on a going forward basis through our partnership with Watco. They are good partners and we work well together with them. And they bring the rail expertise, we bring the terminal laying storage and handling expertise. 
Bradley Olsen: Okay. Great. And when you think about the process for abandoning a pipeline in anticipation of conversion to a different form of service, it was something that you pursued while developing the Pony Express project before the KMI pipeline was sold. And now you're looking at it again on the Freedom Pipeline. Generally speaking, do you feel that there is a regulatory environment that's receptive for potential conversions or abandonment filings or has it gotten more difficult over the last couple of years? 
Richard Kinder: Well, first of all, of course, Pony Express, and we no longer own that, and I'm not up-to-date on all of the latest developments. But at least to my knowledge, is going very well and looks like it's going to be built. And the key thing there, and that's what we will find on Freedom Pipeline, is making sure that the level of service you're currently providing to your gas shippers is maintained. And that's certainly what we're going to be able to do. And part of the cost on Freedom Pipeline, a significant part of it, will be to make certain that we are able to provide the same level of service to the customers that we're now providing. But that said, we have underutilized capacity on that line, and we can't ever predict regulatory response, but we certainly will make the case and we think it makes a lot of sense that this is the cheapest and the best way to get Permian oil production to California, to saving untold millions of billions of dollars by using this line as opposed to a new build. And we think it makes a lot of sense and we will make certain that we will be able to demonstrate to the regulators and to our customers that they are not being disadvantaged by the fact that we're doing that conversion. 
Bradley Olsen: Great. And one last question. When you -- for the 2013 guidance you provided at KMP, for $5.28 distribution, is that excluding the impacts of any unannounced drop downs? 
Richard Kinder: Yes, it includes the drop downs that we talked about. The other half of the EPNG and the other half of midstream. If we were to make drop downs on top of that, our acquisitions in addition to that, that would be additive or accretive to the $5.28. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Jacob of Raymond James. 
Paul Jacob: Supposing that we do end up seeing a light sweet glut of crude on the Gulf Coast this year or next, as a lot of people think, how do you think you might lever your rail footprint in the Permian to take advantage of those crude differentials? And I'm just saying upfront is that I do recognize the joint venture that you guys have there in the manifest capacity. I'm just trying to get a sense for the timing and perhaps scale of what you might be able to do if oil [ph] differentials de-migrate south. 
Richard Kinder: Well, we certainly will take advantage of it as much as we can. We're somewhat constrained with our present assets. But as we enter this new joint venture with Watco, we'll have more capacity. And the bigger the differential, the more value we offer to our customers. And again, I think this emphasizes the fact that I believe even after you get more connections done between Cushing and the Gulf Coast, I still believe there will be a very great interest in moving crude to California. So I think that's the biggest single opportunity. Crude by rail is important in that you've heard us talk before, that I believe that is going to be part of producers' long-term portfolio because they're going to want some optionality. Now as I think it will be a relatively small part because moving crude by rail is more expensive than moving it by pipeline, certainly, and as pipeline capacity gets built, that will take up the lion's share. But I think you'll see a lot of savvy producers who'll want to save back, who knows, 10%, 15%, 20% of their production in a given field to use rail transportation. So if there's a big difference between Houston and St. James, I can get it to St. James. But I think the biggest opportunity of all, beyond the crude by rail, is the building of the new pipeline capacity. And that's why, again, as I said, we have a lot of work yet to do. That's why something like the Freedom Pipeline, just to me, has all kinds of sex appeal. It's just a marriage made in heaven, I think. 
Paul Jacob: Okay. And then are there any specific regulatory barriers that you could perhaps outline regarding either moving crude into California via, perhaps, the Freedom Pipeline, if that does end up going forward, or perhaps any terminal opportunities that you might see if you decide to extend your footprint there? 
Richard Kinder: Well, answering the latter question first, clearly, there will be terminal opportunities, I think, as part of this. And we are already looking at that. There will be staging terminals at various points. And that's part of the cost of the project. I think overall, we think all the barriers are certainly achievable. We've got a team that cuts across various lines. We've got a natural gas group, Western operations out of Colorado Springs. In fact, Mark Kissel, who really masterminded the Pony Express, is now doing the -- this conversion, or potential conversion. But we also have significant input from people in our product segment to -- who are more used to dealing with this kind of product. So -- I think we're in good shape, and we don't see any barriers that would prevent us from taking crude into California, assuming that we can get the approval to convert the usage of the pipeline. 
Paul Jacob: Okay. And last one for me, just kind of a housekeeping item is, what are you guys budgeting for your NGL price stack for 2013? 
Richard Kinder: We budgeted -- Tim? 
R. Bradley: Last year, we averaged about 54% of West Texas Intermediate crude prices and this year, we're budgeting about that same order of magnitude. I believe it's 52%, and our budget number for West Texas Intermediate is just under $92. So doing the arithmetic on that, that would be mid-40s. 
Richard Kinder: And just keep in mind that, that percentage of WTI is specific to our mix of NGLs. We'll touch on the sensitivity to that in the Analyst Meeting here in a couple of weeks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ted Durbin of Goldman Sachs. 
Theodore Durbin: I wanted to ask a question about the Express-Platte sale. I guess I'm wondering why not buy out the other 2 owners on effectively the same terms? I guess what I'm asking is, are you expressing the view on the asset itself? Are you -- how are you seeing the oil pipeline opportunities more broadly? Maybe you can just talk about the thinking behind that sale? 
Richard Kinder: Yes. As usual, it's economics driving it. And as we've said previously, you have to remember that our ownership interest is in a different form than our 2 partners. So that we were collecting -- our interest was collecting essentially interest on the debentures. And so we get about $13 million to $15 million a year out of that project. So even if volumes ramp up and the volumes have been good on Express lately, even if they ramp-up, we don't get very much of that because we have a priority distribution, but we don't get as much of the upside as our 2 partners do. So to our interest, we are selling, for $380 million, an asset that is returning $13 million, $15 million to us. So it's sort of a no-brainer. And that doesn't mean that Spectra is not making a good deal or that the other 2 partners aren't doing well. It's just that the deal that we have dating back many years, or several years, is a different deal. And so for us, when we can realize that kind of money and even on an after-tax basis, something a little less than $300 million, we, it's just a no-brainer for us to go ahead and sell rather than buy out the other 2. 
Theodore Durbin: Okay, that's great. Again, stepping back, just thinking about some of the -- sort of strategically, you mentioned looking at different assets, I'm just wondering your views on -- what's called some of the alternative assets that are starting to come in at the MLP structure. We've got some chemical assets now. We've got refining. I mean, just talk a little bit bigger picture there, are there other things that you're looking at, as you're looking across different types of assets that come could come in? 
Richard Kinder: Well, anything we look at will have a great emphasis on predictability of cash flow. So we are not interested -- we have a model that we think works very well and has for over 15 years. And we're not really interested in stepping too far out from that model. But we do think there are things -- and like I said, an example of this, cutting across business lines is something like the Freedom Pipeline, where we can make use of several different assets. We did this with KMCC, the Kinder Morgan Crude and Condensate line, when we used some of our Texas Intrastate duplicative assets to build -- to be the mainstay of building that pipeline, saved a lot of cost and were able to give our customers a better rate because of that. And I think we're just going to continue to examine things like that. And I think we will find some moderate step outs. And I think we will find more opportunities. But we don't have current plans to launch off in a big -- different direction, particularly one that would involve volatility. But there are so many opportunities in this midstream sector. We haven't even talked about, as all of you know, of course, FP&L, Florida Power & Light, has put out an RFP for a major new pipeline into Florida. We will certainly be bidding on that. It's very close to our SNG system, where they want the pipeline to run, and of course we don't have the Florida gas. So there are just a lot of opportunities and I know I've said this, you're tired of hearing it, but the advantage of this -- the advantages of this massive footprint that we've now assembled, across the whole midstream spectrum, but particularly in the natural gas field is just irreplaceable. As Park said, and I really believe that, I don't believe there's been this set of assets, set of assets this good, ever assembled in North America. And if we can't make good use of that for many years to come then we ought to be lined up and shot. And I think we will be able to make good use of it. And we're just seeing more and more opportunities every day. Now we're not naive. It's more difficult to permit things now than it was a few years ago. You have a lot of environmentalists, NGOs, attacking infrastructure development and we're not naive about this, but we think there are tremendous opportunities. A lot of opportunities to move natural gas into Mexico. We've just touched the tip of that with our Sasabe or Sierrita pipeline that we've announced. It's about a $220 million project out in Arizona. But both off of our Texas Intrastate and off of EPNG, we're going to have a lot of opportunities to drop significant quantities of additional gas into Mexico, where the need for gas utilization, particularly for electric generation, but also for industrial use, is ramping up rapidly. And I think we will see us eventually expanding our Monterrey system, eventually expanding parts of our Texas Intrastate system to drop more gas at the border in Texas and then I think we'll see more opportunities off of EPNG to serve areas in Mexico that are further west between Texas and California dropping off of EPNG. We could go on and on. But there are just tremendous opportunities that we're finding, and $12 billion seems like a lot. But I think we will find a lot more opportunities on top of that and they'll be developed over the period of the next several years. 
Theodore Durbin: And then last one, just quick one, is on the synergy. It sounds like the $400 million that you're expecting, that's all fully recorded in this quarter. There's not really any more synergies we ought to be modeling for 2013? 
Richard Kinder: Steve? 
Steven Kean: Well, the synergies that we have, I mean, we've given you the guidance, it's over $400 million. What we've done is now we've been through our 2013 budget process. So what we've done is built up a bottoms-up budget. And it incorporates all those synergies that we've identified. And we're pretty confident that number has come out again above the $400 million. But that's -- so that's all in 2013. 
R. Bradley: Yes, it's a rolling 12-month though, is what that year 1 represented. As Steve said, it's incorporated into the '13 budget, but the over $400 million represents the year 1 savings. 
Richard Kinder: And we do think we'll get something further than that in the out years. That number will improve in year 2 and year 3 post the merger and that will be reflected in the '14 and '15 budgets. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Edwards of Crédit Suisse. 
John Edwards: And Rich, just, can -- maybe you said this already, but if you did, I missed it. Do you have an idea now on the El Paso potential conversion? What kind of volumes might be going on that? 
Richard Kinder: You're talking about our Freedom Pipeline? 
John Edwards: Yes, on Freedom. 
Tom Martin: We've run various cases. I mean it can be as little as 250,000 barrels a day up to potentially 400,000 barrels per day depending on the customer interest and demand. And that can ramp-up over a period of time. 
Richard Kinder: We can move a lot of barrels. 
John Edwards: Okay. And then is there a -- and so that's within the realm that would make the project economic? 
Tom Martin: 250 is... 
Richard Kinder: Yes, 250 would make the project economic. 
John Edwards: 250, okay. Great. And then,  just -- could you give us an update on permitting on Trans Mountain? 
Richard Kinder: Sure. Here's where we are. As I said in my remarks, we reopened the open season in response to requests by a number of shippers who didn't sign it the first time and went to the NEB and asked to be permitted to take another crack at it. And that increased our committed barrels now to over 700,000. We are still in the phase right now of getting the NEB to approve the tariff mechanism that underpins all of these contracts that we signed up. So we have over 700,000 barrels a day signed up, almost all of it for 20 years, 7% of it for 15 years. We expect that the NEB will embrace that or say, "Look you, this has been entered into between viable parties on both sides." We've had 13 shippers, among them, some of the largest enterprises in Canada. And once that's blessed, which we would hope and expect will occur sometime probably in the third quarter, sometime later this year, the hearing is actually set in February, I believe, or early March. But we would expect to go through this phase and then by the end of this year, our intent would be to file our actual application for the environmental permitting and the route, the details on the route and all the other things that we need to get approved to get a permit to build. We expect to file that. And again, we don't know how long that will take. And we know there will be significant opposition. But we expect, in the end, to get it approved. And we expect to put it in service probably in the late 2016, early 2017 timeframe. But all those things are, to some extent, beyond our control obviously. And we'll just have to see how things develop. But we are moving ahead and so far, we're encouraged by what we're seeing. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] 
 [Audio Gap] 
Richard Kinder: Okay. Well, thank you, Sharon, and thank you very much, everybody. And we look forward to seeing you at the Analyst Meeting in a couple of weeks and we will be happy to answer any and all questions there in even more detail than we have today. So thank you and have a good evening. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-17 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the quarterly earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Rich Kinder, Chairman and CEO of Kinder Morgan. You may begin. 
Richard Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Craig. And welcome to the Kinder Morgan third quarter analyst call. As usual, we'll be making statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
 We'll be talking about Kinder Morgan, Inc., which I'll refer to as KMI; Kinder Morgan Energy Partners, which I'll refer to as KMP; and El Paso Pipeline Partners, which I'll refer to as EPB. Together, these 3 companies make up the Kinder Morgan family of companies. We own and operate pipelines and terminals. We are the largest midstream energy company in North America and the third largest energy company of any kind in North America with an enterprise -- combined enterprise value of about $100 billion.
 I'll give an overview of the quarter, and then I'll turn it over to Kim Dang, our Chief Financial Officer, who will go through the detailed financials; and then, we'll throw it open for questions, and we've got our senior management team here, ready to answer any questions you may have.
 I'm going to try to be briefer than normal, so we have more time for question and answer. I know, particularly in the East, it gets a little late when these calls gets going.
 Post the El Paso merger, we've noticed in each call, we have additional participants on the line. So I think it's important that I sort of remind you of the philosophy of Kinder Morgan and the way we operate. We own and operate assets, about 75,000 miles of pipelines and 180-plus terminals around North America. These assets produce large amounts of cash flow, and our primary goal is to grow that cash flow and distribute it to our unitholders at KMP and EPB and to our shareholders at KMI. At our 2 MLPs, we view the key measurement as being distributable cash flow per unit. And at KMI, it's cash available per dividends per share.
 Post the El Paso acquisition, we said that between 2011, using that as the base year, and 2015, we could grow dividends per share at KMI by about 12.5% per year, that we could grow distributions per unit at KMP and its sister security, KMR, by about 7% a year, and we could grow distributions at EPB by about 9% a year. And we still expect to achieve those goals.
 Consistent with our philosophy and goals, all 3 of our entities raised their distributions, and all 3 improved the cash available per share or unit by measurable amounts during this past quarter.
 Let me start with KMI. We raised the dividend to $0.36 per share. That's up 20% from the dividend rate a year ago and represents $1.44 on an annualized basis. Our cash available for dividends increased by 93% from the third quarter of '11 and year-to-date, it increased to $972 million from $623 million during the first 9 months of '11. That's an increase of 56%.
 We expect to generate cash available for dividends well in excess of $1.325 billion for the full year 2012 and declare dividends -- and to declare dividends of at least $1.40. $1.40 would be an increase of 17% from the $1.20 that we declared in 2011.
 On a per share basis, which, as I said, is the most relevant measure, the cash available increased from the third quarter a year ago by 30%. It went from $0.27 to $0.35. And if you looked at the 3 quarters in the year-to-date, the increase was 28% from $0.88 in 2011 to $1.13 in 2012 for the first 3 quarters. Driving this performance, KMI benefited from strong performance by KMP and EPB and from the assets acquired from El Paso that are still housed at KMI prior to being dropped down to KMP and EPB. We continue to be pleased with the El Paso assets and their integration in the Kinder Morgan family and we're on our way to achieving annual cost savings of more than $400 million compared to our original estimate of $350 million.
 Now there are some other significant developments at KMI during the quarter. First, in August, KMI completed the drop-down of 100% interest in Tennessee Gas Pipeline and the 50% interest in El Paso Natural Gas pipeline to KMP for $6.22 billion, including assumed debt. Secondly, we expect the FTC mandated sale of certain of KMP's Rocky Mountain assets, which we had to sell to close the merger with El Paso, we expect that divestiture to be closed during November of this year. And third, just last week, on October 11, Goldman Sachs, The Carlyle Group and Riverstone Holdings sold the remaining portion of their KMI stock. As you probably know, neither KMI nor any of the KMI management sold any shares, and that leaves now only Highstar from the original investor group, and they have about 8% of the shares outstanding at KMI.
 At KMP, we increased the quarterly distribution to $1.26 per unit, that's $5.04 annualized, that's up 9% over the third quarter a year ago. And again, coming back to the most important measure of the distributable cash flow per unit before certain items, at KMP, it was $1.28 versus $1.19 last year, or an increase of 8%.
 Year-to-date numbers on the same per unit basis were $3.72 versus $3.40 a year ago and that's an increase of 9%. Driving that growth, all 5 of our business segments at KMP reported better results than in the third quarter of '11. The main drivers included the following: First, at the gas group, obviously, the contributions from the drop-down of TGP and EPNG, which were accomplished in early August of this quarter; second, at the Terminals group, a record export coal volumes again this quarter; and third, in our CO2 segment, strong oil production at SACROC and very good NGL production during the quarter.
 Now if you look across KMP and include the other KM companies, we now have over $11 billion of expansion projects in the works. These are projects that have customer commitments or were very close to having customer commitments on them, and they're in various stages of preparation and construction. The great bulk of that $11-plus billion is at KMP. We talked last quarter about having approximately $10 billion. That number has now escalated by well over $1 billion. We made progress on virtually all of these projects in the third quarter, and that progress is outlined with some detail in our release and in the interest of time, I won't go into it right now.
 In addition, we continue to pursue additional opportunities, which appeared to be numerous and growing. If you look at general trends that impacted all of the Kinder Morgan companies, on the positive side, we had a strong increase in natural gas used in electric generation.
 Let me give you some numbers that I find a little bit astounding. On our Tennessee system, for the quarter, throughput utilized for natural gas demand -- natural gas power demand was up 8% for the quarter and 20% year-to-date. On our Southern Natural Gas system, the SONA system, in the southeastern United States, we're up 26% for the quarter and 47% year-to-date. On the Colorado Interstate system, we were up 13% for the quarter and 44% year-to-date. So really strong growth in the utilization of our pipeline capacity to ship natural gas to be used for electric generation purposes.
 A second positive trend that we've seen is a strong and growing market for CO2 to be used in tertiary recovery, particularly in the Permian Basin. We've mentioned that for several quarters now and as we've detailed, we have a number of projects to hopefully capture additional portions of that demand.
 Third positive trend line has been export coal. That remains strong at our Terminals, both on the East Coast and along the Gulf Coast.
 And a fourth positive is that, as we all know, there's lots of drilling in the wet gas shale plays, and that additional drilling and production is leading to increased demand for the kind of infrastructure that we have in our footprint.
 Now I don't suppose there's ever a quarter or a year where there aren't negatives that partially offset the positives, and there are some negative trend lines as we see it today. So on the other side of the coin, we're experiencing weak refined products demand. We're seeing weakening domestic coal shipments. We're seeing a flattening of steel throughput across our system. And as you all know, we're seeing drilling declines in some of the dry gas plays. So that's sort of an idea of some of the trends that are affecting all of our companies.
 Now let me conclude with the EPB. There, we increased the quarterly distribution per unit to $0.58, that's up 18% over the third quarter of 2011. The distributable cash flow per unit was $0.71 versus $0.55 a year ago, that's up 29%. If you look at it year-to-date, '12 versus '11, it's $2.06 versus $1.89, or up 9%. These solid results really came across EPB's assets, driven by the drop-down that they got in May just before the El Paso-Kinder Morgan merger closed. And it was helped by additional demand for gas for power generation on both SNG and CIG, as I just detailed a moment ago.
 So in summary, we think the Kinder Morgan assets are generating record amounts of cash. We think we're very well positioned for the future, and we expect our footprint to continue to drive sustained growth in the months and years to come.
 And with that, I'll turn it over to Kim. 
Kimberly Dang: Thanks, Rich. And so starting with KMP, on the numbers, the first page of KMP numbers is the GAAP income statement. And as Rich said, today, the Board approved a distribution per unit of $1.26, which is a 9% increase over the third quarter of 2011. That leaves us year-to-date at $3.69 declared distributions, which is a 7% increase over the 9 months in 2011. The rest of the GAAP income statement, we don't find overly helpful in understanding our business. But for those of you who do use it, let me point out 2 things: Number one, you can see the loss on remeasurement of discontinued operations to fair value. We recognized an additional valuation adjustments in the quarter of $178 million related to the SEC asset. This valuation is based on a signed contract. And so other than small working capital changes, we wouldn't anticipate any significant changes in the future quarters. Of the $178 million, KMI is going to reimburse KMP $45 million of that. So the real economic impact of that is $133 million. But for GAAP purposes, that contribution by KMI will be shown as the capital contribution and will impact the balance sheet and not the income statement.
 The other thing I'll point out on this and we'll go through it, you'll see it more on the next page, is that because assets moved from KMI to KMP and because of their related entities, there are some special accounting rules. And so we have to go back and recap KMP's prior financials as if it owned EPB and the 50% of EPNG from May 24, the date they were acquired by KMP -- I mean, they were acquired by KMI. And so you'll see on the next page that we will pull out that income because KMP -- KMI got the cash from those operation, and KMP did not receive the economic benefits.
 Pushing to the next page, which is our calculation of distributable cash flow and what we use to -- what we base the dividend that we declare on. The DCF per unit for the quarter is $1.28. That compares to what we're declaring, $1.26. So about $6 million of coverage in the quarter. $3.72 year-to-date versus declared distribution of $3.69. So about $8 million of coverage year-to-date. For the full year, as Rich said, we still expect to distribute $4.98 per unit and we expect to generate coverage slightly above the distribution. That's a little bit better than what we talked about on the second quarter call, and that's just the result of a little bit better performance coming out of the segments and a little bit lower interest expense.
 Now looking at DCF, on a total basis, $455 million in the quarter, that's $61 million increase or 15% increase over third quarter 2011, and $1 billion -- $1.28 billion in the 9 months, which is an $80 -- $183 million increase or 17% over the 9 months 2011. Looking at where that $61 million of growth came from and the $183 million for the 9 months, if you look out at the top of the page, this segment -- $1.14 billion in earnings before DD&A, that's up $199 million on the quarter or 21%. And if you look at this segment, about 90% of that growth came from gas and CO2, and a similar story for the 9 months, $456 million of growth in the 9 months, 17%, again, with about 90% of that coming from gas and CO2 segment. So looking at the individual segments, products was up $7 million in the quarter. It's down $6 million year-to-date. On the quarter, we had 9 contributions from Cochin, and we had a very favorable volumes there. They were up 40% due to a new contract on an expansion project. We also had a favorable tax adjustment. Transmix, we benefited from pricing. And Southeast Terminals, we benefited from acquisitions and higher volumes.
 For the year, products, we expect to finish slightly below its budget, and they are slightly below their budget year-to-date. And that is Transmix, we had a contract that expired there. Kinder Morgan Crude and Condensate, the volumes came online a little bit later than what we anticipated. Ultimately, we think the volumes will be there, and it's just a timing issue. And then we've had lower volumes on SSTP and CALNEV, our West Coast pipeline, given lower demand and also competition from another pipeline. Those negatives have been then partially offset by nice volumes and a shipper settlement on our Cochin platform.
 Natural gas for the quarter, up $136 million year-to-date, up $239 million. As Rich said, significant benefit from the drops in the quarter. In the quarter, we also benefited from an acquisition that we did in the fourth quarter of last year on our treating business, as well as just better base performance there. In the Eagle Ford, we benefited from our JV that commenced shipping volumes in August of last year. We also benefited from a ramp-up in volumes of our Fayetteville Express Pipeline. And then those positives were somewhat offset by lower results on our pipes in the Rockies as a result of excess pipe capacity there. And also, on the Texas Intrastate, where we had an unexpected storage repair and some O&M timing. Year-to-date, natural gas is $96 million above its budget. For the full year, we expect it to be significantly exceeding its budget. And that is the result of the drops, net of the loss income from the FTC sale. Absent those 2 transactions, natural gas would be down for the year versus its budget. And that's just a function of the lower volumes in the dry gas area, primarily on KinderHawk, as well as a slower ramp-up in volumes versus what we expected in our budget in the Eagle Ford. CO2 is up $45 million in the quarter. It's up $176 million year-to-date.
 In the quarter, oil volumes were up; 1,400 barrels a day on a net basis, that was primarily capped at SACROC. EGL barrels were up 900 barrels per day. Oil prices were up, and then that was somewhat -- those positives were somewhat offset by NGL pricing down about $25 a barrel. Year-to-date, CO2 is below its budget and we expect them to be modestly below their budget for the full year. About $50 million, which is all a function and actually, more -- all function of more of the NGL prices.
 Terminals up $3 million in the quarter. It's up $37 million year-to-date. The growth in the quarter, about half of that was internal growth that came from -- on the liquids Terminals, for new contracts at higher rates, expansion projects, higher volume and then a -- and then export coal volumes. It is -- Terminals is slightly below their budget year-to-date, but we expect them to be on budget for the year, primarily as a result of stronger export coal volumes, offsetting reduced domestic coal and weaker steel volume.
 Kinder Morgan Canada, up $8 million in the quarter. It's up $10 million year-to-date, and it's up $10 million versus its budget year-to-date, and we expect it to exceed its budget for the year. And that's a function of higher volumes, both on Trans Mountain and Express, favorable booked taxes and then favorable incentive management fee that we get paid on Express, due to the higher volume.
 G&A, if you drop down about 6 -- 4 lines, G&A in the quarter, up $13 million. It's up $23 million year-to-date, and in the quarter, it's almost solely attributable to the TGP acquisition. Year-to-date versus our budget, we are within 1% of our budget if you exclude the TGP acquisition. So TGP G&A accounts for most of the variance year-to-date versus our budget. And we expect to be over our budget for the full year as a result of G&A associated with TGP.
 Interest -- it's $40 million increase in the quarter, $59 million year-to-date, almost solely attributable to increased balance. We did get a small benefit from lower rates in the year-to-date numbers. Versus our budget, we expect to be negative both -- we are negative year-to-date -- on the -- versus the budget. We expect to be negative versus the budget for the full year as a result of the drop-down. If you take out the impact of the drop-down, our interest expense would be positive for the year versus our budget due to lower rates.
 Looking at sustaining CapEx, it's up $23 million in the quarter. It's up $34 million year-to-date. It's actually positive versus our budget year-to-date. But that's timing. For the full year, we expect to be about $58 million above our budget. But that is attributable to the drop-downs. Without the drop-down, the remaining business segments in aggregate would be very close to their budget.
 Looking at the certain items for the quarter, we talked about the loss on remeasurement of $178 million. That's the biggest piece of the total certain items, which are $191 million. The other 2 large certain items are the 3 acquisition earnings allocated to the general partner. These are the earnings that KMP picked up for GAAP purposes prior to its acquisition date, and then we took a non-cash environmental reserve of $34 million. So that's the distributable cash flow for the quarter.
 Looking at the balance sheet, you will see that there's a significant change in total assets, about a $9.5 billion increase compared to 12/31/2011. And other than recurring items, there are 2 significant events impacting the balance sheet, which are the 2 significant -- the 2 transactions, the FTC sale and the drop-down. We talked about the FTC sales last quarter, which has the impact of moving assets from long term to current and classifying them as held for sale. And then the drop-down, the impact of this is that we have to record the drop-downs at KMI's book value. So KMP records them at KMI's book value even though it paid a different price. And in this case, it paid less in KMI's book value. And so you're going to see a large change in partners' capital. You'll see a $3.2 billion change in partners' capital. A significant portion of that $3.2 billion in partners' capital is the difference between the book value that we had to record these assets, which is KMI's book value; and the price that KMP paid. And that's considered a general partner contribution.
 Debt-to-EBITDA for the quarter, 4x. Now that is pro forma for the sale of the FTC assets. The -- we expected that the FTC assets will close in November, and that we will use all those proceeds to pay down debt. And so it's just a timing issue. We expect that we should let, as you can see on the footnote, $1.76 billion. And so if you adjust our debt for that, we're 4x. Without that adjustment, debt-to-EBITDA would be at 4.4x.
 If you look at debt, we ended the quarter at $7.4 billion, that's a change versus 6/30 of about $4.8 billion, so $4.8 billion increase in debt. As I said, there's about $1.8 billion of additional reduction that will happen. So if you netted that off, we would have only a $3 billion increase in debt. But reconciling the $4.8 billion for you is -- basically, there are $6.2 billion in acquisition, CapEx and contributions to equity investments and we raised about $1.4 billion in equity. And just to go through a little bit more detail, the drop value and my $6.2 billion is $5.66 billion. And all that is the $6.22 billion that you've seen in the press, less our share of that joint -- EPNG joint venture debt, which is not on our balance sheet. And so that's the biggest part of the acquisition. Expansion capital is about $388 million. The contributions to equity investments, $70 million.
 On the $1.4 billion raised, we raised about $727 million from the KMR offering. KMI sit back about $400 million in the drop-down transactions. We raised about $120 million in the ATM under the KMR distributions or about $125 million. So that's KMP.
 Now I will move to EPB -- oh, and just on KMP, we expect to end the year debt-to-EBITDA around 3.8x, just slightly better than what I mentioned on the last quarter call, which was 3.9x.
 Looking at EPB, again, we don't consider the GAAP income statement overly helpful in understanding our business. It does show the declared distribution per unit for the quarter of the $0.58. So on the second page, which is our calculation of distributable cash flow, distributable cash flow per unit was $0.71 in the quarter. So compared to the dividend or the distribution of $0.58, that's a little over $25 million of coverage in the quarter. Year-to-date, we have declared dividends of $2 -- or distributions of $2.06. That compares to -- or, sorry, we generated cash flow of $2.06. We have declared distributions of $1.64. And so, that's $87 million of coverage year-to-date.
 Looking at the distributable cash flow on a whole number, $149 million in the quarter. That's up $36 million or 32% versus the third quarter of last year. $427 million for the 9 months, which is up $58 million or 16% versus a year ago.
 Looking at what drove the growth up $36 million and $58 million for the 9 months, if you look out at the segment, earnings before DD&A, up $43 million. But as we discussed last quarter, that doesn't tell the whole story because EPB has acquired partial interest in pipelines from El Paso for -- and the way that, that shows up on the income statement is that it reduces your non-controlling interest expenses they acquired as additional interest. And so you have to look down to the non-controlling interest. So in the quarter, $43 million in earnings before DD&A. The non-controlling interest was reduced by about $4 million. So $47 million in growth coming out of the assets. About $25 million of that is associated with acquisitions, primarily Cheyenne Plain, and about $22 million of that is associated with the other assets that we owned at both periods, primarily expansions on Southern Natural Gas and increased gas firepower generation demand.
 There was about $12 million when you add together G&A, interest, the GP -- the increased GP incentive and sustaining CapEx offsetting that $47 million. The G&A was lower, primarily due to cost savings, as well as sustaining CapEx was lower due to cost savings. Interest was higher given more debt and the GP interest was an increase given the higher distribution per unit and more units outstanding. And so you now have the $12 million from the $47 million, that gives you about $35 million in growth on distributable cash flow.
 For the year, $50 million increase in earnings before DD&A. Again, looking down the page, you see a decrease in non-controlling interest expense of about $34 million. So about $84 million in growth, a little over $60 million that comes from the acquisition, and the balance is coming from  assets on the both periods, primarily Southern Natural Gas. Offsetting that is about $30 million of increased expense, primarily increased interest expense and increased GP incentive to get you to the $58 million in growth.
 For the full year, as we said in the press release, we're still expecting to distribute $2.25 and have over $95 million in coverage.
 On EPB's balance sheet, EPB ended the quarter debt-to-EBITDA 4.2x. That's up a little bit from 12/31 of 2011. But it's down from the second quarter, which we reported at 4.7x. It's down for the quarter primarily because we did the equity offering in order to put the long-term financing in place on the drop-downs that were done during the second quarter.
 Debt is decreased by about $304 million in the quarter and just to reconcile that for you, we spent about $14 million in expansion CapEx, we issued $278 million in EPB units, we had about $26 million in excess coverage and then there was about $14 million in working capital and other items.
 Turning to KMI, as I said last quarter, the first page is our cash available for dividends, which we think is the most important measure for KMI. We tried to divide it into 2 sections: the top section, which we -- is the cash generated from the GP and LP interest in KMP and EPB, which I'll refer to as the GP section; the bottom section, which you can see is entitled, "El Paso Corporation's Cash Available for Distribution", is the asset section. And those are assets that we ultimately think will be dropped to the MLPs. As I said last quarter, it's not perfect. All the cash taxes, they're up in the top section. And all the acquisition interest as well as the EPC interest, some of which will remain after we get all the assets dropped or in the bottom section.
 The other thing we've done on the schedule is we pulled out the transaction cost to give you a sense of the recurring cash flow. But we detailed those for you in Footnote 11.
 Looking at the quarter, we generated $362 million of cash available to pay dividends. That's almost double what we generated in the third quarter of last year. That translates into $0.35 per share that compares to our declared distribution of $0.36 per share. So we have about $12 million of negative coverage. So that is what we expect in the second and the third quarter, given the timing of interest payments and tax payments.
 For the 9 months, $972 million, which is $349 million above the 9 months ended in 2011, that's $1.13 per share compared to the declared distribution of $1.03. So a little over $75 million in coverage year-to-date.
 For the full year, we expect cash available to be over $1.325 billion, and we still expect to pay at least $1.40. Looking at where the growth came from, the $174 million on the quarter and $349 million year-to-date, on the quarter, the increase from $429 million -- to $429 million from $354 million, $78 million increase in KMP's distribution to us. EPB distribution to us, $92 million increase due to the acquisition. So between our 2 interests in the MLPs, $170 million increase. That's offset by about $41 million increase in interest, taxes and G&A. The largest piece of that $41 million is $33 million increase in taxes, which is associated with the higher income.
 The cash available from the EPC assets, $48 million. And then we had a $3 million decrease in NGPL Cash Available for Distribution. That
 takes you to the $1.74. 
 For the 9 months, $171 million increase in KMP's distribution to us, $174 million comes from the general partner and limited partner interests in EPC. So $345 million year-to-date coming from the 2 interests in MLP.
 There's an increase in interest and taxes and G&A of $66 million. Again, the biggest piece of that is over $50 million increase in taxes due to the higher income; $86 million coming from the EPC assets; and then NGPL is down about $16 million take you to $349 million in gross year-to-date.
 On KMI's balance sheet, looking down at the debt on KMI, we ended the quarter at $11.2 billion. Now that's up from $3.2 billion at the end of last year, but it's down from the $16.4 billion where we ended the second quarter. And so just very, very roughly and broadly, we started the year at $3 billion. We took on roughly $13 billion in the El Paso transaction between transaction itself and some of the transaction-related expenses. We paid down $5 billion in this quarter, and that leaves us at $11 billion. So when you look at the $5 billion pay-down in the quarter, it's actually $5.2 billion that we paid down. We got $5.275 billion of debt reductions coming from the drop-down. And that's $3.5 billion in cash that KMI got from those -- from KMP for those drop-downs, and then $1.8 billion in debt moved from KMI to KMP. It was debt on TGP that was assumed by KMP in the transaction. We had about $146 million in transaction-related expenses. The biggest piece of that was related to the El Paso merger litigation that we've now resolved. And then we also had $137 million in transaction-related tax benefits, primarily tax benefits related to the deferred comp that got paid at the closing of the transaction. So when you net those 2, it's $9 million of cash outflows associated with the transaction.
 We repurchased $26 million in warrants. As you know, we include KMR in the cash available for dividends as this is assets as if it was cash. We did not sell those shares in the quarter, so we've not yet converted that to cash. And then we made a little over $40 million in contribution to the 2 MLPs to maintain the 2% interest, and also in JV contributions to the JVs that are still held at KMI and expansion capital. And then we had $10 million in working capital and other items. And so that gets you to the $5.2 billion or, rounded, $5 billion reduction in debt. So that's it. 
Richard Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Kim. And Craig, if you'll come back on, we'll be happy to take questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Darren Horowitz with Raymond James. 
Darren Horowitz: Two quick questions for me. The first is on the ramp in crude oil and condensate volumes that were detailed in your prepared commentary. How do you think about leveraging the $200 million investment in that condensate processing facility because you've got ample storage capacity at Galena Park, and, obviously, it looks like volumes of crude and condensate from the Eagle Ford are going to be moving through a lot of those new pipes that you've detailed. So is this the type of project where you could become more vertically integrated to the extent that capacity even exceeds that 100,000 barrel-a-day upside that you guys want? 
Richard Kinder: Well, that's possible. But I think the most likely thing is we do have this whole collection of assets, and already, as you can see, as we detailed in this, the -- our Terminals group is -- has a contract also with BP to provide pretty significant storage, which BP is using as part of the operation of the condensate processor. So I think that's one way. Obviously, we believe we will upsize that condensate processing unit, and we're looking for other ways to maximize the utilization. Now of course, as we've pointed out last quarter, another very strange hook-up to this whole thing is the reversal of Cochin, which is actually, in the end, we believe, going to be used to move really oil [ph] processed out of the condensate coming out of Eagle Ford and moved all the way back up into Alberta. So there's a lot of things here we're continuing to explore, but I think we have a tremendous position, a great footprint here, and we're going to use it to every extent we can. 
Darren Horowitz: I appreciate the color. And last question. Just -- and I know you're in the process of coming -- ramping this up. But any sort of preliminary thoughts on how prolific you think you think that St. Johns CO2 source field could prove to be and the expected timing of when that source field could come online? 
Richard Kinder: I'll ask Tim Bradley, the head of our CO2 segment to talk about that. 
R. Tim Bradley: Our base case development plan at present is to develop sources on the order of 400-or-so million cubic feet per day of CO2 supply. But the timing on the critical path isn't going to be the field development activities, the drilling of the wells and such and the construction of facilities. The timing that's on the critical path is the construction of a pipeline from the state line in Arizona and New Mexico over to the Permian Basin. And we anticipate that, that could be a 3-year process, but it's still early in the game and that timing will likely shift somewhat. Hopefully, that addresses your question. 
Darren Horowitz: And the associated costs on that, Tim? 
R. Tim Bradley: Order magnitude, this investment into the pipeline and the field development could be on the order of $1 billion. But it's still early in the game to sharpen that pencil too much better than that. 
Operator: Your next question is from Brian Zarahn with Barclays Capital. 
Brian Zarahn: Can you, Rich, provide a little bit more color on FEP's performance in the quarter or what's driving the volume ramp and what you expect going forward? 
Richard Kinder: Sure. It's Tom Martin. Here, Tom, do you want to just do that? 
Tom Martin: FEP? 
Richard Kinder: Yes. FEP, yes. 
Kimberly Dang: Yes, FEP. 
Tom Martin: Yes, basically, it's a contractual ramp-up of the commitments that we have on the pipeline up to near capacity on the pipe. I think we're about... 
Richard Kinder: 85... 
Tom Martin: 1.85. 
Richard Kinder: Capacity of about 2 Bcf. And now it's fully ramped up to 1.85. We still have 150 million a day on that, that is not being utilized, not being sold. 
Brian Zarahn: And then on TGP and EPNG, are they -- just have the assets recently. But are they performing in line with the guidance you provided? And anything you can -- any color you can provide on performance and contribution you think you expect for 2013? 
Richard Kinder: Yes, I think, well, we can't get into specifics on 2013 yet. We're starting our fun budget process beginning next Monday. Everybody around here is waiting for that. But maybe -- but I can give you some color on how things are going. Clearly, on TGP, obviously, the ability to access production from the Marcellus and the Utica is a tremendous plus. We're seeing all kinds of opportunities for expansions, some of which we've detailed in the earnings release and some of which are not quite to that stage yet to be released. But we're seeing very good demand on the Eastern part or downstream part of that system. So we're very pleased with it. And it is performing a bit better than we expected. On EPNG, the drop there is actually now 50%; at KMP, it's still 50%. And KMI will drop another 50%, I'm sure, sometime next year. On that, again, we've made no secret of the fact that the great upside there is not due to California demand but the ability to drop off volumes along the way, particularly into Mexico. And we talk about the Sasabe project, which, at $200 million-plus project, which would hook into additional volumes that would be picked up on the brand-new pipeline being built by other parties down in Mexico. We will hook at -- hook up at the border near Sasabe, Arizona. So just a lot of potential to drop more volumes off. And when you do that, we believe we will end up with more than one lateral going down there. And when that happens, you have 2 things: You earn on the money you've spent on those laterals, plus you're filling some of the capacity that is now not being utilized to ship gas to California. The other thing is that we continue to look at the potential to use portions of that system to convert it to other uses, perhaps moving crude oil west from the Permian Basin. That's very speculative at this point, but there are a lot of opportunities. It could be very exciting there. So we're very pleased with the way both of these are performing so far and look forward to a lot of upside opportunities in 2013 and beyond. 
Operator: The next question is from the Vedula Murti with CDP Capital. 
Vedula Murti: I'm wondering, in terms of after the El Paso acquisition, some of the assets you acquired or -- including Elba Island and the Gulf LNG facility, I'm wondering, given the significant interest in terms of potential liquefaction and export of natural gas and some of the controversies around that, can you talk a little bit about how you're viewing those assets in terms of their potential for you over the next 2 years and maybe some of the competitive advantages or challenges to those facilities or those sites may have compared to some of the other players who have already got agreements or have been working fairly aggressively the in the queue at FERC? 
Richard Kinder: Yes, I'd be happy to. We believe that both of those terminals are -- have very great potential to be utilized for LNG export. In both cases, we have a DOE approval on the FTA volumes. No one knows for sure what's going to happen on the non-FTA. We believe we will be able to put together a project at Elba that will be non-FTA, and it will have some optionality to expand if and when we got FTA. On the Gulf, we think much the same thing. We think we will be able to do something, although it's a little more preliminary than our efforts on Elba. We think there's a good chance we can do something there that again would have maybe one train on an FTA, and then we've had to wait to get larger to see whether we get approval from DOE on a non-FTA. Our whole process in this is very conservative, I think, we don't want to spend a lot of money cranking up, based on getting non-FTA approval. So we're working very hard to secure commitments that are binding even without non-FTA approval. And so the whole projects would be constructed that way. And if you get non-FTA approval, there'll be upside, but we want base projects to stand on their own based on FTA, which we have in both instances. So we think both have met potential. We're not prepared to announce anything right now, but we think we will be prepared to give more detail on that in the not-too-distant future. 
Vedula Murti: I guess just to follow up, how far along do you  feel like you are in terms of finding the appropriate counter-party for the credit quality and duration that you seek? 
Richard Kinder: Well, we wouldn't be talking about it in the terms I have if we didn't think we had -- if we weren't pretty far along in dealing with parties that are very solid from a credit standpoint. And that's obviously a key consideration. You're not going to do something with somebody who don't have good credit because these are very long-term agreements, obviously. 
Operator: Your next question is from Craig Shere with Touhy Brothers. 
Craig Shere: So a quick follow-up first on Vedula's question. I think you said, Rich, that you're thinking maybe you could do 0.5 Bcf a day single train at -- both in LNG with FTA binding commitments. What were you thinking about size and potential online date for Elba? 
Richard Kinder: Well, first of all, I don't think I said -- I think I just said an LNG train. I didn't mention the specific amount of gas throughput there. But we think that the potential at Gulf is to put together one train of FTA. At Elba, Tom, you want to comment on that? 
Tom Martin: Yes, I mean, I think we're looking at potentially somewhere in the neighborhood of 300,000 to 400,000 a day in the 2015-2016 time frame. 
Craig Shere: Great. And a couple of other quick questions just in terms of the consolidation. I just want to make sure I understand. Citrus Gulf LNG and Ruby are not consolidated but EPNG and midstream are, is that correct? 
Kimberly Dang: Yes, correct. They're KMI. 
Richard Kinder: Right. 
Tom Martin: It's KMI. That's correct. 
Kimberly Dang: That's correct. It came on. 
Craig Shere: And what is the debt at Gulf LNG that is not consolidated? 
Richard Kinder: I don't know exactly. We'll have to get that to you. I'm not sure exactly what it is. 
Craig Shere: Okay. And Rich, you had said that highlighted was all the positive trends, the power stack demand for nat gas. I wonder if you or anyone else on the team could speak a little more about more recent trends since gas has kind of gotten to maybe $3.50 and, from the fuel switching, may have moderated. Are you seeing any changes on your system? 
Richard Kinder: Well, that's why I gave you the figures for both the third quarter and the year-to-date. And I think clearly, some of the moderation in the third quarter, to the extent that there is, on the pipes is also the cooler weather, at least during the latter part of the third quarter versus earlier parts. Now I think that's very difficult to see right now. Obviously, there is a price at which -- and it varies from system to system and it varies from customer to customer. There's obviously a price at which switching lessens. I don't think we're there for the most part yet, even in the mid-$3.50s -- mid-$3 range. But clearly, there's some point at which the pricing would turn the other way. But we're just kind of watching it day by day. But we -- or we've had this very good demand growth really pretty solidly the throughout the year thus far. 
Craig Shere: Great. And last question on EOR [ph]. I just want to make sure that the long-term thinking, at least, say, over a 3- to 5-year period, is that still, that Katz makes up, in terms of its growth, for the falloff in SACROC. And that would leave production about flat over that timeframe with -- including about $600 million of growth CapEx. Is that all about correct? 
Richard Kinder: I don't think so. I mean, certainly, we think Katz is going to be a major addition to our production. But as you can see from the SACROC volumes, that're ramping up this year, we are what, Tim, 1,500 barrels above our plan on SACROC this year? 
R. Tim Bradley: [Indiscernible]. 
Richard Kinder: So SACROC is doing much better than we expected it to do this year. The decline is not as fast. And we've said this on these calls before. We could play back all these calls and back in 2004 and '05, we were talking about SACROC would peak and start declining in the 2008-2009 timeframe. Then it was '11 and '12. Now it's '15 or '16. As Tim Bradley says, big fields get bigger. And we continue to rework parts of SACROC. And so I wouldn't at all say that the best we can do is flat if you add in the Katz volumes. I think my message will be just stay tuned and we're going to get growth at Katz. But increasingly, we're increasingly optimistic about SACROC's future also. 
Craig Shere: Well, that sounds great. I guess the last related question. I think the NGLs pretty much only come from SACROC. So would you see NGL percentage out of the total mix declining over time at least? 
Richard Kinder: Tim? 
R. Tim Bradley: And when you say NGL volumes declining, they've actually been increasing over the last 2 or 3 years. We are now averaging, on a monthly basis, between 19,000 and 20,000 barrels a day production out of the Snyder gas plant. And they will probably stay around that level for the next several months, if not 3 or 4 years. And that volume of NGL production is largely driven by gas production from the SACROC Unit. The gas production to SACROC Unit is filling to capacity. We intend to continue to keep that capacity filled, if not, expand it. So we would expect NGL production at SACROC to remain fairly stable for the foreseeable future. 
Tom Martin: And Rich, to address that other question on Gulf LNG, it's got about $800 million of debt. 
Richard Kinder: $800 million. Okay? 
Operator: The next question is from Ted Durbin with Goldman Sachs. 
Theodore Durbin: I'm really interested about this comment you made about converting EPNG from gas to crude. And maybe you can just talk a little bit more about how much oil you might be able to move out of the Permian. Would you be moving -- just converting portion of EPNG or the whole thing? Talk about maybe how much capital it'd take to do that. 
Richard Kinder: Well, first of all, I want to emphasize again this is very early. I was responding to a question of what are the upside opportunities on EPNG. It's very early in the game. But we would not be converting all of it. We would still, if we did it all, be able to service all of our gas customers at the present level of demand or whatever throughput they want to sign up for, a level of throughput they want to sign up for and still convert -- we have multiple lines across there -- and still convert the line all the way from the Permian into Southern California. The volumes could be very substantial, maybe 300,000 or 400,000 barrels a day. And the effort to, or the opportunity to collect capital could be up to around $2 billion on that project. But again, I want to emphasize this is very early -- in the very early stages of our thoughts, that we have had some interesting conversations with potential shippers on that line who are very enthusiastic. What we're seeing is there's continued increase in production in the Permian, particularly as these different sands are being exploited there. And there's a lot of effort on a lot of people's parts to move this over at Houston, and we're certainly looking at some opportunities there, too. But we think there's also -- given the dichotomy in prices between California and Texas, there's certainly some real interest at the right price under the right conditions to move  oil to the west. And we're certainly going to look at that as a possibility. Again, it's still speculative at this point but kind of interesting to think about. 
Theodore Durbin: Absolutely. And so the nature of the customers will be about producers, and I'm assuming the refiners would want some of the -- that discounted crude oil as well? 
Richard Kinder: I really wouldn't want to give any more detail on the customers at this point. But we have a number of people interested. 
Theodore Durbin: Got it. That's helpful. And then can you just talk about the thinking behind the sales price of TGP and the portion of EPNG at the 8x multiple? And you arguably have -- and you talked about these pretty good growth projects for TGP and the Marcellus. I'm just wondering how we should think about future assets, kind of the EBITDA multiple, the relative attractiveness of the other assets, how you're thinking about the future drop-downs. 
Richard Kinder: Park? 
C. Shaper: Yes, I mean, I think the price that you saw associated with those assets is reflective of the prices that you're likely to see going forward.
 There's not any question that KMI wants to do what's right for KMP. And so KMP and EPB will acquire assets at attractive prices. And that makes a lot of long-term sense for KMI, in addition to short-term benefits for KMI. 
Theodore Durbin: Okay, that's helpful. And then you mentioned briefly, I think, just a small portion of the authorization on the warrants that's used this quarter. I'm just wondering how you're thinking about that buyback potential relative to other capital allocation opportunities out of KMI. 
Richard Kinder: Well, our Board has authorized us to buy back $250 million worth of warrants. We publicly disclosed that. And we bought back $130 million? 
Kimberly Dang: 38. 
Richard Kinder: $138 million. So almost $140 million thus far. We bought a lot of it at lower prices than where it's trading now. I think we we're in at prices substantially below where the present market is. And we just continue to look at that on a regular basis to see when we ought to be buying and when we don't want to buy. But we plan to hopefully fill out the rest of that $250 million. 
C. Shaper: And the daily volume has a big impact on how much we buy as well. 
Operator: Your next question is from John Edwards with Crédit Suisse. 
John Edwards: Just, Rich, if you could just comment briefly. You said in the press release here that this summer, Kinder Morgan Canada commenced an extensive engagement with communities on Trans Mountain for the proposed routing there. I was just wondering if you had any thoughts about how that's going and the confidence and securing permits, that kind of thing. 
Richard Kinder: Well, that's a good question, John. And let me sort of bring everybody up to speed on it. We applied to the NEB, National Energy Board, to do a bifurcated process. And we said we wanted to come in first and get approval on the total arrangement that we had with our customers who signed 20-year agreements with us. There were some opposition to that. The NEB just recently ruled in our favor that they would proceed on that basis and set the first -- the hearing on that issue. Now this is not the environmental permitting or routing issues. This is just approving the toll structure so that we know -- we and our customers know that our contractual arrangements for 20 years have been blessed by the regulator. That's going to start in February, and we believe that will be brought to conclusion, hopefully with approval for the process as we've structured it, by some time -- about this time next year. Then we are working with all of the applicable constituencies here, from First Nations to people who are along the pipeline right of way to users, to consult with them on moving forward toward the filing that we will make in late '13 for the environmental and routing permits to actually get the permit to construct the line. And that will be a, we know, a long process. We are going to try to do as much as we can to satisfy people's concerns before the hearing opens. We're not naive. We know that there will still be opposition and that the NEB will have to balance the interest of a lot of different players here. But we certainly believe, given the economic advantages to the country of Canada and certainly to the producers in Alberta and the favorable tax benefits that this project will have for Canada, for B.C. and for Alberta, that we certainly think we're on the right side of the arguments. But I've never minimized it, never guaranteed anything here. We think we have a very good case, and we intend to make it. 
John Edwards: Okay, that's helpful. And you had mentioned also that your total CapEx opportunity has gone up from $10 billion to $11 billion. And I guess you've got more on -- more that you have yet to announce, it sounds like, from your narrative. The -- I just -- can you remind us, what was the -- how -- what's been the major mover for taking it from $10 billion to $11 billion? 
Richard Kinder: Yes, and we detailed some of that in the release. But since the last quarter, our projects on the terminal side have gone up by over $100 million. We've had additional projects on the natural gas side, and those have been the main drivers, a little bit more on the product side. But we think there's a lot more to come. We haven't included all of the -- as I said, all of the projects that seemingly are out there. What we've tried to do in that, and it's really over $11 billion now, we have tried to -- and that -- and we're going to share with you at our analyst conference exactly where we stand project by project. But we've tried to foot -- to -- with projects that are really in advanced stages where we either have customer commitments or we have letters of intent to commit to customer commitments, that kind of thing. So these are very viable projects, and I think we're just going to continue to grow that backlog. I know I've said it until I'm blue in the face, and you guys are probably tired of hearing it, but you cannot overemphasize the power of the footprint that we now have in North America. And we are going to drive that footprint as hard as we possibly can only when the projects make sense on an economic basis. But we're going to take advantage of that footprint to continue to get additional projects in the front door. 
Operator: Your next question is from John Tysseland with Citigroup. 
John Tysseland: This question might be directed more toward Tim, but I was curious how producer interest for CO2 supplies is holding up in light of kind of the large ramp-up in the Permian towards some of the tight oil plays. And when it comes to producers allocating capital between projects, how is the profitability of CO2 flooding compared to some of these tight oil plays in the region? Or -- and can you not really compare the 2? 
R. Tim Bradley: Well, I'll take the second one first. I'm not an expert in the shale plays and so forth, but things that I've seen in the public domain in terms of the break-even crude price required from many of them, the average is around $60 a barrel to get an NPV of $15. I think CO2 flooding is a little bit below that but not way out of that range, and I really can't take that commentary much further. With respect to CO2 demand, we are presently turning customers away that want more. I wish that, that was not the answer, and that's clearly a driver for our St. Johns acquisition and development planning that we're doing now, but we have customers that are taking virtually all of their contract quantities and wanting to increase them. And quite frankly, we've had some modest proration this past year. We may have a bit of that next year as well until we could expand Doe Canyon and get it online at the end of next year and do further expansions at McElmo Dome that will be forthcoming. So it's been a great market. There's a lot of activity in the Permian, and it's going our way as well as other directions as well. 
John Tysseland: That's definitely helpful. And then lastly, in the second quarter on Cheyenne Plains, I think there's a fairly large percentage of the contracted capacity that rolled off. And it looked like all of that got re-contracted for a pretty long-term commitment. Are you seeing similar things for other pipelines in long-haul capacity because I think the common thought might have been that, that might not have gotten re-contracted, but it appeared like it did. Is this mainly a demand-driven type of event? Or how would you explain that? 
Richard Kinder: Well, I'll have Tom Martin handle that... 
Tom Martin: I mean, in Cheyenne Plains, we've been working with some customers who had an interest in renegotiating contracts and extending. And so that's -- that may be what you're seeing in Cheyenne Plains. We had 2 particular transactions that we renegotiated and extended those agreements. Producer related. 
John Tysseland: Okay. So is it -- so is it fair to say that even though the Rockies and bases [ph] is still relatively tight, you're seeing -- you're still seeing producer demand for long-term, firm gas transportation agreements? 
Tom Martin: I think that's a fair point. Particularly, I mean, there's rich pockets in the Rockies as well. We're certainly seeing opportunities to explore converting lines to rig service up in the Rockies and gather gas, processed gas, into our lines from these rich plays in the Rockies as well. 
Operator: And there are no questions at this time. 
Richard Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Craig. And thanks to all of you. We appreciate your attention, and have a good evening. And thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-18 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is also being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect now. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Rich Kinder, Chairman and CEO of Kinder Morgan. You may begin, sir. 
Richard Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Holly. This is the Kinder Morgan earnings call and, as usual, we'll be making statements that may fall within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Now that we have closed the El Paso merger, we'll be talking about 3 entities: KMI, Kinder Morgan, Inc.; KMP, Kinder Morgan Energy Partners; and EPB, Enron -- I mean, El Paso Pipeline Partners. In addition, of course, there's a fourth security, KMR, which is the equivalent of KMP, but is -- pays its dividends in FICC and is suitable for investors who do not want to hold an MLP.
 Kim will take you through the financial details, and there's a good bit of noise there resulting from the El Paso merger and from the FTC mandated sale. But I think there's a strong fundamental story in most respects. For those of you new to this call, and to the Kinder Morgan philosophy, we're all about generating cash and paying out that cash to shareholders in distributions or dividends. So the real news here, I think, is that all 3 entities increased their dividends or distributions for the second quarter.
 KMI increased its dividend to $0.35. Now that's up 17% since the second quarter of 2011, and we anticipate dividending $1.40 for the year 2012. KMP and KMR raised their distribution to $1.23 per quarter. That's up 7% from the second quarter of 2011, and we anticipate distributing $4.98 for the year at KMP and KMR. EPB increased its dividend to $0.55. That's up 15% from the second quarter of 2011, and we anticipate paying dividends of $2.25 for calendar year 2012.
 Now let me talk about each of the 3 entities briefly, before I turn it over to Kim. At KMI, the cash available for dividends this quarter was $307 million. That's up 83% from the $168 million in the second quarter of 2011. If you look at it on the basis of cash available for dividends per share, it's $0.36 this quarter versus $0.24 in the second quarter of 2011. And I might add that for the full year 2012 at KMI, we expect to generate over $1.3 billion in cash available for dividends.
 Obviously, the most important thing that occurred during the second quarter this year was the completion of the El Paso acquisition on May 24. As we promised, in conjunction with that acquisition, we sold off the E&P assets of El Paso for approximately $7.2 billion. We had originally targeted producing $350 million of cost savings per year. We now expect that number to be north of $400 million per year.
 We said we would drop down significant assets to EPB, and we did that just prior to the close by dropping down the remaining 14% of Colorado Interstate and all of the Cheyenne Plains Pipeline. We expect to drop down 100% of Tennessee, TGP, and 50% of El Paso Natural Gas to KMP during this third quarter. And I might add that we really believe that TGP, obviously, has just a unique footprint in the Marcellus and Utica. We expect to complete the FTC mandated sales of certain KMP Rockies pipelines during the third quarter also.
 It's early in the game. We've only had these assets for a little less than 2 months. But so far, the assimilation is going well. We're seeing real upside possibilities from the assets, and we think we've inherited, most importantly, a great number of really good people. There are some profound effects that this merger has and, just to give you a couple of them, it now makes gas pipelines and storage across all 3 of the entities about 60% of all the earnings before DD&A. So we've become much more of a gas pipeline company, obviously.
 And then secondly, by putting all these companies together, if you look at enterprise value on a combined basis, at yesterday's close, the total enterprise value of these 3 entities is right at $100 billion. So this is quite a company we've assembled, with a footprint that I think is going to pay enormous dividends for years to come.
 Now let me turn to KMP. There the distributable cash flow increased by 13% to $366 million. Of course, the key thing for us is distributable cash flow per unit, and that is up to $1.07 versus $1.01 in Q2 of 2011. All the segments were positive in comparison to the second quarter of 2011 in terms of earnings before DD&A prior to certain items, with the exception of the Products Pipeline segment, which was burdened by lower rates on SFPP as a result of FERC and CPUC decisions and settlements.
 If you look at how the underlying business has performed, and I think sometimes we're kind of a microcosm of the economy, I can give you some interesting statistics. On the refined products volumes, we were off 0.9% in terms of throughput for the second quarter of 2012 compared to the same period a year ago. And coincidentally, that's exactly equal to the EIA numbers recently published for the second quarter.
 In terms of NGL volumes, our performance was much better. We were up 27%, largely through increased volumes on our Cochin and Cypress systems. We increased our biofuels volumes, and we're still handling about 30% of all the ethanol consumed in the United States. If you look at some of our terminal activities, we continue to benefit from strong coal export volumes, offset somewhat by weaker domestic coal volumes. Overall, coal volumes in our Terminals group was up 12%.
 Our petcoke volumes were also up 12%. Steel was up a much more modest 2%. And I think, returning to coal for just a minute, we believe that for the full year 2012, we will handle over 20 million tons of coal for export at our 4 export terminals, 2 on the Houston Ship Channel, 1 on the Mississippi, south of New Orleans; and the other in the Newport News, Virginia area. And that's about 20% of all the coal exported from the United States anticipated for calendar year 2012. The throughput on our liquids terminals was also positive, up about 5%.
 Turning to our Natural Gas segment, natural gas transport volumes were up 6% compared to the quarter a year ago. Natural gas sales volumes, virtually all in Texas, were up 12% compared to the second quarter of 2011. And the big drivers for that 12% increase were increased power demand and increased exports to Mexico. But as we look across all of our pipelines, the power demand is very high. We're setting records both for the month and year-to-date in terms of gas delivery to the power demand on both Tennessee and on the Southern Natural Gas systems.
 Now all that sounds pretty rosy, but life is never that way. And let me just say that not all is rosy in terms of volumes of natural gas throughput. Clearly, as you can imagine, the volumes are below budget on our dry gas activities, particularly in the Haynesville play, what we call our KinderHawk facility. But I will say that our EBITDA there is still nicely above the EBITDA in our acquisition model when we bought the second half of KinderHawk from Petrohawk back in the middle of 2011. So we're below plan in terms of volumes and EBITDA but above our acquisition model in terms of EBITDA.
 We're also seeing some producer delays in getting Eagle Ford production into our pipeline systems. I think largely this is the inability of producers to get equipment delivered on a timely basis, and just the sheer volume of activity there, I think, is creating some bottlenecks. But volumes are certainly there. We have long-term throughput contracts. But in some cases, the ramp-up is going more slowly in terms of getting the volumes to us than we would have anticipated it would be.
 In our CO2 segment, the production volumes are pretty good. SACROC is up 1,600 barrels a day from quarter 1 of 2012 and about flat to quarter 2 of 2011. Cash volumes are obviously way up above the second quarter of 2011 as that particular field ramps up, but still slightly below our plan for the second quarter of 2012.
 Gross NGL production is at record levels, and this is the fourth consecutive quarter that we've had record levels. So in short, the operations in the CO segment are doing pretty well, and we expect the rest of the year to continue strong from a production standpoint. The headwind in this section, which would come as no news to any of you who follow the midstream energy business, is the deterioration in NGL prices, and they're clearly substantially lower than the numbers we had in the budget, which was based on outlook dating from last November. Now we're not quite as bad as some. We estimate now, we put this in the release, that if the present trends were to hold through the year, our NGL price would be down by about 23%. So we're not as bad as some others because we do have less ethane in our mix. But overall, there's no question that that's a headwind for our CO2 segment.
 On the sales and transportation side, demand for CO2 remains strong, and we continue to work to expand our source fields, both in Southwest Colorado and to develop our newest source field, the St. John's field, which is on the Arizona-New Mexico border.
 In Canada, the Trans Mountain volumes were up slightly from the second quarter of 2011, and we expect to have those volumes hold in for the rest of the year. Probably the most important development at KMP and perhaps throughout the whole Kinder Morgan family of companies is the tremendous project development that we're seeing. We've made a lot of progress on these projects, and we're now estimating that our project backlog is now approaching $10 billion. The bulk of that is at KMP, but some is in the assets we still hold at KMI and some is in the EPB assets. But a huge backlog of products, and we -- those are already either approved, or we expect to approve them with the board very shortly. And it's money that will be spent not just in 2012, obviously, but over the next 3 or 4 years. All of these projects are backed by long-term contracts with our shippers, which is obviously a critical thing for us.
 Now we've detailed the most important of the projects that have been approved in the earnings release, and I won't go through them, but I think they bode very well for future cash flow. Let me just give you a few numbers to remember. Not counting the drop-downs of Tennessee and EPNG, which again we expect to occur this quarter, nor the CapEx associated with those drop-downs, not counting those, we expect KMP to invest about $2.2 billion in expansions and acquisitions this year, up from our original estimate of about $1.5 billion. And remember, that's just for 2012.
 If you look at it a little more -- in a little more detail, Terminals alone has approved projects of more than $1.3 billion, and much of that money will be spent in '13 and '14, not just in 2012. In the Products Pipelines, 3 of the projects that we outline in the release, namely the Houston condensate splitter, the Parkway Pipeline and the Cochin Reversal project, those 3 projects alone total almost $700 million in CapEx, most of which will be spent in '13 and '14. And if you add all of the projects that have been approved for the Products Pipelines group, it's more like $800 million.
 Now beyond all these projects that are underway and approved and advancing quickly is, of course, the Trans Mountain Expansion project in Canada. We now have contracts with 9 shippers for approximately 510,000 barrels per day for 20 years. That allows us to plan an expansion from the present capacity of 300,000 barrels a day to 750,000 barrels a day. Now there'll be a long regulatory process, although I would add that recent developments have indicated that the Canadian national government is very intent on streamlining that process. But we expect to get this approval, and we expect to spend the $4.1 billion to bring this project to completion.
 We think it will be built in the 2015, 2016 time frame, assuming regulatory approval, and be in service sometime in early 2017. Now all these projects, when you count them all up, are just tremendous building blocks for the future, and I think that's what we'll need more than any other single factor to continue growth at all 3 of these entities.
 Now turning to EPB, there, the DCF is up 14% to $135 million for the second quarter of 2012. Again, the more key figure is the DCF per unit and is 65% this quarter versus $0.60 a year ago. During the quarter, the most significant single event was the completion of the drop-down that I detailed earlier. But we also completed the third and final phase of Southern Natural Gas's system 3, and that expansion was placed in service in June. All 3 of those phases together resulted in additional capacity on the system of about 375 million cubic feet a day, and that's all subscribed to by the Southern companies for electric generation mode.
 From a broader perspective on EPB, we're just starting the process of assimilating these assets, but we're really very encouraged by the step-out expansion opportunities; by opportunities for storage, both in the Southeast and the Rockies; and by potential LNG export opportunities. We think EPB will also benefit from its share of these reduced costs, which we've been able to put into effect across the entire Kinder Morgan companies. So that's an update on where we stand. And with that, I'll turn it over to Kim. 
Kimberly Dang: Okay. Thanks, Rich. Okay, I'm going to start with the numbers on KMP. I'll do EPB second, and KMI, third. And so looking at the first page of numbers on KMP, the GAAP income statement, we don't think that the GAAP income statement is overly meaningful. We're going to focus on our calculation of EPS. But a few things I want to point out here, one, we're declaring a distribution today of $1.23. That's up about 7% from the second quarter of last year. The other thing on the GAAP income statement, you will see that there is an incremental loss on the remeasurement of our discounts -- that's the FTC assets -- to adjust them to fair value. That's $327 million. That's noncash. When we go to the DCF calculation, you'll see that we exclude that. However, right above that, you'll see the income from discontinued operations, the $48 million. When we calculate DCF because we still own those assets and we get those cash flows, we include that in our calculation of DCF.
 So on the second page, towards the bottom of the page, you can see our DCF before certain items. As Rich mentioned, $366 million in the quarter, up $42 million or 13%. For the 6 months, $828 million, up $122 million. Now just to back up one second, what we're doing in calculating DCF is we're taking GAAP net income before certain items, the primarily -- the primary certain item is the loss on remeasurement that I just mentioned. We're adding back DD&A, including our share of DD&A. We're making some other small adjustments, book cash taxes and some other small adjustments, taking out sustaining CapEx to get us to what our DCF is. So that is $366 million in the quarter. That's about $1.07 per unit. That compares to the distribution that we're declaring today of $1.23. So we have negative coverage in the quarter, which is -- we expected. We told you that, that would be the case, so it's last quarter and it's the time we went over the budget.
 For the 6 months, $2.44 of distributable cash flow per unit compared to a distribution of $2.43. So slightly positive on coverage for the 6 months. For the full year, on coverage, what we're expecting is to be at 1x coverage or maybe slightly under that. And I'll go through in a minute as I go through where we are relative to our budget, but that's primarily a function of lower NGL prices and then lower results, operating results from our KinderHawk assets.
 So looking back up at the segment, $959 million in segment earnings before DD&A, up $107 million in the quarter, up $257 million year-to-date. The Products Pipelines, as Rich mentioned, down $9 million in the quarter, down $13 million year-to-date on an actual basis. That is primarily a function of the lower rates on Pacific. We do have lower performance on our Transmix business as we had a contract expire there, but that's largely offset by a favorable on Cochin as a result of a settlement with our shippers.
 The same factors are driving the year-to-date. With respect to the budget, we're very close to the budget year-to-date. For the year, we expect to end slightly below the budget. Natural Gas segment's up $47 million in the quarter. It's up $103 million year-to-date, and that's a function of the KinderHawk acquisition, the SouthTex acquisition and just favorable results in our trading business and our Fayetteville Express Pipeline, as volumes ramped during 2011.
 With respect to our budget year-to-date on Natural Gas, we're below our budget, primarily as a result of KinderHawk. And then as things progressing more slowly in the Eagle Ford as Rich mentioned. For the year, on Natural Gas, we expect to be above our budget as a result of the drop-downs. And so absent the drop-downs, we would expect that we would end below our budget, primarily as a function of KinderHawk.
 CO2 business is up $52 million in the quarter. It's up $131 million year-to-date. Obviously, oil price is up. Our oil volumes in the quarter are up about 800 barrels per day, largely as a result of caps. Our NGL volumes are up in the quarter, about 1,100 barrels a day, and then that's slightly offset by lower NGL prices. The same is true for the quarter except for the oil volume is flat. So the same factors, except the oil volume.
 Year-to-date, we are below budget on CO2, and that's a function -- oil production is, as I said, about 850 barrels per day below our budget. However, for the full year, given SACROC, the improved performance of SACROC, we're expecting to end pretty close to our production budget. And so for the full year, we're expecting CO2 to come in about 5% below its budget, and that is primarily a factor of lower NGL prices.
 Terminals up $17 million in the quarter, up $34 million year-to-date. 80% of that is internal growth in the quarter, primarily higher volumes on our liquids terminals, higher rates and expansions on our liquids terminals, higher coal, export coal volumes and higher petcoke volumes. And the same factors are largely true on the year-to-date basis. Year-to-date, Terminals is on budget. And for the year, we expect them to exceed their budget, primarily due to higher export coal volumes.
 Kinder Morgan Canada is flat in the quarter. It's up about $2 million year-to-date. They're slightly exceeding their budget year-to-date, and we expect for the year that they will slightly exceed their budget.
 Dropping down to G&A, which is about in the middle of your page, G&A is down $2 million versus -- I'm sorry, is up $2 million versus last year. It's up $10 million versus last year, year-to-date. It's on budget year-to-date. And -- but for the year, we expect it to be above its budget. And we expect to be its -- for it to be above its budget largely as a result of the drop-downs of GDP and EPNG. Absent the drop-downs, we would come in under our budget on G&A, primarily as a function of higher capitalized overhead as capital expenditures have increased to the $2.2 billion that Rich mentioned before.
 Interest expense, up $12 million versus the second quarter last year, up $19 million year-to-date. That's primarily a function of the higher balance. Our balance is up about $1.3 billion. Year-to-date, we are favorable to budget as a result of lower rates. For the full year, we expect to be above our budget as a result of the acquisitions. If you strip out the acquisitions, we would expect that interest expense would be favorable versus our budget, also as a function of lower rates.
 Sustaining CapEx in the quarter is up $3 million. So higher spending in the quarter than a year ago. It's also up year-to-date. Versus our budget year-to-date, we're actually favorable. We've spent less than we anticipated. Some of that is timing. But for the full year, we expect sustaining capital to be above our budget, and that's also a function of the acquisitions. Our full year forecast does build in the impact of the drop-downs and from KMI, as well as the FTC divestitures. We think we'll be in the range of $55 million higher than our budget. If you strip out the acquisitions, we would come in favorable to budget. Primarily, some has moved -- some of the sustaining CapEx has moved to O&M and then there is a small amount of savings and deferrals.
 So that is the DCF for the quarter. I'll move to the balance sheet. The balance sheet -- I'm just going to focus on the debt. $12.6 billion is our net debt in the quarter. That results in a debt to EBITDA of 3.4x. That's down from year end of 3.6x and down from last quarter at 3.5x. We expect to end the year at about 3.9x debt to EBITDA, but that also has all the debt associated with the drop-down transactions and only a partial year of the operating results. So if you pro forma the EBITDA for a full year, so you take out the FTC assets and you put in a full year of TGP and EPNG, we would end the year at 3.7x.
 The change in debt for the quarter is about $55 million. For the year-to-date, it's about $223 million. And just to go through the main drivers of that, on the quarter, we had about $730 million of spending. It was $400 million of expansion CapEx, about $300 million of acquisitions and about $35 million of contributions to equity investments.
 We issued equity of $578 million. That's KMR. That's KMP at the market. We issued about $300 million in the Midstream transaction. We had a rate case settlement payment of $54 million. We unwound a swap that largely offset that. That was a positive $53 million. Our coverage was negative $56 million and then we had a working capital positive of $157 million. And that is primarily accrued interest.
 Year-to-date, $223 million change in debt. We spent a little over $1.1 billion year-to-date. That's about $700 million in expansion, $330 million in acquisitions, the biggest acquisition being the $300 million Midstream acquisition, and about $86 million in contributions to equity investments, primarily Eagle Ford and EagleHawk. We raised about $817 million of equity. The Canada rate case began and a swap on line [ph] largely offset. Coverage was about $2 million positive and then we had $82 million of positive working capital, which was primarily dark [ph] premiums, accrued taxes, AP and AR, offset by some inventory purchases in our Transmix business. So that's KMP.
 Moving to EPB, and the first page of EPB is also the GAAP income statement. As Rich said, we're declaring a distribution of $0.55 in the quarter. The GAAP income statement recasts our prior period results to include Cheyenne Plains as if EPB had owned Cheyenne Plains during all periods presented. So when I go to the next page and we go to our calculation of DCF, it will not -- it will only include Cheyenne Plains for the periods that we owned it. So you can see the incremental impact from the acquisition. DCF calculation, this is going to -- for some of you who follow EPB, it's going to be a little bit of a new format. This format is consistent with KMP's format. I think we get to the same answer at the end of the day, it's just done -- it's laid out a little bit differently. So more to KMP, we're just taking that income, adding back DD&A and subtracting sustaining CapEx. There are a couple of other adjustments to get to DCF that you'll see at the bottom. Those are consistent with the adjustments that El Paso was making previously.
 So DCF before certain items, as Rich mentioned, at $135 million in the quarter, up $17 million in the quarter, up $22 million year-to-date. $135 million is $0.65 on a per-unit basis versus our $0.55 declared distribution, results in coverage of about $20 million. On the 6 months, the $278 million is $1.35 per unit compared to our declared distribution of $1.06. That's about $60 million. And as Rich mentioned, for the year, we expect to declare distributions of $2.25 and to have coverage in excess of $80 million.
 Now just looking at the $17 million, where did that growth come from? If you look out at the segments, the segments were up $17 million, and that's primarily the acquisition of Cheyenne Plains, as well as improved results on Southern Natural as a result of the completed expansion project and greater power demand load. That $17 million, though, because El Paso consolidated the -- all the pipelines in prior periods, it didn't own 100% of those pipelines, and so you're seeing the benefit of the acquisition down below in the minority interest line.
 So as EPB has bought more of those assets from El Paso, the minority interest decreases. And so you see that benefit down in the minority interest line below. So if you add that, that takes your $17 million, there's about $4 million of benefit from those incremental acquisitions since 2011. So that's $21 million total increase in the assets.
 Sustaining CapEx is a positive $17 million in the quarter. That's because there were -- in 2011, there were some nonrecurring maintenance items. There's some timing, which I will get to in a second, and also the cost savings that we've implemented. So we have $38 million of cash flow available. Interest is up by $10 million as a result of the acquisition. GP incentive is up $13 million as a result of these units issued and the increase in the distribution. There's some other items that are about $2 million, and that takes you to the $17 million.
 Same analysis for the year-to-date. The segments are up $7 million. The incremental from acquisitions is -- it shows up in the minority interest line, is about $30 million. That's $37 million total. Sustaining CapEx is $29 million lower. Now on sustaining CapEx, for the full year, what we're expecting is around $55 million to $60 million. So you can see in the quarter and year-to-date, there is some timing relative to the full year. But we do expect -- but we are lower than last year in the quarter.
 Interest is up $20 million. GP incentive is up $25 million year-to-date. There is about $1 million of other items, and so that takes you to the increase of $22 million for the year-to-date.
 On EPB's balance sheet, the largest change in EPB's balance sheet relates to the drop-down of CIG, the 14% interest in CIG and the Cheyenne Plains. And so you can see that the debt is up about $509 million. And then you also see equity is negative. And those results because we have to recast. And so when we recast this as we own these assets in all periods, when you originally do it, you don't have the financing because they're assuming this happened way in the past. So you put assets on your books. Adding to that, creates a positive in equity. And then when you go finance these assets that are already on your books for GAAP purposes, that is going to be a negative running through your equity account. And so you can see that happening this quarter.
 On a debt-to-EBITDA basis, 4.7x versus 4.1x. Now the debt here on the balance sheet has also been recast for Cheyenne Plains. So the 3.990 at the end of the year is not really what was on the balance sheet at the end of the year. So -- what was on the balance sheet at the end of the year was 3.825. So we're up about $800 million year-to-date, and we're up about 700 -- sorry, we're up $800 million from the quarter. We're up about $750 million year-to-date.
 The acquisitions, $635 million went out the door on that, but we also issued equity for $64 million. So $570 million net. We assumed $176 million in debt, there is $23 million in expansion capital, $45 million in the termination of an AR program. Cheyenne Plains came with cash of about $20 million. There's about $20 million of coverage and then there's working capital of about $27 million negative, largely associated with accrued interest. Year-to-date, the acquisition, $635 million. $176 million of debt assumed. $40 million of expansion CapEx, same $45 million on the termination of the AR program, same $20 million of cash. Equity issued, $64 million. Coverage is $60 million and then the working capital is about $4 million. And so that is EPB.
 Moving to KMI, just couple of overall comments for those of you who might be new. This is our calculation of cash available to pay dividends at KMI. So what we are showing here is the cash that we received based on the declared distribution at KMP and EPB. It is the cash we -- or the cash available for us from our investment in NGPL. And then this quarter, we have added a second section because now KMI owns assets. And so we've tried to divide the schedule: the top schedule, which I'll -- the top half of the schedule, which I'll call the GP section; and the bottom half is what I'll call the asset section. The asset section is assets that we intend to drop over time to KMP and EPB. So it will largely go away over time, and the cash flows will move up into the GP section. Now it's not perfect. There is -- all the interest associated with the El Paso acquisition is in the bottom part of the section. All the cash taxes are in the top part of the section. But if you try to get -- if you ask 5 different people how to allocate this stuff, they do it 5 different ways. So we didn't try to go through an allocation exercise. That's just -- that's so -- just presented it this way for simplicity.
 In this schedule, we have full -- there are no transaction costs in the schedule. What we're trying to show here is the recurring cash flow that is available for distribution. So in the quarter, $307 million available for distribution. That's $0.36 a unit -- I mean, per share versus our declared dividend of $0.35 a share. For the 6 months, $610 million, which is $0.79 per share versus $0.67 on a declared basis. The -- we're up, again, $139 million in the quarter, $175 million year-to-date. If you look at what's driving the $139 million, the KMP distribution to us, $393 million, that's up $49 million. The distribution from EPB, $82 million -- up $82 million. And then that's offset somewhat by lower distributions from NGPL, higher interest expense and higher cash taxes, those 3 totaling about $20 million. So the -- you get to about $100 million in cash available to pay dividends before you get to the assets that we own. The assets generated about $38 million. Some of you may say well, that seems kind of low. But remember that all the acquisition interest is allocated to this section. We have already dropped some of the assets to EPB, and the GP and LP contribution from EPB are up above the $80 million.
 In the year-to-date, $175 million increase, $767 million is coming from KMP. That's over a $90 million increase. EPB is an $82 million increase. So between the 2 of those, you have about a $170 million increase. NGPL is down a little bit, but NGPL is, for the full year, is consistent with what we budgeted. And so the interest is up a little bit, G&A is up a little bit and cash taxes are up about $20 million to take you to $137 million. Again, we have $38 million from the assets to get you a $175 million increase, which is about 40% increase in the cash available year-to-date.
 Moving to the GAAP net income. There's a lot of noise in the -- given all the transaction expenses in the quarter. But our net income attributable to KMI is a $125 million loss. Now in the footnote on the prior page, you can see that there's about $273 million of after-tax expenses associated with EPC transaction and the EPE transaction. There's also a $29 million deferred tax adjustment associated with the transaction. There's $24 million in KMP-certain items that flow through to KMI on an income basis, which is largely KMI's share of the FTC revaluation. And then there's $15 million of other purchase accounting. So if you add those back, which is about $341 million, you get to about $216 million of net income, which is about $0.26 a share. We don't, again, think that the GAAP income statement is overly meaningful, but I know that some of you are required to report net income.
 The next page is the GAAP reconciliation, which I'm not going to go through. I'm just going to spend a few minutes on the balance sheet. And the balance sheet is a consolidated balance sheet. It consolidates KMP, EPB into KMI. This is preliminary. We expect that there will be some movement in this balance sheet given the transaction and finalizing purchase accounting. We expect there'll primarily be re-classes, but there could be some other changes as well.
 If you look down to the bottom -- oh, first, the change in total assets is about $38.8 billion. Of that, KMP is about $300 million and really, the remaining change is almost all attributable to the acquisition of El Paso. On the debt balance, KMI's debt balance is about $16.4 billion. That debt balance we expect to come down as we drop assets to KMP over -- in this quarter. But some of that debt will move to KMP as KMP takes on debt to finance the acquisition. But on a consolidated basis and pro forma-ing the EBITDA for a full year, we expect to end the year slightly over 5x. The change in debt on the quarter is about -- for the year is about $13.128 billion. For the quarter, it's about $13.155 billion. And so I'm going to reconcile that for you quickly.
 The transaction, we assumed about $7.3 billion in net debt from EPC. We also issued about $5.4 billion. And then when KMP purchased the other half of Midstream, it caused us to consolidate Midstream's debt on KMI's balance sheet. So that's another $100 million. So that's about $12.8 billion. So it is up $12.827 billion, and then -- so the change in debt is $328 million after you take out those -- the transaction debt assumed or issued.
 The performance metric that we went through was $307 million. There's about $146 million of timing on distributions. That means we recognized those distributions in the quarter for the performance metric, but we haven't received the cash yet. And that's higher than what we would anticipate going forward. What we anticipate going forward is about $15 million. It's higher in this quarter, primarily because this is the first quarter that we've gotten a distribution from EPB. We show it on the performance metric, but we don't actually receive that distribution until August.
 We paid $226 million in dividends in the quarter. We repurchased about $110 million of warrants. There's $125 million of transaction-related items, primarily severance and retention bonuses and then the termination of the AR financing facility. And then there is about $28 million of other items, expansion CapEx and contributions to equity investments to get you to your total change of $328 million. So that's all I have. 
Richard Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Kim. And with that, we will take any questions you may have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Ted Durbin with Goldman Sachs. 
Theodore Durbin: I guess, starting with KMI here, I'm trying to make sure I understand, Kim, your commentary on the El Paso assets. So you're saying the $142 million of EBITDA is a clean number? In other words, we shouldn't be adding anything back in terms of transaction or any other kind of payments that were related to the acquisition? 
Kimberly Dang: That's right. And you can see that detailed in Note 9 on that schedule. We talk about the transaction costs that are excluded from this. And most of those transaction costs are noncash or they're one-time in nature or both. 
Theodore Durbin: Okay, great. 
Kimberly Dang: But the -- adding the -- and so just one other thing. The EBITDA is just 37 days. 
Richard Kinder: Yes. Just from May 24 through June 30. Okay? 
Theodore Durbin: Yes. Got it. And then can you talk a little bit about your NOL position here post the transaction and how that will play into the cash tax rate you expect to play -- to be paying going forward? 
David Kinder: There's a fair amount of NOLs that were utilized on the sale of the E&P business, just as we've discussed previously. There are some remaining that are available for drop-downs. We also expect in a number of instances to do a number of dispositions unassociated with the drop-downs. And so we'll manage that as we go forward. There's also some portion of the NOLs that we're not able to use this year and that will roll over into future years. 
Theodore Durbin: I guess is there any estimate you can put on what the cash tax rate would be based on all that? 
David Kinder: I mean, I think the right way to think about the cash tax rate is to think about it once we get back to a normal steady state where we're primarily a general partner. And then, Kim -- I mean, when we get there, 36%, 37% is around the -- the right recurring cash tax rate to think about. 
Theodore Durbin: Got it. Okay, great. And then last question is just kind of thinking about capital allocation here at KMI again. Desire to pay down some debt versus increasing the dividend. You had a ratings downgrade yesterday. I guess, some -- would you just talk a little bit more about how you're thinking about the balance sheet? 
Richard Kinder: Well, of course, first of all, we're going to have the proceeds from the drop-downs to apply to the debt. And again, as quickly as we can, we're going to drop down all these assets into KMP and EPB to get back to being a pure GP. So that's the main source of the debt paydown. And we will intend to distribute -- again, under this formula, we're going to distribute the cash that's generated and available for dividends. 
David Kinder: I think we have a fairly straightforward path to getting to consolidated debt-to-EBITDA of around 4.5x through the drop-down process. And so I think we'll be working our way to that as we go through these transactions. And again, that's a full 12-month EBITDA to consolidated debt, meaning all of the debt at KMI, EPB and KMP. 
Operator: Next question comes from Darren Horowitz with Raymond James. 
Darren Horowitz: From a product development -- project development standpoint, if you back out the Trans Mountain expansion and you think about breaking down that remaining, call it, $6 billion of backlog, how do you guys think about allocating capital towards the additional coal export opportunities that seem very promising, relative to possibly importing more gasoline to replace U.S. Northeast refinery closures similar to that expansion you did at Carteret versus, let's just say, enhanced petcoke export abilities? 
Richard Kinder: Well, I think, first of all, the underlying principal areas, we're not doing any of these unless we have good long-term contracts. And then we just look at it, and we'd be happy to do them all if we have good long-term contracts on it. Just enormous opportunities. Now like I said on the coal export facility, we have 4 right now that have -- are up and running, and 3 of them are being expanded. We have a fifth that we will eventually go to, also on the East Coast, but we're not prepared to do that yet. So I think there are enormous opportunities there, someplace between -- I have said these figures before, they vary a little bit quarter-to-quarter. Someplace between $450 million and $650 million in coal export facilities alone. But we're going to have an expansion at Galena Park pursuant to a new long-term contract that we will be releasing information on tomorrow, as a matter of fact. We're going to have other expansions. Certainly, the Edmonton South terminal, as we say in our release, is actually upscaled again because we had more long-term contracts. I think the BOSTCO facility on the ship channel will also probably be upsized because we think we're about to move beyond 6.6 million barrels that was our original anticipated amount of tankage. We think we'll be able to expand that. So just a lot of opportunities. Again, we'll look at them based on whether they clear our return on capital targets and whether we have good long-term contracts behind them. 
Darren Horowitz: Last question, and this is more for Kim. Kim, as it relates to KMR's ability to effectively issue equity and be de facto equity as it's viewed for KMP, how do you think about the market's ability to absorb KMR equity throughout, not just this $2.2 billion capital program, but beyond that? 
Kimberly Dang: Well, I guess, we have a couple of tools in our toolbox. I mean, we can issue KMR, or we can issue KMP. And we have the ATM, or we can do stand-alone overnight offerings or marketed offerings on KMR. And so I think on these transactions, KMI will be taking back some equity, which lessens the need. We can do in the range of $300 million a year on the ATM. KMR in and of itself is generating $500 million a year. So you've got $800 million of equity that is sort of -- happens automatically before you even need to go to the market. And so if you think about it that way, that's -- if you say 50-50, that's $1.6 billion capital spend before you even need to access the market on an offering. 
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Maresca with Morgan Stanley. 
Stephen Maresca: A couple of questions on Trans Mountain. Rich, you mentioned that -- something to the effect of recent events, suggested the Canadian government seems intent on streamlining approvals. I don't know if you can expand on that a little bit at all? 
Richard Kinder: Yes, and those of you who follow it closely, the Premier Harper -- Prime Minister Harper's government has said that they want a full environmental review of these projects, but they want it done on a timely basis. And in fact, there was an article in one of the trade rags this morning saying that the NEB was taking steps in that regard and was looking at an 18-month time horizon for saying yes or no on projects, no matter how complicated they might be. Now I'm always leery when you just set some time frame. But I think, clearly, future projects like Trans Mountain, from the time you file, are not going to be dragged out for 3 or 4 years and have thousands of hours of hearings. I think it -- everyone will have their say at the table, but I think it will be done in a very fair but expedited basis. So we believe it will be done quickly. Now what we have done is, as many of you know, is we have filed with the NEB for approval of the commercial contracts. In other words, what we're doing is converting a pipeline that now moves 300,000 barrels a day and is essentially an open-access pipeline. Now we're expanding it dramatically and we have 500,000-plus barrels that is subscribed under 20-year contracts, clearly leaving plenty of room to handle all of the spot bases. You got 240,000 barrels, 750,000 minus 510,000, to handle all the other business. But we want to get that approved to make sure the NEB agrees with our commercial efforts here, our commercial understandings that we have reached in binding agreements with our customers. In the meantime, we are already going through what's called a consulting project with various interested parties, including NGOs, including the First Nations groups, primarily in British Columbia, and then we will file for the actual permitting of the pipeline itself in late 2013, and that's when the -- when that process will start. And again, if you assume 18 months and that may not be the exact right time, you assume 18 months, you file late in 2013, that would get you approval in the mid-2015 time horizon, give us time to build it in 2015 and 2016. So that's kind of the game plan, nothing -- no rocket science here. But there has been some very positive developments from the standpoint of the Canadian national government saying these are very important assets. It's not just oil sands production, it's some of the mineral production in British Columbia, some of the potash in Saskatchewan, other areas of Canada where they want to make sure that they have an orderly process to consider these. And I think that, that's going to be a positive for our process. 
Stephen Maresca: And how should we think about project returns for this in terms on returns on invested capital and then the $4.1 billion cost? I know it's early, but how are you potentially protected on that not rising? 
Richard Kinder: Well, I don't want to go into all the details on returns. I think it's a -- it's an appropriate return and one that's embedded in the contracts, and I think it's a good return for us. It's also very fair to our customers. From the cost side, as we've done in our other projects in Canada, there are cost-sharing mechanisms that -- some of this more locked-in cost will not be subject to escalation or pass-through. Those that can move up or down with events we can't control will be subject to a pass-through arrangement. There'll be a non-control cost. So we think we've got a pretty workable solution there. This is what we did on the last time we expanded Trans Mountain from roughly 220,000 barrels up to 300,000. And it worked very well. 
Stephen Maresca: Okay. And if I can leave with a couple of quick ones on just the NGL headwinds, what's the ability of you guys to hedge more on NGLs? And are you currently assuming the deck as is, current NGL prices, stay where they are for the rest of the year? And then final thing, as you mentioned, you have less ethane in your mix. I was wondering if you could just give a rough breakout of sort of the mix, ethane, propane, butane, [indiscernible]. 
Richard Kinder: Yes, I'll let Tim Bradley, who runs CO2, do the latter. But on the former question, we've talked about this before, any hedge that you do on NGLs, in our view, is a pretty dirty hedge. And so we hedge incredible amounts of our production, but we apply it all to the crude oil side, and that means the NGLs is where we have not applied the hedges. And as far as the deck is concerned, yes, we are basically using the forward deck, again because we have more ethane in the mix. Our numbers show we'd be down about 23%, we put that in the press release, from what we had in our budget that we did last November when we just looked at basically the forward curve. And Tim can give you some more flavor on that. Tim? 
R. Bradley: Yes. The NGL mix that you'll commonly find in the Permian basin would be 40% to 50% ethane. We use some of the ethane that we produce in our residue gas. It powers our power plant. So the ethane content in our produced NGL stream is only 18% as it leaves and goes to market. The rest of the mix is pretty much standard in terms of -- the next biggest component is propane, then going down to the isobutanes and pentanes and so forth, natural gasoline. So the ethane is basically being cut in half and being used in our power plant. 
Operator: The next question comes from John Edwards with Crédit Suisse. 
John Edwards: Just a follow-up to Steve's questions. So the dollar amount that you're expecting from the lower NGL prices this year, can you just translate that for us? 
Richard Kinder: Yes. I think Kim said that. We think that's a downturn of about $60 million resulting from that, if what we project now continues for the rest of the year. 
John Edwards: Okay, great. And then as far as the trajectory or the pace of drop-downs and financing of such, if you could just give a little more flavor on that. 
Richard Kinder: Yes. I'll say a couple of things. First of all, as we've said, we expect to drop -- to make the drop of 100% of Tennessee and 50% of EPNG in the third quarter, this quarter. We also expect to complete the sale of the FTC mandated sale in this quarter. With regard to future drop downs, we're going to do them as quickly as we can to both MLPs. We originally said it would probably take us to sometime in '15 to get all this done. I'm modestly hopeful we can get it done substantially in advance of that. I'm looking forward to the day when Kim will be able to give you a much simpler summary of how we get to cash available for dividends at KMI, and it will be simply all the GP and units. We will be back to being a pure GP. Now part of the reason for that is that the sale that was mandated by the FTC is somewhat larger than we thought it would be and, therefore, KMP can move more quickly. It has more proceeds coming in than we anticipated. It can move more quickly to take on more assets. But we think we can move this pretty quickly, and we're anxious to get back to a pure GP, where you can evaluate it just on that basis. 
John Edwards: Okay. So broadly speaking, maybe -- and thinking about it, maybe end of '14 is -- might be a reasonable assumption for our modeling purposes? 
Richard Kinder: No, that's probably as good as any. I would hope we might even beat that a little bit. 
John Edwards: Okay, great. And then as far as -- what's the expectation now for financing, kind of what you've been doing before, sort of 50-50? And then how much paper do you think KMI might take back in the process? 
Richard Kinder: Now a part -- David, you want to... 
David Kinder: Yes. I mean, in KMI, we'll take some back as Kim noted. And I think the ultimate financing will be consistent with what we've done in the past, with the objective of maintaining a very solid balance sheet at KMP. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Tysseland with Citigroup. 
John Tysseland: Rich, I guess do you envision being able to leverage TGP's asset position to expand really your further investments in the Midstream, kind of like what you did in the Eagle Ford but up in the Marcellus? And I guess what kind of timing do you think about if that is the case? 
Richard Kinder: Yes. We definitely plan on doing that. And so far -- again, remember, we're just 2 months into this thing. So far, I've been very encouraged with the opportunities we have. We're going to move on them just as quickly as we can get the long-term contracts solidified, and I would hope we'd be in a position to make some announcements in the third quarter of some projects. And I think there will be others after that. Tennessee is a fantastically positioned pipeline. And the other thing that -- across all of the El Paso assets, we kind of sweep away storage. But the combined entity, all the Kinder Morgan companies, now have about 680 Bcf of gas storage capacity, and we think there are enormous opportunities there to use that more efficiently, to create more injection and withdrawal capacity, serve our customers better, and we've got a full court press on that. And I don't know if you want to call that midstream exactly, but certainly it gives us a lot of additional opportunities. So they are just -- when you add all this up, power demand, storage opportunities, opportunities to expand the midstream off of this big footprint of pipelines we have, we're just really encouraged about the long-term opportunities. And when we talk about approaching $10 billion in potential projects now, I think those will go very nicely as we get deeper and deeper into this, and that will be over a period of several years, I think. So yes, I think just lots of opportunities to leverage Tennessee, additional opportunities out West and additional opportunities in the Southeast. 
John Tysseland: Yes, that's great color. One more thing. When you look at TGP and EPNG, I believe both of those are already in LLC's and don't need to be, I guess, converted into C corps before they're dropped down into KMP, but I just wanted to confirm that. And then also, how many other assets are currently in sub-C corps that are up at the KMI today? 
Richard Kinder: David? 
David Kinder: Yes. Tennessee is already in a LLC. EPNG will be converted into an LLC at the time of the drop-down. I think if you look at some of the other assets up there, John, you have the Midstream operation, which is already in an LLC that KMP owns 50% of. Citrus FTC is in C corp and will remain in C corp in that regard. Ruby is in a flow-through entity and then Gulf LNG is in a flow-through entity. So I think you're right, predominantly. The biggest asset that's not is FGT/Citrus but outside of that, should be enough flow-through-type vehicles. 
John Tysseland: And then lastly, on EPNG, you have a big chunk of contract rollovers in 2012. How do you think about those contracts renewals as you move on throughout the year and also year-to-date? And then given -- looking at the basis differential -- I mean, the basis differential remains pretty attractive so it seems like you would get pretty good support for that. But I was trying to figure out how you think about that on a cash flow forward basis. 
Richard Kinder: Yes, well, you're right. The basis differential has been pretty good. And I think on a going-forward basis, we've got a model we're working on that we had when we put the acquisition plan together. And so far, we're tracking pretty close to that model. So I think we'll do that well or better. The real opportunity of course on EPNG, I believe, is east of California. There is a tremendous demand for increased exports to Mexico. We have publicly surfaced already about 3 of those projects, and we think that -- not only does that have the benefit of allowing us to earn money on incremental investments as we build, if you will, drops or laterals down to the border off of the EPNG mainline, but it also obviously puts more volume through the EPNG mainline. And I think we -- that will be a big source of opportunity for us. I think, also, you will have some east of California coal-fired generation that we'll be converting to natural gas as time goes on, and I believe there may be some potential for alternative uses. Some of the EPNG lines, there's a lot of duplication there. So we're just getting into it, but we've got a very bright guy running that for us, and I think we will find some real opportunities to benefit there. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Curt Launer with Deutsche Bank. 
Curt Launer: Wanted to just follow up with some of the questions that have asked before in maybe a couple of different ways. First, relative to the specificity you've given us of an expectation of 50% of EPNG to be dropped down, you could go through what your expectations might be relative to the financing model of that and how much debt remains to be assumed by KMP in that drop-down. And also, I guess I'll admit to try and ask the NOL question that started this session in a different way. Have you reported or do you expect to report maybe this year end the tax basis from the old E&P assets, such that we can figure out the outlook for taxes on gains on future drop-downs? 
David Kinder: Yes. I mean, the amount of debt assumed in the drop-down [indiscernible]? 
Unknown Executive: Yes. On Tennessee, Tennessee basically has about $1.8 billion of debt, and El Paso Natural Gas is about $1.15 billion on an 8/8 basis down at El Paso Natural Gas. 
David Kinder: Yes. And then on the NOLs, my expectation is that there will be disclosure in the 10-K, just like there was this year. 
Operator: The next question comes from Harry Mateer with Barclays. 
Harry Mateer: So just looking for a little clarity, if you can provide it, on your latest thoughts on the EP Corp. debt. And how should we be thinking about drop-down proceeds flowing across KMI debt versus the legacy EP Corp. bonds? 
David Kinder: I mean, I think the right way to think about that is that we will end up guaranteeing the EP Corp. debt, and so what we will do with proceeds is pay down debt in the most efficient manner possible. But it shouldn't make much difference to bondholders. 
Harry Mateer: Okay. So it's really just going to be driven by the cost of paying down debt, and we shouldn't think of any particular strategy between the 2? 
David Kinder: Right. The strategy is going to be minimizing the cost. 
Operator: We do show one last question from John Edwards from Crédit Suisse. 
John Edwards: Yes, just a follow-up. In the past, you've been guiding at KMI, I think at 12.5% dividend growth. And KMP, I believe it was around 8% distribution growth per unit going forward. Any change to the long-term guidance at this point? 
Richard Kinder: Yes, the guidance has been, since the time we did the merger and announced the merger last fall, has been 12.5% growth at KMI. That's off the '11 base through 2015 and 7% compound growth at KMP. And that's also off of the 2011 base, so through 2015. So yes, we feel good about those, 7% at KMP, 12.5% at KMI and about 9% at EPB, and those all continue to look good. And I think, just -- I think you can tell from this call that we're pretty enthusiastic about the El Paso assets. Sometimes, we've done a lot of these acquisitions, sometimes you get in there and you turn over the rocks and there's nothing but big snakes under it. But in this time, we've turned over the rocks and actually, we haven't found very many snakes, if at all. So we're very positive on -- nothing that we have encountered so far has led us to assume any kind of negatives versus our original acquisition plan on the El Paso assets. 
David Kinder: Yes, Rich. The other thing I'm going to add is going to go back to a couple of the questions that have been asked. We're not dodging the questions on the NOLs. You should just recognize, on the NOLs, this is a function of the tax return. The actual calculations won't be finalized until we do our tax return next year. And so we don't want to be giving you numbers that may ultimately move, and it's complicated enough that it's difficult to come up with the estimates. And so that's why we're not being forthcoming with numbers right now. Those are difficult calculations. 
Operator: I am showing no questions, sir. 
Richard Kinder: Well, thank you all very much for listening to us. And if you have other questions, don't hesitate to call Kim or David or the rest of the team. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-18 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is also being recorded. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at this time. [Operator Instruction] And I'll now turn the call over to Rich Kinder, Chairman and CEO of Kinder Morgan. You may begin, sir. 
Richard Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Holly, and welcome to the first quarter analyst call. We'll be talking about Kinder Morgan, Inc., or KMI; and Kinder Morgan Energy Partners, or KMP. We'll be talking about first quarter results and the outlook for the rest of the year and beyond. As usual, we'll be making statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. I'll give an overview. Kim Dang, our CFO, will give the detailed financial results and then Park, Steve and I and others at the management team will be available to answer any and all questions that you might have.
 Let me start with KMI. And it's a very simple story. It begins and ends with cash flow, and we get 99% of our cash from our GP and LP interest in KMP. We pay our taxes on that. We pay the interest on a relatively low amount of debt that we have, and we distribute the balance to the KMI shareholders in the form of dividends. The metric that we think is the most important here is cash available to pay dividends, and for the first quarter of 2012, that number was $303 million. That's up 14% from the $267 million in quarter 1 of 2011 and slightly ahead of our budget. We have increased the quarterly dividend of $0.32 a share, or $1.28 annualized, by way of comparison. That's an increase of 10% from the $0.29 per share in the first quarter of 2011. As we said previously, we expect to declare dividends of at least $1.35 per share for full year 2012, and that's without the impact of the El Paso merger, which should increase our cash available for dividends on a post-closing basis. 
 Now let me give you an update on the El Paso acquisition because I know that's a subject that everybody's interested in, and I'll make several points.
 First, as we've said all along, we expect the acquisition to be nicely accretive to KMI. As a result of that and the normal growth rate that we have, KMI expects its dividends per share to grow at an average annual rate of 12.5% through 2015 from its budgeted 2011 dividend per share of $1.16. 
 Secondly, one of the things we set out to do early on was to make sure that we are marching along on the integration efforts to put these 2 great companies together. That's proceeded very much on schedule. Enormous effort by lots of people on both the Kinder Morgan and the El Paso side. We are now far enough along, but we're very confident that we will meet or exceed the $350 million per year target in cost savings and other synergies that we pegged at the beginning of the process.
 Third point is, as you all know, shareholders of both companies have overwhelmingly approved the merger. 
 Fourth point is that we, as promised, at the beginning of the process, have entered into a definitive agreement to sell El Paso's E&P business for approximately $7.15 billion to a group led by Apollo Global Management. We expect to close that transaction at about the same time as the merger closes. And importantly, we expect El Paso's NOL carryforwards to largely offset any taxes from the sale, and therefore, we'll be able to use virtually the entire proceeds to reduce the debt, which KMI incurred for the cash portion of the merger consideration.
 Next point is that we have, as you know, reached agreement with the FTC staff to divest certain KMP assets as a necessary step to receive regulatory approval of the transaction. Subject to final approval by the commission, we've agreed to sell Kinder Morgan Interstate Gas Transmission, our Trailblazer system, certain Wyoming processing and treating facilities and our 50% interest in the REX pipeline. We expect to close that sale in the third quarter of 2012.
 The final point I would make is with regard to dropdowns. We intend to offer or drop down El Paso assets to KMP to replace the divested assets. All those divested assets I mentioned belong to KMP, and we expect to offer to KMP all of Tennessee Gas Pipeline and a portion of El Paso Natural Gas. We hope to close that transaction or drop down contemporaneously with the close of the divestiture of the KMP assets, which, again, we believe will occur in the third quarter of this year. We expect the combination of the divestiture and the dropdowns will be neutral to KMP's distribution per unit in 2012, and accretive to KMP's distribution per unit thereafter. 
 El Paso also has offered to sell the remaining 14% of Colorado Interstate Gas and all of Cheyenne Plains Pipeline to El Paso Pipeline Partners, obviously, subject to final approval of both the El Paso and EPB boards. We expect that dropdown to close contemporaneously with the close of the KMI-El Paso transaction, and we expect it to be immediately accretive to the distribution per unit at El Paso Pipeline Partners. So that's an update on the El Paso situation. 
 Now let me turn to KMP. Clearly, all the numbers at KMP that we're talking about now are pre the El Paso merger. At KMP, as we've said so many times, the real important metric there is distributable cash flow per unit. And for the first quarter of this year, it's $1.37 per unit versus $1.21 a year ago or up 13%. And overall, as I'll go through, I think we had a very nice quarter at KMP. 4 of our 5 business segments outperformed the same quarter in 2011, the only exception to that was the Products Pipeline group, which was down slightly, primarily due to lower tariffs as a result of the prior FERC decision and FERC decision 511-A and settlements with customers that we made since the first quarter of last year. We anticipated this, and actually, this segment is mildly positive to plan for the first quarter. 
 But turning to that segment, it's pretty apparent to me that refined products volumes are clearly down from 1 year ago, but consistent with the EIA. You'll see from our volume numbers attached to our release for the quarter, overall refined products at Kinder Morgan are down 1.6%. Now that compares to the EIA numbers I recently released of 2.7% negative. But I think you have to adjust our 1.6% to account for the leap year. And if you do that, we're actually at 2.7% also. Now frankly, I don't expect any measurable increase in volumes in the foreseeable future at our -- in our -- in terms of refined products due to a number of industry-wide factors. The growth in this segment is going to come from 4 or 5 other factors that we think are very important, and we have examples of all of these concepts in play right now. The first is we're clearly increasing the amount of biodiesel and ethanol that we're handling, and their tremendous increase off a relatively small base on the biodiesel, I might add, in the first quarter of this year. We also see a lot of opportunities for this segment in the shale plays. Obviously, 2 examples of that are the Kinder Morgan crude and condensate line that will take Eagle Ford volumes from the Eagle Ford Shale play up to the Houston Ship Channel. And once there, another example of what we can do is the fractionator that we now believe will probably start out at around 50,000 barrels per day, and we will build that fractionator to help handle some of the condensate coming out of the Eagle Ford. 
 Another opportunity for this segment is selected, targeted expansions for particular customers. Probably the best example of that is the Parkway project, about a $220 million pipeline that will connect a refinery in Southern Louisiana to the mainline Plantation system in Southern Mississippi. That's going along on schedule, and that's a good new project for us. 
 And then finally, we have a lot of associated terminals with our Products Pipeline segment, and a lot of those terminals have expansion capabilities and possibilities. Best example of that, probably, is our Carson 7 project in Los Angeles, where we're building 7 new tanks, 2 are already online, the rest will come online at the end of 2012 and early 2013. All of those tanks are under long-term agreements with our customers. So while we don't expect the volumes run through our Products Pipeline in terms of refined products to increase, we do expect to still continue to be able to grow that segment due to these other factors.
 Now turning to our Natural Gas segment, I think the story here is that no secret to any of you on this call, there's less activity in the dry gas plays and there's more activity in the richer plays. So for example, as Kim will take you through the numbers, KinderHawk is not seeing the volumes we would have thought we would have seen in our budget year-to-date. On the other hand, it's still above the acquisition plan numbers that we had when we made this acquisition of the second half -- in the middle of 2011. On the other hand, in places like the Eagle Ford, we see activity continuing to ratchet up. For example, in the Eagle Ford, we have a joint venture with BHP. That rig count in drilling activity is increasing rapidly, and we think it will continue to increase throughout 2012 and certainly beyond. Our Treating business has also performed very well, particularly the part of it that manufacturers facilities for sale, known as the SouthTex operation, which we bought last December. Again, we're benefiting largely from activity in shale plays like the Eagle Ford.
 And then finally, we think we're, in the Natural Gas segment, building the infrastructure of the future as we've said so many times, particularly with the El Paso merger. We're handling the product that we think is going to be really the base load fossil fuel product for America for the next several decades. As we said so many times, it's clean, it's cheap and it's domestic. We think there will be a lot of additional opportunities that will come in play as a result of having the size of network that we certainly will have after the El Paso acquisition. But one opportunity right now that we see, even pre the El Paso merger, is as we see these opportunities for liquefaction facilities to be built along the Gulf Coast, we have extraordinarily good connectivity to those plays that would be providing the natural gas to be liquefied and to the terminals where the liquification would be done, for example, the Cheniere project outside of Lake Charles. So we will make -- take advantage of our interconnecting pipelines if and when these projects get built.
 Turning to our CO2 segment, I think the story there in the first quarter, the pluses were high prices from a WTI standpoint and record NGL production during the quarter. If you look at the oil volumes, we had a combination. SACROC was down to last year, as we expected. Yates was a mild positive to our plan, down a bit from last year. Katz, obviously, very positive to last year and ramping up significantly as we go forward. And if you put all that together, we're down about 900 barrels per day from where we were 1 year ago or about 3%. Overall, the segment's about on plan for the quarter in terms of bottom line performance, and we expect it to be on plan for the year. 
 But the really big story for the future, I think, in our CO2 segment is the growth in additional CO2 sales. And I think one of the most significant stories at Kinder Morgan in the first quarter this year was the fact that our CO2 segment signed contracts for 2.1 trillion cubic feet of new CO2 to be supplied to various customers in the Permian Basin. We think these are done at good prices to us and allow us to earn a decent return on the capital we will invest, and they're all long term, with an average life of 16 years. They will peak, if you look at this 2.1 TCF and how it ramps up, it will peak at an additional 450 million cubic feet a day in the peak years of these contracts. And that's significant when you think that right now, we're at about 1.25 billion cubic feet a day. In order to supply these additional CO2 contracts, and we think we will have additional contracts signed in the future, we're going to work at expanding our source fields to accommodate that increased demand. We've already approved and talked about before the roughly $250 million that we're spending in Southwest Colorado. We expect it and that's just at the Doe Canyon facility that we have. We expect to spend someplace in the $1 billion to $1.5 billion, eventually and expanding our production capabilities and our network capacity if the kind of demand we've experienced now continues for the future, and we think it will. 
 So all put, we're talking about a great growth opportunity here for CO2 that's a very predictable return over a long period of time, and of course, that will involve, as part of this, the development of our new St. John's field that we just closed on early in the first quarter, which is on the Arizona and New Mexico border. So good future for CO2, particularly in the supply of CO2 to our customers.
 On our Terminals side, just had an extraordinary quarter and you just look at it up and down the line and you have to be as we are, very pleased with the performance. We had growth on both the liquids side and the bulk side, just to give you a few numbers. Our throughput on the liquids side was up by 9% compared to the first quarter of '11. Our tonnage on the bulk side was up by 6%. Some of the drivers on the bulk side -- we had a tremendous ramp-up in demand for export coal. So even though we had a downturn in some of our domestic coal handling as you would imagine, given the situation across the country and the warm winter, nevertheless, the total coal volumes were up by 5%, driven largely by record export quantities. Our steel volumes were up 16% in the first quarter of '12 compared to '11.
 If you look at the future, we've now authorized and have in progress $1.2 billion worth of capital expenditures in our Terminals group. Those are projects that are in progress. They've been approved by our board. That number that we also shared with you, those of you who were present at our Analyst Day back in January. At that time, it was $860 million. So we've increased by $350 million or so just in the last 3 months since we had our analyst conference. What's driving a lot of this is the coal export business. And when we finish the projects that we've authorized now, we will have increased our capacity to handle export coal to about 45 million tons per year. Now when you think that the whole export coal market is someplace between -- there's a lot of differences on this, but most people think it will settle in someplace between 110 million and 150 million tons a year, but we're handling -- will be handling a very significant part of that.
 Then on the liquids side, the main projects there are the big BOSTCO terminal on the ship channel and our large Edmonton South terminal at the beginning of Trans Mountain in Edmonton, Alberta. So great potential for growth in the Terminals segment for years to come. 
 Turning to Canada, they have solid performance in the first quarter. We're seeing really good demand from both Washington State and across the dock in Vancouver. We were hampered slightly in the first quarter by pressure restriction on Trans Mountain and that was lifted on March 16, so that will not be an issue the rest of the year. But the big news in terms of our Canadian operations is the Trans Mountain expansion. There, we received -- and we released all this earlier, we received binding bids for 660,000 barrels per day for 20-year contracts. So we had originally, as you may recall, thought that we have the potential to upsize Trans Mountain, which currently has a capacity of about 300,000 barrels a day. Our original thought was we could go from 300,000 to 600,000 barrels a day. Given the high volume of nominations that came in, we've decided to upsize the project to go to 850,000 barrels a day or a net increase of 550,000 barrels over the current capacity. That drove an increase in project costs to our current estimate of about $5 billion, up from the $3.8 billion that we had estimated when we were talking about expanding this pipeline to 600,000 barrels per day.
 Obviously, we have to get regulatory approval from the NEB. We expect to have this pipeline expansion in service in 2017. We think this is a very important development for our Canadian oil sands producer customers and their customers. We think it serves us as a real mean to get more of the oil sands production at the West Coast of Canada, and from there, either go into Washington State or across the water. So a lot's happening. We think it's a great time to be in the midstream energy business and look forward to a very strong year and look forward to closing the El Paso merger. 
 And with that, I'll turn it over to Kim. 
Kimberly Dang: Okay. If you turn to your KMP release or stay in the KMP release and this is the first page of numbers, which is our GAAP income statement. At the bottom, you could see the declared distribution, $1.20 to the first quarter of '12. That's consistent with our budget and about 5% above what we declared in the first quarter of last year. The only other thing I'd point out on this page is the assets which are subject to the FTC staff agreement have been classified as discontinued operation, consistent with GAAP. And so you can see the income from discontinued operation and then also the noncash loss on remeasurement there of $322 million.
 On the -- when you go to the next page, I'll just point out that the income from these assets, we have included in our DCF calculation. We do not pull that out of our DCF calculation. As Rich mentioned, we expect to replace these assets with the dropdowns such that KMP, on a coverage basis, or a DCF basis, would be neutral for the year.
 Looking at the second page, all the way at the bottom, as Rich mentioned, $1.37 in DCF per unit in the first quarter. That's up $0.16 or 13% versus last year. We are on budget for the quarter and on budget for the full year. To lines above that, DCF before certain items, which is effectively the total cash available to the limited partners, $462 million in the quarter, that's up $80 million or 21% from -- since last -- versus last year. We are on budget for the quarter and on budget for the year.
 Given that, as the DCF per unit available and the declared distribution of $1.20, that gives us coverage of $58 million in the quarter. As we said at the time, at the analyst conference when we presented the budget, we expect to have excess coverage in the first quarter and in the fourth quarter and for the full year, and we would expect to have negative coverage in the second quarter and the third quarter. And so next quarter when we present, we would not expect to have coverage. But again, we will have coverage for the full year.
 Looking up at the total segment earnings before DD&A, $1.029 billion in the first quarter of this year, that's up $150 million or 17% versus last year. 
 On Products Pipelines, as Rich mentioned, we're down $4 million, primarily as a result of regulatory agreements. For the full year -- I mean, for the quarter, we are slightly ahead of our budget, primarily because of some better volumes on Cochin. And for the full year, we expect to end -- we expect Product Pipelines to end on budget.
 Natural Gas is up $56 million for the quarter or 25%. And that's a function of the KinderHawk acquisition, the higher contractual volumes on FEP and then the treating acquisition and in addition, better results than we expected from that treating acquisition that we referred to as SouthTex. In the quarter, Natural Gas is about 3% below their budget. And for the full year, we expect them to end about 2% below their budget. As Rich mentioned, as drilling has shifted from the dry basin to the richer areas, we have seen some volume impact on our KinderHawk acquisition and that is really what is causing natural gas to be below budget for the year.
 On CO2, up $79 million in the quarter or 31%. As Rich mentioned, higher oil price and higher NGL volumes are driving that. They were slightly below planned in the quarter and that was a function of we were a little bit -- we were below budget on SACROC volumes that would somewhat offset by the help that we got on price. But the help on price is not as much as you would expect. We've outlined our metrics, which is about $6 million in DCF or $1 change in the price of oil. The reason it's not as much as you would expect is because NGL prices got hit. For the full year, we expect that CO2 will be on its budget. We expect that the SACROC volumes will recover and that they will only end a couple of hundred barrels below their budget.
 Terminals is up $17 million for the quarter or about 10%. They are on budget for the quarter, and we expect that they will meet or exceed their budget for the full year. 
 KMC is up $2 million in the quarter. They are on budget for the quarter, and we expect that they will come in slightly below their budget for the full year on an earnings before DD&A basis. But if you look at that on a DCF basis, we would expect that they would meet their budget for the year.
 If you drop down to the general and administrative line, which is about in the middle of your page, $108 million for the quarter. That's $8 million higher than last year. It's a few million dollars higher than our budget, but we actually -- for the quarter, but we actually expect for the full year that we will do a little bit better than our budget, meaning a lower G&A expenses in our budget. 
 The next line, interest expense, is up $7 million in the quarter. It's actually slightly favorable in the quarter to our budget, primarily because our balance at the end of last year came in a little bit lower than what we budgeted for the full year. We expect to be positive on interest expense and that's more a function of lower rates.
 The last thing I'll mention on this page is sustaining CapEx. Sustaining CapEx in the quarter was $44 million, up $8 million versus last year. It is actually a positive versus our budget, and we expect that it'll be a positive 3% or 4% for the full year.
 Turning to the balance sheet. Just from a high level, if you look at the balance sheet, you can see there's a decrease in total assets. And basically, what's happening on the asset side of the ledger is that you're seeing that right off come through there. In addition, we are moving the discontinued operations, again, the assets that are subject to the FTC agreement to assets held for sale. So you see movements out of PP&E investments and goodwill into other current assets. And then the other thing, as you see every quarter happening on the asset side of the balance sheet, is just the investments that we are making and the spending in CapEx.
 On the liability side of the balance sheet, the big movements are really in the debt, which I'll reconcile in a minute and on the value of interest rate swaps, which just moves with the forward curve for interest. We ended the quarter at $12.556 billion of debt. That's up $168 million from the end of the year. And just to reconcile that $168 million, we spent over -- a little bit over $300 million on expansion CapEx; about $30 million on acquisitions, that was our CO2 St. John's acquisition; about $49 million was contributed to equity investments; and then we issued about $239 million in equity, about $125 million through the KMP at the market and then the KMR dividend was about $114 million. We had coverage of about $58 million, as I mentioned earlier, and then we have working capital items that were about a negative $77 million. And the 2 big pieces on the working capital were interest with the use of working capital because of most -- our most significant interest payments are in the first quarter and in the third quarter. And then also, we purchased some inventory in our Transmix business as we took over a contract from Shell. Those 2 items were offset by positive sources of working capital on margin and taxes and then AP and AR. So where that leads us in terms of debt to EBITDA for the quarter is at 3.5x, which is an improvement over 12/31 that was at 3.6x. With that, I'll move to KMI.
 The first page of the numbers in KMI is the cash available to pay dividends. Rich mentioned we generated $303 million in cash available to pay dividends in the quarter, that is on our budget, and $36 million or 14% above last year. And as you look up at the top, that's driven primarily by the GP interest in KMP, which is up $41 million or 14% from last year. Based on declared dividends of $0.32, we have coverage for the quarter of $76 million similar to KMP. On KMI, we expect that we have coverage in the first quarter and the fourth quarter and for the full year, and that we would have negative coverage in the second quarter and the third quarter. And at KMI, that's primarily a function of the timing on interest and tax payments.
 For the full year, we expect to be slightly ahead of our budget of $985 million in cash available to pay dividends. And that $985 million, as we said at budget time, does not include any impact from the acquisition of El Paso.
 The income statement, which is our next page at KMI. Similar to KMP, you can see the discontinued operations in the middle of the page. Again, the assets subject to the FTC agreement have been classified as discontinued ops. The loss number is different here because KMI has a different basis in -- or record KMP's assets at a different level than where KMP records on. That was a function of the purchase accounting that was done at the time of the 2007 NPL, just so that people can understand what's going on. 
 The -- at KMI, on the balance sheet, again, you see the same thing happening on the asset side of the balance sheet that I just went through with respect to KMP. If you look down at KMI's debt, we ended at $3.21 billion of debt, and that's down $26 million towards the end of the year. That change in debt, $26 million, let me reconcile that for you quickly. Our cash available for dividends that I just went over was $303 million. That is based on the dividends declared by KMP. So what was received from KMP during the quarter was about $19 million lower than that. So you take off that $19 million. KMR, we did not choose to sell the KMR shares at this time, so that's a negative $17 million coming out of that $303 million. We made a pension contribution of $20 million, and we paid dividends of $220 million. And that should get you to the $26 million change in the debt. The debt to cash available, we ended at 2.2x, and that obviously, that's an improvement from the end of last year when we ended at 2.3x. That's it. 
Richard Kinder: Okay. And with that, Holly, we'll go back to you and we'll take any and all questions that you might have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first comes from Darren Horrowitz with Raymond James. 
Darren Horowitz: Two quick questions for me, the first on Terminals on the coal side and then on CO2. As it relates to the $1.2 billion in authorized CapEx that you guys are going to be spending, is it fair to assume that, that should materialize somewhere between a 5.5 or 6x EBITDA multiple or possibly a better way to think about it around a 16% or 18% cash-on-cash return? 
Richard Kinder: Each project is a little bit different, but that's probably within the range. 
Darren Horowitz: Okay. And then on the CO2 side, supply and transport. Rich, can you just give us some color on the 2.1 TCF of contracts that you signed? What's the return on capital there? And when do you expect to hit that peak that you referenced because I would imagine at that point in time that's when you're return on investment is going to also reach its peak? 
Richard Kinder: Yes, and I have Tim Bradley, our CO2 Head, is right here, and he will be happy to answer that question for you. 
R. Bradley: We executed 5 contracts that are on the aggregate 2.1 TCF. One of them was substantially larger than the others, and it starts making deliveries on the order of 300 million cubic feet a day, starting in 2016, 2017, if I'm recalling correctly. So that is when the peak would likely occur without having specific detail of all the contracts in front of me. That's a representative of estimates as to when that would occur. 
Ian Anderson: And the other question on the return on capital, it really is a function of what happens with other supply contracts as well. If contracts that we have that expire over the next 5 years get renewed, that will require incremental investment on our part to grow CO2 production. And if they don't get renewed and these contracts basically come in, in their place, then we would not have to invest significant capital in order to support these contracts. 
Richard Kinder: Well, then, an additional point on top of that would be that the price of securing any of these new contracts are higher as a percentage of oil price than they have ever been historically and they also got higher priced scores. So as these new contracts come in, the returns just get higher. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Zarahn with Barclays. 
Brian Zarahn: I just have a couple of questions on the project. Obviously, a large project to undertake, it won't be for a couple of years. But if you could talk a little bit about your sensitivity to changes in cost estimates and how you expect to lock in some of those costs. 
Richard Kinder: Yes, it is a complicated formula that's agreed to, and there will be a sharing of costs with the shippers and there are certain parameters that gets shared. Certain portions get shared, certain portions don't, and that's the way it will be on a going-forward basis. Ian, you want to add? Ian Anderson, who runs our Canadian operations, is here. Whenever somebody brings forward a $5 billion project, we bring him down to the board meeting, so go ahead. 
Ian Anderson: The only thing I'd add is that's certainly the contracts that we've entered and we do have cautionary provisions and reset provisions. When we filed the commercial terms of this expansion with the regulator this summer, that information would come out at that time. 
Brian Zarahn: Okay. And then in terms of end markets, I'm assuming the majority of those volumes are growing overseas. Can you talk a little bit about where you expect those volumes to go? Will anything come to the West Coast of the U.S.? 
Ian Anderson: Of the 660,000 barrels a day that has been committed, a portion of that is for the BC market, a portion of that's for Washington State market, the bulk of it is for Westridge Dock facility in Vancouver. Once it loads on the tankers, we really don't know where it's going to end up. We know barrels do go into Washington State and California today. I would expect that to continue and to grow. Having said that, we would expect a good portion of the volume is going over the dock to be destined for Asian markets. 
Brian Zarahn: Okay. And in terms of -- I know it's early on, but is it reasonable to assume sort of similar historical returns on the expansion as you've had in the KM Canada segment? 
C. Shaper: Yes. Hey, it's Park, and I'm happy to take that. I think what we can say about this project is it's clearly very appealing economically to shippers by virtue of the fact that they signed up to 660,000 barrels a day of commitments. And it will also generate a fair return to us as is evidenced by the fact that we're willing to commit $5 billion to it. 
Operator: The next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. 
Jeremy Tonet: Just a question on the sale of Tennessee Gas replacing the assets that would be divested. It seems like the EBITDA stream there is larger than the assets being divested. So I wonder if you could talk a bit about some of the drivers there as far as the Tennessee Gas being bigger than those other assets being divested and how that comes out as being cash flow neutral. 
Richard Kinder: Let me be real clear. We had always intended, obviously, to have a dropdown from KMI to KMP of El Paso assets as soon as possible after the merger closes. The difference here is that now, as it turns out, KMP is divesting a chunk of assets. They will have that cash available for them and then they will have access to the markets that they otherwise would have used to do a purchase absent the divestitures. So yes, it's -- we would be selling all of Tennessee Gas and a substantial portion of El Paso Natural Gas, EPNG, which will be much larger than assets divested, both from a valuation standpoint and from a cash flow standpoint. And what we've said is, to be very clear about it, is that we will make certain that, that combination of the dropdown and the divestitures, which will occur simultaneously, will be neutral to KMP for the year 2012 and accretive in 2013 and thereafter. 
C. Shaper: And that's on a distributable cash flow per unit basis. 
Jeremy Tonet: Okay, great. And I was just curious if you guys could comment at all as far as the net operating losses that El Paso has right now. How much of that might be consumed in the E&P sales? How much might be available thereafter, if that's something that you can even talk about? 
C. Shaper: I think our expectation is that there will be excess NOLs beyond what is used in the sale of the E&P business. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ross Payne with Wells Fargo. 
S. Ross Payne: The sale of Rockies Express Trailblazer and Kinder Interstate is coming sooner than I would have thought. Can you help us think about what strategic purchasers might be thinking about the assets and how they may be utilized over time? 
Richard Kinder: Well, I think you'd have to ask the purchasers. Right now, we have a lot of people who have signed, who've already gone out with confidentiality agreements. Those have been signed. We've already sent the detailed books out to these people, and we will start getting responses to that in the next few weeks and they will know more about exactly what they plan to do. I think it's fair to say that in the people who signed up to get the books, and they are numerous, that there's some strategic players and some financial players, and we would expect a spirited bidding contest and we'll just see where it heads. 
C. Shaper: Yes. And the only thing I'd add to that is it's an attractive set of assets. And each of the assets, we would much prefer not to sell. But this is the agreement that we struck, and as you said, we'll execute on. 
S. Ross Payne: And you are pretty confident on Q3 closing on those? 
Richard Kinder: Yes, we feel good about that. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Curt Launer with Deutsche Bank. 
Curt Launer: I wanted to just continue on the same topic a bit of the FTC-mandated sales and ask for either run through to calculation of the discontinued operations. It's confusing to me at this point. Just looking at the numbers that you've reported, how you end up with a significant loss on the discontinued operations given the nature of what you expect in terms of bidding for those assets going forward. 
C. Shaper: Well, I mean, the loss on the discontinued operations is just a function of our book value and then where we as -- and then where we mark those assets. And so I think you remembered, REX cost us about $6.7 billion to bid. So the basis on that asset is relatively high. 
Curt Launer: Okay, so that was going to be the next question. Is most of that loss related to REX as opposed to the other assets? 
C. Shaper: Yes, I mean, I don't think we want to get into a lot of detail on this in terms of... 
Richard Kinder: Clearly, there were some pluses and minuses that got to taking the write-down that we did, Curt. 
Curt Launer: Okay. And one more just clarification, just to be sure, you did say that you would project the dividend of $1.35 for all of 2012 at KMI. That is on a pro forma basis for the share count after the deal closes with El Paso, is that correct? 
Richard Kinder: No. We would say if we were never doing the El Paso deal, we would at least do $1.35, and we might do better than that given the fact that, as we've shown you, if you can multiply $707 million times $1.35, you get to $956 million or $957 million. And as Kim already said, our budget calls for $985 million, absent El Paso, and we're doing -- we project we'll do slightly better than that at KMI. So that's where we are without El Paso. With the El Paso transaction closed, when that closes, we intend to come back around that time and put forward what we always said we would do, which is to adjust that dividend in light of the benefits of the El Paso merger. And we would expect that dividend to be higher than $1.35. We said that consistently since the time that we announced the merger. And that higher dividend than $1.35 will certainly take into account the additional 300 million plus shares that we will be putting out. Did that answer your question? 
Operator: And I am showing no further questions, sir. 
Richard Kinder: Okay. Well, we appreciate the questions and appreciate your interest. And if you have further questions, don't hesitate to contact us. Thank you, and have a good evening. 
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the conference. You may disconnect at this time. Have a great day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-18 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Rich Kinder - Chairman and CEO Kim Dang - VP & CFO Tim Bradley - President, CO2
Analysts: Gabe Moreen - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Brian Zarahn - Barclays Capital Darren Horowitz - Raymond James Bradley Olsen - Tudor Pickering
Operator: Welcome to the quarterly earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session during today's call. (Operator Instructions). Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. I will now turn today's call over to your host Mr. Rich Kinder, Chairman and CEO of Kinder Morgan. Sir, you may begin.
Rich Kinder: Thank you Erin and welcome to the Kinder Morgan conference call. As usual we will be talking about Kinder Morgan Energy Partners which is one of the largest MLPs in America and about Kinder Morgan Inc., which I will refer to as KMI which is the general partner of KMP. Also as usual we will be making statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. I will give an overview of the results and accomplishments for 2011 and for the fourth quarter and an outlook for 2012 and Kim Dang, our Chief Financial Officer will give you the financial details for 2011. Then we will open it up for questions and Park Shaper, our President; Steve Kean and I will be available to answer any and all questions that you might have. Let me just start with KMI. It’s a simple and very positive story. Back when we did the IPO, we anticipated that we would have cash available to pay dividends for the year 2011 of $820 million and that we would use that to pay $1.16 in dividends. As a point of fact on a paid basis, we had $835 million in cash available for dividends and we paid $1.18. Now if you move to the declared basis, we are declaring for this quarter $0.31, that means that actually our declared basis for 2011 we will have paid a $1.20, net $0.31 is obviously a penny increase since last quarter and is up 7% from the dividend that we declared that we anticipated when we did the IPO back in February of 2011. As usual the results at KMI are driven by KMP and we’ve already previously stated that for 2012 on a declared basis we expect KMI to pay dividends, to declare dividends of a $1.35 a share, that’s a 13% increase over the 2011 declared dividend of a $1.20. And note that while we previously have presented dividends on a paid basis, from now forward they are going to be on a declared basis. If you look at it on a paid basis, our anticipated dividend for 2012 would be a $1.30 which is 12% above the 2011 budgeted amount. If that doesn’t confuse you, I don’t know what will. But at any rate, a very positive story and exceeded what we promised you in the IPO about 10 months ago or 11 months ago. So obviously let me turn now to Kinder Morgan Energy Partners, which is the driving force in the Kinder Morgan story. As you know about 98% to 99% of the cash generated at KMI comes as a result of distributions that come up from KMP. And at KMP, really the story has been, is, always will be about just two things. The first thing is the current cash that we generate which determines the current dividends and secondly it’s about the future growth of the operations which leads to increased cash flow in future years and therefore increased dividends. So I think it’s the right way to look at 2011 is to look at it through those two perspectives and if you do that I think anyway you cut it, 2011 was a very good year. 2012 looks like it’s going to be an even better year. Let me start from the vantage point of the current performance and Kim will give you a lot more details, but we will have distributed $4.61 for 2011 at KMP. That’s up almost 5% from the $4.40 we distributed for 2010. All five of our business segments produced earnings before DD&A in excess of what they produced in 2010 and our total segment earnings before DD&A was up 10% for the full year of 2011 when compared to full year 2010. In terms of distributable cash flow before certain items, we were up 16% in the fourth quarter and 12% for the full year and if you look at it on per unit basis, distributable cash flow per unit which we think is the best way to judge our performance, we were at $4.68 for 2011 versus $4.43 in 2010. That’s an increase of 5.6%. Another way of looking at it, of course markets are what they are, but we had very good returns for our unit holders and shareholders in 2011. KMP produced at an all end return of 29%, KMR 26% and KMI 11% on an annualized basis. So that’s looking at it from a current performance perspective. If you look at it from a future of growth perspective, during 2011 we put $2.6 billion into expansion, JVs and acquisitions. And this is the life blood for growing the company in the future. I think we have tremendous opportunities for future growth in our set of businesses and that opportunity is really pretty diverse in nature. It relates to the continued emergence of natural gas shale plays, together with their associated liquids production. It relates to growth in CO2 demand in the Permian Basin. I’ll talk about that later. We’ve seen an acceleration of that demand over the last several quarters. It relates to the increasing demand for export coal in our Terminals group. And the further mandates for the use of renewable fuels in both our Terminals and Products group. It also results from the opportunity to serve customers who want to export refined products, primarily diesel on the Gulf Coast, from US refineries on the Gulf Coast and to import gasoline into the Northeastern United States as we’ve had a closure of several refineries in that area as all of you know. In fact, I would say that this is the most diverse set of opportunities at any time in Kinder Morgan’s 15-year history. Now let me talk about each business segment and again, looking at it through this twin perspectives of both present performance and future growth. In our Products Pipeline segment for full year 2011, we had good results on our Cochin pipeline and on Plantation and on our West Coast terminals. This was offset somewhat by lower volumes and revenues on our Pacific System and on Central Florida and our CALNEV pipelines. To put that in perspective, for the fourth quarter, refined product volumes were down 2.5% compared to fourth quarter of 2010. For the full year 2011, the volumes were relatively flat for 2010. We always like to compare that with the EIA numbers on a national basis and those EIA members showed a decline of 1.6% in the fourth quarter and 1.3% for the full year. So getting to the point, our pipelines were a little worse than the EIA average in the fourth quarter, a little bit better for the full year. If you look at the full year on our pipelines and break it out by commodity, diesel was actually up 0.4%. Jet fuel was up 4.1%, a pretty positive year and gasoline was off 1.4%. Now still in the Product segment, if you look ahead through the perspective of future growth, we have got a number of important projects in this segment. One of the most important is our new Eagle Ford crude condensate line which will connect the Eagle Ford shale play with the Houston Ship Channel, that’s about a $220 million project. We are under construction. We expect to be in service by July of this year. Connected to that project, we have now announced a $130 million project to build a condensate processing facility or a splitter at our Galena Park facility on the Eastern Ship channel which will be connected to this new Eagle Ford Condensate line. We already have 25,000 barrels per day of capacity being supported by contract with a major oil customer. The operation is expandable to a 100,000 barrels. We are actually now filing for the environmental permits at the 50,000 barrel level which we think is very doable from a demand standpoint and that would turn this $130 million project into roughly a $160 million project and ultimately as I said, the whole thing is expandable to a 100,000 barrels per day. We respect this project to be in service around June of 2014. We also have a new pipeline also costing about $220 million and that's the Parkway pipeline. This is a 136 miles of 16 inch pipe and it will run from Norco, Louisiana up to Collins, Mississippi to connect to a storage drum on our plantation system. We do own 50% of that; Bolero owns the other 50%. The initial capacity is 110,000 barrels per day and again it’s also expandable. In this case up to 200,000 barrels per day and we expect to be in service in mid 2013. Another project that hasn't received a lot of attention but which is imminent is our Cochin EP project. We are spending about $30 million to upgrade existing pipelines in order to facilitate the transportation of EP mix from Conway Sarnia, Ontario and this is providing service to our customer Nova. We expect to be in service on April 1 of this year. And then we have two projects on the West Coast that are fairly significant. One is our Carson-7 project. That's a $77 million project building seven new tanks at our Carson, California terminal. That’s on schedule and budget. We brought the first two tanks online, the remaining five tanks will come online late in 2012 and early 2013. And then our final project is our private Air Force Base storage and pipeline projects, a little short of $50 million in terms of CapEx and we expect to finish that project this quarter, the first quarter of 2012. So that's it on our products’ pipeline segment. In our Natural Gas Pipelines segment of course 2011 was a good year for us; our transportation volumes were up 13%. That’s largely result of our pay will Fayetteville Express project coming online and strong volumes from the Eagle Ford on our Texas Intrastate. Our sales volumes were up 1% for the year. We had strong performance as a result of the KinderHawk and EagleHawk acquisitions and as a result of FEP and Eagle together and the processing spreads on our Casper-Douglas facility in Wyoming and we also had increased volumes on Red Cedar. Those positive results were offset in part by weaker performance on our Kinder Morgan Intrastate Gas Transmission and Trailblazers systems. Now when you look at the future of natural gas and let me just say that all the projects I am talking about today and all the numbers we’re talking about today do not account for any impact from the El Paso acquisition at all. And obviously that’s very relevant for the natural gas segment because when we complete the El Paso acquisition that segment will increase dramatically in size. But without any impact of El Paso and looking at the future at our natural gas facilities we have a number of important projects. First of all our Eagle Ford gathering joint venture with Copano continues to perform very well, we’re starting new contracts. We are increasing deliveries as Eagle Ford for production ramps up. Including our 50% equity interest in this Eagle Ford gathering joint venture and our 25% interest in EagleHawk Field services but excluding the crude and condensate line I referred to earlier, this segment, our natural gas segment has committed approximately $400 million to expansion projects in the Eagle Ford alone. In the Haynesville, on our gathering system mirror, we have signed a new third party contract and we have added new interconnects and trading services, we ended the year averaging about a Bcf a day as we anticipated we would for 2011. The third important project during the quarter in the year we closed one acquisition SouthTex Treaters for $155 million on November 30. SouthTex designs and manufactures natural gas treating plants. They have removed both CO2 and H2S from the gas system. That’s now part of our Kinder Morgan treating operations and that would allow us to offer our customers the option of owning or leasing this equipment. We think that broadens our earnings capability and broadens a service we can provide to our customers. Turning to our CO2 operations for 2011, we had a record year. We were right on plan for earnings before DD&A and slightly above plan, if you look at it on the DCF basis. Now we benefited from higher oil and NGL prices. They ran about $6.00 higher than we had in our plan. And we also benefited from growing production at the Katz field and from some pretty successful effort to manage and reduce our cost across all of our operations. That management effort, they reduced cost more than offset an overall decline in SACROC and Yates production. We also set annual production record just barely in our CO2 source fields in south west Colorado. The major disappointment was that Katz volumes did not live up to what we predicted. That’s our new field which we began flooding at early 2011. To put that in perspective for you, for the full-year 2011, we averaged about 500 barrels a day. For the fourth quarter, we averaged about 1000 barrels a day and so far this quarter we are running at about 1,300 barrels per day. So what we believe is that our response was delayed by about 8 to 12 months beyond what we thought we would get when we originally projected our 2011 budget. But it is now behaving on a ramped up basis as we thought. It’s just coming on later. And when you come to our investor conference later this month, you will see that we’re projecting around 2,300 barrels to little over 2,300 barrels of production on average per day for 2012. So we intend to see or expect to see a nice ramp up during 2012. The big opportunity though in CO2 for the future is satisfying. What’s really turning out to be a very strong demand from our customers in the Permian Basin for more CO2? Now, on previous calls I’ve talked about an opportunity size that would involve adding 200 to 300 million cubic feet a day of production from the source fields that would involve investing, I had said, $1 billion to $1.3 billion of additional capital at good returns. We now think the opportunity is probably a little bigger than that and maybe as much as 400 to 600 million cubic feet a day of additional need for CO2 in the Permian Basin. That would translate an opportunity into opportunities to spend anywhere from $1 billion on the low side of this to $2 billion on the upside in accessing more production from our source fields and in moving that to market in the Permian Basin. Now as we always say at Kinder Morgan, we are only going to do this if we are backed, if that demand is backed by solid contracts from creditworthy companies over extended periods of time and right now that’s looking very good. Tim Bradley will have more to say about that at our investor conference next week but today our board did approve in part an important first step in generating this additional CO2. We approved $255 million project in our Doe Canyon field in Southwest Colorado, which will take production there up from a 105 million cubic feet a day today to a 170 million cubic feet a day. That $255 million will be spent over the next several years and will involve both in pricing and additional wealth. So a lot of opportunity here for real growth at very attractive returns backed by long-term contracts. Turning to our terminal operation, in 2011 we continued to generate strong earnings before DD&A and DCF. I think it is important to note about 70% of that growth or about $40 million was attributable to organic sources as supposed to acquisitions and I know when we talk about that, we think 2% may be a little better in growth from organic sources in Kinder Morgan. People wonder well, where does that come from; 2% of the 2011 numbers would be 60 to 70 million and here we had $40 million of growth in the terminals group alone, from organic sources. Now, where did that growth come from? We had strong growth in coal volume channels. We have been talking about that export coal story now for several quarter, we were up 33% in terms of coal volumes handled in the fourth quarter. More importantly for the full year we were up 20% versus 2010. And our Pier IX facility in Newport News, Virginia set a record; in that one terminal we handled almost 13 million tons of coal. Our steel volumes were also positive for the year, up 18% in the fourth quarter, up 10% for the year. On the liquids terminal side, we had good performance at both our enormous Pasadena terminal here on the Houston Ship Channel and in our Carteret facility in New York Harbor. We also handled 16 million barrels of ethanol in the fourth quarter. That was up 17% from the fourth quarter of 2010. For the full year, our ethanol volumes were up 5%. If you look at Kinder Morgan including the products segment, we still are handling about 30% of all the ethanol used in the United States. Now in our Terminals Group, we had an unusually large number of new commercial contracts signed which will lead over the next few years to some pretty important new projects. Our capital budget there for expansion CapEx is over $400 million for 2012 and in fact we have, based on commercial contracts signed specifically in 2011, we now have budgeted over $850 million in CapEx in the terminals projects over the next couple of years ’12 and ’13 and the first quarter of ’14 to be specific on projects that were locked in for certain contracts that we’re done during 2011. So coming back to this perspective of looking at what did we accomplished from a future growth standpoint? The terminals had a tremendous year in 2011. First of all, the BOSTCO project, which probably the largest single project that we entered into. In December, we purchased TransMontaigne’s 50% interest, so we now own 98% of this $430 million project on the Houston Ship Channel. And now let me remind you that as we previously said, and TransMontaigne has previously said, we have made that purchase; they do have certain rights to repurchase for a one year period; so between now and January of next year. But right now, we own 98% of the project. This first phase of that project will involve 52 storage tanks with the capacity of 6.6 million barrels; we’re handling residual fuel, distillates and other black oils. We have terminal service contracts or LOIs for all of that capacity. Eventually, we see this terminal because of its location and the draft adjacent to this terminal. We see this as an important cog in the ability of Houston Ship Channel refiners to export refined products given the advantageous location and depth of water. The construction on this project started in December of 2011. Another major project that we announced during 2011 was the Edmonton South Terminal. This is roughly a $210 million project at Edmonton Alberta. It involves building 2.4 million barrels of capacity for storage of crude oil and condensate. And our Trans Mountain Terminal has access right into our Trans Mountain Pipeline that runs across the Rockies and down into Vancouver and Washington State. We’ll start construction on this in early this year and we expect to have it in service late in 2013. Now this is another project that anticipate will be scaled up over the next few years. We will eventually on that site build up to 6 million barrels in two additional phases. What this does for our customers, who are primarily oil sands producers and marketers, is it gives them additional optionality to use the oil sands production as that production expands and as crude oil pricing and differentials continue to remain extremely volatile as they have over the past several months. We also will continue to expand our capacity for export coal at both IMT on Mississippi River, in Houston and eventually on some of our terminals on the East Coast; so a lot of opportunities for upside in our Terminals Group over the next few years. In Kinder Morgan Canada, we had a good year in 2011 as refiners in Washington State wanted access to cheap oil sands production and the oil sands producers wanted to move more barrels over our dock in Vancouver, British Columbia. We expect that demand growth to continue; for that reason we are in the midst of an open season on an expansion to Trans Mountain. At the customer’s request, we extended that open season until mid-February and again we will proceed only if we have adequate binding commitments from customers to go forward. But we do see this as a tremendous opportunity in the future. So all-in-all, we think we had a very good 2011 and we’ve build tremendous opportunities for 2012 and beyond. We expect to declare $4.98 in distribution for 2012 and to have excess coverage on top of that of about $70 million. In addition, I’ll remind you that we said before the El Paso merger was announced, that we thought for the next several years, we could grow KMP at 5% which would lead to 10% growth at KMI. Post El Paso, we believe that we can grow at 7% at KMP and about 12% at KMI. But it’s important to note that all the numbers I’ve given to you again are pre-El Paso and we’ve well exceeded the 5% and 10% growth numbers that we talked about previously for growth at KMP and KMI respectively. So we have good strong cash flow, very good growth opportunities for the future. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Kim.
Kim Dang: Okay. If you turn to the first page, its numbers entitles the consolidated statement of income. I am not going to spend much time on this page, but just looking down, about 80% down the page, there is declared distribution per unit. We are declaring a distribution today at KMP of $1.16 per unit. That compares to a $1.13 last year and that’s up $0.03 quarter-to-quarter or about 3% growth. For the year, we have declared $4.61. That compares to 2010 of $4.40. That’s $0.21 per unit increase or almost a 5% increase. The $4.61 is also a $0.01 above our 2011 budget. With that, I’ll turn to the second page of numbers called the contribution by business segments. Looking four lines from the bottom, the DCF before certain items for the fourth quarter in 2011 $425 million of DCF before certain items that compares to 2010 of $366 million, $59 million increase or about 16%. For the year, 1.5 billion to 5 billion; that compares to 1.36 billion in 2010; that’s a $165 million increase or about 12% versus our budget, the 1.5 billion to 5 billion. We are up about $11 million versus our budget. If you look at what that translates into in terms of DCF per unit, that’s a $1.27 per unit which is about 8.5% growth versus last year for the quarter and for the year $4.68 per unit which is growth of almost 6%. Our coverage, that was in excess coverage for the quarter of about $37 million. For the year, about $21 million and versus our budget we’re about $70 million below our budget with respect to coverage. But let me just give you an overall view versus our budget. The segments ended up largely inline with their budget; interest was favorable about a little over $25 million; sustaining CapEx was positive versus our budget about $13 million. The total DCF available for distribution to our Limited Partners and our General Partners were up about $38 million versus our budget. Our GP; we paid our GP about $27 million more than we budgeted. That was a function of incremental units that we issued during the year; about $5 million primarily associated with KinderHawk and the $0.01 that we increased the distribution. So that leaves us with LC DCF versus our budget, about $11 million above our budget; then we also paid our Limited Partners about $26 million more, again because we increased the distribution above our budget and also because we had incremental units outstanding. And so that leaves us at about $16 million of lower coverage than what we budgeted. Now if you adjust for Canadian tax refund that we expected to receive in 2011 that we did not receive in 2011, but we received notification that we will receive in 2012 and it is not included in our 2012 budget that we will go through next week. You add back that $6 million and you adjust for the incremental penny that was not in our budget, that's another roughly $6 million and you are within a few million dollars of our budget on coverage. With that looking back up at the lines above the DCF before certain items, you look at book cash taxes, net $7.9 million in the quarter, $5 million last year, up $2.9 million. For the year $27 million versus $26 million last year, so up about a $1 million. For the year versus our budget, down about $10.9 million, but I think the key here is and what's important is really the cash taxes because all we are doing is adding back the book taxes. So the book taxes have no impact and then subtracting out the cash taxes. Absent the Canadian tax refunds, the cash taxes were on budget for the year. Express, Endeavor and Eagle Ford contributions, these are adjustments that we make for investments that we have where the cash that we received doesn't track net income plus JV DD&A less our share sustaining CapEx, $7 million in the quarter, $2 million last year up $5 million, for the 12 months $15 million versus $5 million last year. So up $10 million and up about $8 million over our budget. We received incremental distributions from all three of these investments versus our budget. Looking at sustaining CapEx, $72 million for the quarter, $58 million in the fourth quarter of last year, that's about $14 million increase in sustaining CapEx, $212 million for the year, that compares to $179 million last year, so up about $33 million versus last year, but actually about $13 million positive versus our budget. The $13 million versus our budget really breaks down into two pieces. Five is really lower capitalized overheads, basically our capitalized overhead rate is based on our total spending, our total expansion and sustaining capital. Our expansion capital increased significantly, so that rate came down but our sustaining capital was flat. So a lot of it is a function of capitalized overhead versus any changes in the segment spending. $8 million is associated with the segment spending and that’s really at CO2, about half of that we didn’t have to do a power plant, overhaul the turbine for the flat power plant in CO2. And the other half is some non-safety, non-integrity deferrals. Now looking up at the segments and seeing what drove the growth, products pipeline, a $161 million in the quarter versus a $171 million last year or about $10 million down this year. That compares to $694 million for the full year versus $688 million last year, that’s up about $7 million. Products came in about $36 million lower than its budget or about 5% and if you cut through it all, it is primarily SFPP. We had some ups and down on you know the different assets within the segment. And SFPP was largely associated with three things. With deferred rate case, rate cases and the lower rates that we implemented there with an adverse decision with respect to [UPR] right away cost, so increased right away cost and then lower volumes than what we budgeted. Natural gas, in the fourth quarter $290 million versus $243 million a year ago, that’s up $47 million or 19%. For the 12 months, $951 million versus $836 million a year ago, up a $115 million or 14%. Natural gas was about 5% above this budget and that is largely a function of the KinderHawk acquisition, actually the KinderHawk acquisition contributes more than what they were above their budget and then we have some offsets primarily with some higher integrity spending on the Texas intrastate and lower fuel charges or collections on KMI and Trailblazer. Upstream was also up nicely for the year from higher processing margins and higher gathering volumes. CO2 in the quarter, $281 million versus $242 million a year ago, up $39 million or 16% for the year, $1.093 billion, that compares to $960 million a year ago or up $133 million or 14%. CO2 was really on its budget. In reality it was slightly below its budget on earnings before DD&A and slightly above its budget on a DCF basis. That primarily was driven by, SACROC was above its budget as a result of higher price and lower OpEx and that was offset somewhat by lower volumes than what we budgeted. And then Katz and Eastern Shelf had lower volumes than what we budgeted. Yates & S&T were on their budget. Terminal Segment, a $184 million in the third quarter, on the fourth quarter, a $173 million a year ago, up $12 million or 7%. For the year, $701 million versus $647 million a year ago, up $55 million or 8%. Terminal was about 2% below its budget. That was a function of higher fuel costs, timing on acquisitions versus our budget. Some of the acquisitions that we did happened later in the year than what we had originally thought. It is lower transload volumes, primarily ethanol in our material handling business, primarily as it lost some market share to unit trains. And then we had a steel mill that we served that was down for an extended period of time. Kinder Morgan Canada for the quarter, $51 million versus $49 million a year ago, up $2 million or 4%. For the year, a $199 million versus a $182 million a year-ago, up 17% or 9%. For the year, Kinder Morgan Canada was about 3% above its budget and that was a function of FX, the implementation of a neutral settlement and then higher domestic volumes on our Express Platte pipelines. Dropping down, about half way down the page to the G&A which you will see below the segment earnings contribution. G&A for the quarter, $86 million versus $87 million a year ago, still about a $1 million decrease. For the year, $388 million versus $375 million a year ago, still up about $13 million versus a year ago. The full-year number is up versus last year primarily due to a higher benefit. But it is right on top of our budget. Interest expense which is the next line, a $137 million in the quarter, a $132 million a year ago, that is increased expense of about $5 million year-to-year or quarter-to-quarter. For the year, it is up about $25 million and versus our budget as I mentioned earlier, it is about $28 million above our budget. Now dropping down to the certain items, there are a couple that I will mention to you, most of them are relatively small this quarter, total certain items in the quarter, about $12.5 million, $3.8 million is associated with some higher environmental reserves that we took during the quarter. $5.2 million is associated with market-to-market on our CO2 hedges and then you can see in the footnotes down there, we continue to recognize those in the quarter as we settle those hedges and don’t mark them to market prior to that time up in the segment. Insurance deductible casualty losses and reimbursement, that’s associated with a small fire that we had on our Total petcoke facility. For the year, certain items $491 million, the largest certain items, $82 million associated with allocated non-cash compensation. This is a $100 million pool that was paid by our shareholders, but GAAP requires us to allocate these cost to KMP. We have talked about this in our prior quarter. KMP has not and will not pay anything associated with this (inaudible) program. Rate case reserves $235 million and we’ve discussed those in prior quarters and the KinderHawk asset write-off of a $167 million, that we have also discussed in prior quarters. So with that I will move to the balance sheet. Just two items to note on the balance sheet. You can see on cash and cash equivalent, we are up about $280 million from year end 2010 to year end 2011. A reasonable portion of that is associated with Dock premiums that we receive on our Canadian Westridge Dock and this is shipped on our Trans Mountain pipeline to pay a premium in order to get access to that Dock and then we actually refund those amounts over a three to five year timeframe. The other thing I’d point out is on notes payable and current maturities of long-term debt. The $2.138 billion at 12/31/11 includes $500 million of 9% put bond. The timeframe with respect to the bondholder’s right to put those to us has expired and so only $50,000 worth of these bonds were put in our K. We will move the balance of that to long-term. Looking down at the debt balance $12.4 billion at the end of the year that compares to about $11.4 billion at the end of last year, a $979 million increase for the year and about a $153 million increase in the quarter. For the quarter we had uses of a little over $600 million. That was about $290 million in CapEx, about $250 million in acquisitions. The largest acquisitions were SouthTex for $155 million, Watco for $50 million and then our purchase of Trans Mountain interest in the Bosco terminal for $30 million. Contributions to equity investments was about $75 million, primarily associated with our joint venture in the Eagle Ford with Copano and with our 25% interest in the Eagle Ford with BHP. Equity issuance for the quarter was over $250 million and that was about 145 million through our KMP at-the-market program and than 109 on our KMR dividend.  Working capital was a little bit over 200 million during the quarter. The largest piece of it during the quarter is really accrued interest. We typically paid most of our interest payment comp in the first and the third quarter. The Dock premiums as I mentioned we’ve receive a fair amount of Dock premiums during the fourth quarter. AP and AR was a source of cash of $30 million. We also had excess coverage as I mentioned earlier of 37 million and uses offsetting that, was gas and storage and [cash flows over draft]. For the year the change in debt $979 million. The uses were just about 2.76 billion, was about 987 million in CapEx a billion to 1.24 billion and acquisitions. In addition to the one time mentioned in the quarter for the year. We also have the KinderHawk acquisition for 912 million, 371 million in contributions equity investment, the largest one was the contribution to FEP. Then we also paid off some $77 million of incremental debt when we brought KinderHawk on to our balance sheet. We paid $81 million in CPC and perk settlement. We issued about $1.42 billion in equity between KMP and KMR and then we settled an interest rate swap, which were a source of cash at $73 million. We sold a small terminal on the Netherlands, which is a source of $16 million and the working capital and other items were a source of cash of $271 million. For the year the sources of working capital, primarily the Dock premiums, coverage. We also had distributions from equity investments in excess of what we reflect in our DCF and then we had a loan to plantation which they repaid. That results in a DEBT to EBITDA for the end of the year up 3.6 times. On the third quarter call I had said that we would end the year at about 3.7 times. We did a little bit better than that given the incremental equity that we issued in November and December that we hadn’t contemplated at the end of the third quarter and then also some of the cash that we received associated with the dock premiums. So, that’s KMP looking at KMI, but the first case of numbers in your package you’ll see excluding the interim capital transaction and that relates to a one-time item that we had in 2010. And so we provide this because this is what is going to appear in the 10-K. But we don’t think this is a real way to look at our business and we would be happy to if it shows 28% growth for the year but we think the more appropriate way to look at our business is to adjust for that one-time item in 2010. And so looking at the second page which excludes the ITT, this is what we are going to focus on. Now with respect to the numbers presented on this page. This is represented on the page. And so what we are looking at for the fourth quarter is what KMI received from KMP in the fourth quarter, based on the dividend that KMP declared for the third quarter of last year. So, we’re looking at, that’s the cash generated and then we are comparing that to the dividend that KMI paid during the fourth quarter, which would be $0.30 and that is in contrast to the dividend that we’re declaring today of $0.31. Going forward, we will switch to a declared basis in order to be consistent with KMP. But looking at cash available to pay dividends, $243 million in the quarter versus $233 million a year ago, up 20 million or 9%. For the year, 835 million versus 763 million a year ago or up $72 million or 9%. The 835 million was the cash available. We also paid out 835 million, which is a $1.18 that was already paid. $1.18 as Rich mentioned earlier, compares to our budget of $1.16 and so we exceeded our budget by $0.02. Today what we are declaring is $0.31 a share. So, another reason that we’re making the switch from paid basis to declared basis is so that people can see, so that we can present for people, the numbers that we are basing the dividend that we’re declaring on. And so, just to switch 2011 to a declared basis, cash available to pay dividend, if you presented it on a declared basis, would be $866 million. Dividends paid and that includes obviously the $0.31 or dividends declared using the 31 [Technical Difficulty] of excess coverage for the year looking at 2011 on a declared basis and given the $0.31 that we are declaring today.  Now looking at what drove the growth in the year, if you look up about four lines from the top of the page, total KMP distribution were up $361 million in the quarter versus $315 million last year, $36 million increase or 11%. For the year $1.349 billion versus $1.202 billion a year ago, a $148 million increase or a 12% increase. That’s the $1.349 billion is about $19 million over our budget, primarily driven by the incremental amount that we received on the GP interest as a function of more units outstanding versus our budgets and the penny increase in the distribution. NGPL, the next line item, NGPL cash available for distribution to us. You will see that we switched that from the prior quarter when we previously showed dividends paid to us given that we owed only 20% of this investment, we cannot control what they declare or what dividend out. But the cash is there. So what we are presenting is net income, actually pretax income plus DD&A, less cash taxes less sustaining cash balance. So we are presenting the cash that is actually generated by this entity given that we can’t control the difference, $7.6 million in the quarter versus zero last year up $10.6 million for the year, $30.3 million versus $34.7 million a year ago, down $4.4 million and down about $3 million versus our budget and that's just a function of lower transport margin and LPS on GPL. G&A expense, basically up $3.5 million versus the fourth quarter last year, up $12.8 million versus for a year ago, versus a year ago and within about $2 million of our budget. Interest expense, $5.6 million in the quarter versus $5 million a year ago, basically flat, up slightly which has to do with slightly higher balance and for the year up $8.3 million and slightly positive versus our budget. Cash taxes, $22.7 million, higher in the quarter versus a year ago and $49.7 million higher for the year right on top of our budget. They are higher versus a year ago due to the higher income. So with that for KMI, I will turn to the balance sheet. Looking at KMI’s debt on the balance sheet, $3.236 billion as of 12/31 of ’11 versus $3.195 billion versus at 12/31 of ’10, so up about $41 million for the year, up $44 million for the quarter and let me just go through a quick reconciliation on that. For the quarter, we had $243 million available to pay dividends. We paid dividends of $212 million. We also had a use of cash to pay El Paso financing fees of $56 million and then we had some items associated within GPL that were about $18 million. The metrics that we show versus the distributions that we actually received were about $9 million lower. And then NGPL actually reimbursed that from G&A in early January versus by the end of the year. For the year, $41 million increase in debt; $835 million in cash available to pay dividends. $771 million in dividends paid. $64 million went out on a $100 million pool, when you add the $771 million of the dividends and the $64 million, that’s $835 million so that’s the $835 million that we referred to as paying in dividends, because our shareholders actually paid for the $100 million bonus pool. The MBO settlement was a positive $29 million after-tax. KMR which we elected not to sell at the end of the year, you need to subtract $46 million, because we include that benefit in our metric; $56 million went out on the El Paso financing fees. We got about $69 million in tax refunds that were associated with one-time items and then $18 million that I mentioned on NGPL were the same for the year as they were in the quarter. That leaves us at 2.4 times on debt to distribution proceed; so a very strong balance sheet.
Rich Kinder: Alright. Okay, Kim thank you and Erin we’ll take any questions that our guests may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from Gabe Moreen with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
Gabe Moreen - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Good. I look forward to seeing everyone next week so we can ask more questions there but two questions if I could. One, I don’t know if Kim touched on it, but just the REX tax settlement; I was wondering if that was material for the quarter if that’s more of just an ongoing thing?
Kim Dang: It’s about $8 million in the quarter and yes it will have a favorable impact on our 2012 budget as well.
Gabe Moreen - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: And then not to purse first earnings press release is too much, but just in terms of volumes at KinderHawk and what they are doing sequentially. I guess maybe if you can talk a little bit about your outlook for volumes there; what they have been doing lately, maybe also where they stand relative to them, contractual minimum commitments and then just may be also how material that third-party commit to you got in KinderHawk to prove to?
Rich Kinder: Well, the third party commitment is important in the terms of third party volumes, obviously still the great bulk of volumes are coming from now BHP. We averaged around a Bcf a day for the year 2011 in our budget and we’ll discuss more of this next week in our budget for this coming year in 2012, Tom we expect about, average about 1.2. And that’s based on the latest intelligence we have from both our third party customers and BHP. So that kind of gives you an idea of what we did in 2011 and what we expect to do in 2012.
Operator: Next we have Brian Zarahn with Barclays Capital.
Brian Zarahn - Barclays Capital: A little bit on BOSTCO, can you talk a little about the potential scale of that terminal and also the competitive dynamics in the region?
Rich Kinder: Well, first of all, the way with the ship channel of course, this is absolutely prime location in terms of how far down the channel it is and the draft there. So we think it has inherent compelling advantages and I think that the real proof of that is that we’ve signed either terminal service agreements or we have LOIs for actually all of that capacity and a little more. And we think eventually, we will be available to expand that with a second dock and with additional tank and again eventually we think that would connect back to our Galena Park and Pasadena terminals and we will actually be able to move a variety of products down there. Again, I think I’ve said this before, but I know I’ve said it earlier today that we believe that in the Gulf Coast, you have significant additional U.S. refining capacity being built. There will not be a demand for all of that production and we think that a good bit of it, particularly diesel will actually get exported particularly to South America, and if you believe that, Houston and Port Arthur and Beaumont are ideal areas to structure some facility to handle export volumes and that’s essentially what we’re doing. On the other hand, we’ve got some major expansions on our Carteret facility, all subject to long-term contracts in New York Harbor. While that capacity is being utilized by our customers who are actually importing primarily gasoline into the U.S. Northeast to replace volumes that are no longer there because refineries in the Northeast were closed. So long-term, we think BOSTCO could become a much larger facility, I don’t think Jeff is in the room, but we have a lot of excess acreage here that allows us to build out significant additional storage beyond the 6.6 million barrels.
Brian Zarahn - Barclays Capital: In terms of the average contract life you talked a little bit about that what you expect of BOSTCO will be inline with your other liquids terminals?
Rich Kinder: Yeah I think so may be even just have along, inline with our other liquids terminals.
Brian Zarahn - Barclays Capital: And a final question from me, can you talk a little bit more about the rail opportunities you see in 2012?
Rich Kinder: I am sorry, the rail opportunities?
Brian Zarahn - Barclays Capital: Yes, Watco and other….
Rich Kinder: Yeah, we made another preferred investment with Watco which is part of our original arrangement with them and we think there are going to be additional opportunities. Now clearly the fact that pipeline capacity is being built out of Cushing down to the Gulf Coast I think makes rail opportunities out of Cushing more difficult to put together on any kind of termed up basis then was the case before that reversal was announced. But we continue to look at opportunities and again and directly through our preferred investment in this short line rail road Watco, we’re getting some of that exposure; but we don’t have anything further to say about new opportunities right now.
Operator: Next we have Darren Horowitz with Raymond James.
Darren Horowitz - Raymond James: A couple of quick questions for you and on the CO2 side of business I realize Tim’s going to go through this next week, but just from a big picture perspective, aside from the CapEx that you outlined regarding the transport portion of CO2, from a production standpoint, how are guys thinking about the balance of maintenance versus growth CapEx for 2012? And what I am really trying to get a rough idea of is your returns on each incremental dollar that’s invested to grow 2012 production minus what you can do on the cost cutting line?
Rich Kinder: Tim, you want to answer that?
Tim Bradley: If I understand the question right, what’s the trade off between growing our distributable cash flow through investments versus cost cutting; and I think the profound leverage is on the investment side. With that investment, our production will ultimately decline and growing that production or at least stabilizing that production is a much bigger impact on what we can save by cutting costs. Is that what you are aiming at?
Darren Horowitz - Raymond James: Yeah, that’s exactly. Tim is it possible at this point to just put some rough numbers around it?
Tim Bradley: We are going to go over some details next week at the conference. I guess I can cover the cost cutting as well as the investment program at that point in time and probably answer more detailed questions there.
Darren Horowitz - Raymond James: Last question from me Rich, just kind of again a big picture question. As it relates to the Bakken, within product pipes how do you guys think about moving Bakken barrels either on Cochin or of course within KM Canada possibly converting a portion of Platte and accessing that point at Guernsey to take barrels down to Wood River?
Rich Kinder: Well, we continue to look at both those options. There is clearly a need for more transportation at the Bakken and of course our missing volumes on Platte are consistently running full. So we’re looking at a couple of different things and as you know we’ve talked about converting a part of KMI what we call the Pony Line to back to oil. We’ve had some good interest in that, not prepared yet to sale; that’s ease across nice and dotted and so there is a lot of different opportunities on Cochin or doing something by converting Pony I think would be the two most likely ways we would take advantage of it. But clearly, the demand there is a question of what’s the best way to solve it and that’s where we’re looking at right now.
Operator: And next we have Bradley Olsen with Tudor Pickering.
Bradley Olsen - Tudor Pickering: A couple of questions on the product pipeline side of things. The condensate processing project that you guys have announced; just trying to understand may be potential for growth in that project; is the market opportunity there really to basically find the best end use for condensate coming out of the Eagle Ford given that high complexity refineries on the Golf Coast may be can’t effectively use all that Eagle Ford crude?
Rich Kinder: Yeah, I think that’s a good summation and of course that’s why the nature of the commitment and in this case we already have 25,000 barrels a day committed is very important because that commitment will basically determine how we run it in terms of what products we produce. As we’ve said further, just all kinds of opportunities there you know one that several people have talked about which is a possibilities sounds sort of strange from a geographic location standpoint, but the possibility that some of this could be converted of doing with and given the back that there is a not as much demand on some of this pipelines going from North to South to move it up, for example explore we can move it into Cochin or Southern lines or some place else and get it all the way back to Canada. And there are actually now Canadian producers down here looking at that kind of opportunity and a lot of other opportunities. But you’re right; I mean the idea will be to maximize the diversity of the utilization of that condensate coming in from the Eagle Ford. So we think it’s and I think the time has come and again, we are actually applying this month for our environmental permits and we are doing at 50,000 barrels per day because we think that’s probably where we will end up and then we will have the expandability up to a 100,000 barrels a day. I think it’s kind of unlikely we will be at there, be at that point the startup that we will have, fairly cheap or fairly reasonable expandability up to 100,000 barrels a day.
Darren Horowitz - Raymond James: Okay, great. And when you, when that processing facility converts Eagle Ford crude into those very light end products, do those products that the processing facility will be creating, are those products subject to any kind of export restrictions the way that crude oil is off the Gulf Coast?
Tim Bradley: And you know it is condensate that we are sliding and not crude and my understanding is for the most part, no.
Darren Horowitz - Raymond James: Okay, great. And another question on the product pipeline side of things, the Cochin project to deliver ethane-propane mix to Sarnia. Any comments just on what the type of volumes that Sarnia can take down of that EP mix and I guess, kind of looking forward is there opportunities for growth as may be some heavy oil crackers in Sarnia convert to an EP feedstock.
Rich Kinder: Yeah, it’s a little beyond my knowledge base. We have a count as we like to do, we left somebody else to take those important issues. But we have a contract with Nova, it’s a three year contract for certain amount of volumes and that’s up to them and clearly as everybody knows some of that demand at Sarnia, a large portion of those is eventually going to be serviced from the Marcellus. But for the next three years anyway, Nova is interested in moving volumes up there and so, we will just see what happens after that.
Darren Horowitz - Raymond James: And those are going to be Marcellus sourced EP volumes?
Rich Kinder: No, they are going to use a Conway sourced volumes.
Darren Horowitz - Raymond James: Okay, Conway and just one final question. You mentioned turning the Pony line on KMI to potentially to oil service. And I guess, as you think towards the future and think towards the KMI pro forma for the El Paso acquisition. Is there any potential to move hypothetically of a pipeline were to be, I guess, if you were to be asked by the regulatory agencies to divest of a pipeline. Do you think it would be something that could be a possibility just to convert a gas pipeline to a crude oil or some other kind of hydrocarbon service in order to avoid anti-trust issues?
Rich Kinder: That just is a pure speculation. At this point we’re just engaged and the FDC now looking at alternatives. So, that’d be pretty mature to answer that.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue.
Rich Kinder: Okay, thank you very much Erin and thanks all of you for calling in and we’ll see most of you next week.
Operator: Thank you for your participation on today’s call. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-19 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Rick Kinder – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Kim Dang – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Brian Zarahn – Barclays Capital Paul Jacob – Raymond James
Operator: Welcome to the quarterly earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Today’s conference is being recorded. If there are any objections, please disconnect at this time. I’d now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rick Kinder, Chairman and CEO of Kinder Morgan.
Rick Kinder – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, thank you Dory and welcome to the Kinder Morgan’s third quarter earnings call. We’ll be covering our results for the quarter at KMP which is one of America’s largest MLPs and also at KMI which owns the general partner of KMP and is also an owner of significant units at KMP and also the 20% interest in Natural Gas Pipeline of America. As usual, we’ll be making statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. I’ll give an overview of the quarter. Kim Dang, our Chief Financial Officer will give details on the numbers and then we’ll take in all questions that you may have. If the format of this call seems a little different or discombobulated, it’s because as a result of the El Paso announcement Kim and I are actually in Boston Park who is on the phone is in Los Angeles and Steve Kean and the rest of management team are at Houston. All three locations have access to the phone, so we will try to answer any questions that you may have and you have everybody’s expertise or like. First let me turn to KMI, we declared a quarterly dividend of $0.30 or $1.20 annualized run rate. That means we are on track to pay a $1.18 for 2011 and I’ll remind you that bursts the target of $1.16 that we announced during the IPO road show back in February. As we announced Sunday afternoon, KMI and El Paso Corp have entered into a definitive agreement, whereby KMI will acquire all the outstanding shares of El Paso. This transaction will create the largest midstream and the fourth largest energy company in North America. As we said in our conference call on Monday morning, assuming that that merger closes on January 1, 2012, we would expect dividends per share for 2012 at KMI to be about $1.45 that increased from the $1.18 in 2011 results from strong internal growth that we would get regardless of the El Paso merger and from the impact of the merger. Since we don’t expect the merger to close until the second quarter, the actual dividend payment for 2012 will likely be a few cents smaller than the $1.45, I described. With that let me turn to KMP. At KMP, the board increased the quarterly cash distribution per common unit to $1.16 or $4.64 annualized. That distribution represents a 5% increase over the third quarter 2010 cash distribution. In my judgment, KMP had a very good third quarter with all five of our business segments producing higher segment earnings before DD&A than during the same period last year. We now expect to exceed our previously announced 2011 budget at KMP for cash distributions of $4.60 per unit. We are seeing really good growth opportunities in the midstream energy sector, particularly in the natural gas shale plays and in the coal export business over in our terminal segment. Distributable cash flow per unit at KMP before certain items was a $1.19 compared to $1.02 for the third quarter last year and also above our plan for the third quarter of this year. Now let me turn to the segments. I will start with the products pipeline segment. The growth there was driven by higher volumes on the Cochin pipeline system due to increased demand for both terminal and storage deliveries. Plantation Pipe Line also had higher revenues and increased gasoline and jet fuel volumes, and the Southeast and West Coast terminals also produced better results than in the comparable period last year. That said, total refined products volumes on our systems decreased by 0.4% for the third quarter versus the same period last year, pipeline volumes were up on Calnev and Plantation, but down on Pacific and Central Florida. To put that in perspective, as we always do we compare that to the EIA national figures, which for the third quarter of 2011 showed a decline of 2%. So, we showed a 0.4% and they showed a 2%. So, we were a bit better than the national average, but still somewhat disappointing that the absolute volumes of refined products deteriorated from the year ago in the third quarter. NGL volumes on the other hand were up by 14% versus the same period last year due to the strong performance at Cochin and our ethanol volumes were also up in the segment and in our products pipeline segment we handled 8 million barrels of ethanol that was up 6% from last year, and we continue to realized solid growth in the biodiesel barrels that we are handling in our products pipeline segment. Turning to our natural gas segment, the natural gas pipeline segment, growth in the third quarter was driven primarily by contributions from the KinderHawk acquisition, the Fayetteville Express Pipeline coming on full service on January 1st of this year by good results on the Texas intrastate system, which largely reflected better processing margins and very good results from our Eagle Ford joint venture and then for higher Casper-Douglas processing margins. If you look at volumes on our natural gas pipeline, overall segment transport volumes were up 12% in the third quarter versus the same period last year due to the Fayetteville Express Pipeline coming online and due to solid transport volumes on our Texas intrastate pipeline system. Moving on to the CO2 business growth in the third quarter compared to the same period last year was attributable to higher oil prices and higher NGL prices and our net crude volumes are relatively flat quarter-to-quarter. The realized weighted average oil price was almost $11 per barrel higher than it was in the comparable period last year. If you look at the oil production in the segment for the third quarter, oil production was up slightly at SACROC. It was up at Katz, but it was down at Yates. But when you take into account, our net volumes we were approximately flat in terms of total barrels net to KMP. The production response at Katz is improving. During the third quarter it had a substantial uptick from the second quarter. Its averaging over 800 barrels per day in October and this week just a couple of days ago we crossed the 1,000 barrel number for a given day for the first time. So, this looks like we are getting the kind of response that Tim Brad and his team predicted, we would get it just came a little latter. Another positive development in the CO2 operation is that our Snyder Gasoline Plant set a quarterly NGO production record producing gross volumes of almost 17,000 barrels per day.  Turning to our Terminals business, the growth there about 3 quarters of it came from organic sources when you compare to the third quarter of last year and the remainder came from acquisitions. The internal growth was led by higher export coal volumes at Pier IX, Virginia and at our facilities at Huston. And our coal volumes handled across the company increased by a really stupendous 23%, compared to the third quarter of 2010.  Also for the third quarter, this segment handled 15.5 million barrels of ethanol up 10% from the comparable period last year. So if you can buy the terminals and products pipelines, in terms of how much ethanol was handled, we handled 23.5 million barrels in the third quarter of ’11 versus, 21.7 million barrels in the third quarter of 10. So we continue to handle approximately 30% of all the ethanol used in the United States.  At our Kinder Morgan Canada segment, the growth there in the third quarter compared to same period last year was attributable to the new toll agreement on our Trans Mountain pipeline system and to the strength of the Canadian dollar.  Now, before I turn it over to Kim, let me just also mention several important developments which occurred during the third quarter. We detailed a lot of developments in our release, but I’ll just mention some of the most important.  And again, starting with the products pipeline segment, during the quarter, actually mid September, KMP and Valero announced we would build a 220 million pipeline to expand the fuel supply of refined petroleum products through South Eastern U.S. We are calling it Parkway Pipeline and it will have an initial capacity of 110,000 barrels per day, with the ability to expand over 200,000 barrels per. It’s a 136 miles long, 16 inch pipe. We will move gasoline, jet fuel and diesel from refineries in the North Louisiana area to an existing petroleum hub owned by plantation pipeline at Collins, Mississippi.  The project supported by long-term throughput agreement and we expect it to be accretive to cash available through KMP unit holders upon its completion. It should be in service by mid year 2013.  In our natural gas pipeline segment, certainly the developments in the Eagle Ford continue to be really doing very well. Eagle Ford Gathering which is a joint venture between ourselves and Copano Energy in South Texas, initiated flow on our rich gas gathering system on August 1.  Currently the joint venture expects to have about 400 miles of pipelines with capacity together and process over 700 million cubic feet per day, by early 2012. If you include 50% interest in the joint venture, but not including the crude condensate line, our natural gas pipeline segment has committed about $200 million to expansion projects in the Eagle Ford Shale play. And we continue to make progress on our straight Condensate line which we expect to go and service in mid 2012, that will actually be a part of our products pipeline segment. In the CO2 segment, the most important development there remains the really strong demand for CO2 for enhanced oil recovery. And in consequence of that, we have undertaken additional engineering and design studies to identify additional CO2 supply and transportation expansion opportunities in Southwest Colorado and on the lines coming down to the Permian Basin. As I have said before, the outlook looks very positive. We should have some significant progress in this front over the next several months.  Turning to terminals, KMP we continue to see a very good coal handling opportunities especially for export. We entered into a long-term agreement with Progress Energy, during the quarter to handle up to 4 million tons of coal a year at our IMP terminal in Louisiana.  Under that contract terminal services are already started and we and our partner in that terminal AEP will be investing about a $111 million to expand and upgrade that terminal to handle this contract and other increased needs to export domestic coal at that particular terminal which is located south of New Orleans on the Mississippi River. KMP also continues to experience strong demand to handle export growth and we expect to enter into additional contracts in the fourth quarter, which are likely the result in over $200 million of additional CapEx spent on coal handling specialties at KMP. So, you added all up by said the couple of quarters ago, I expected we would spend an excess of $0.5 billion over the next couple of years for expansion of coal handling specialties primarily for the export market and it looks like we are going to hit that number a very squarely and may be even do a little better than we thought. Also in the terminal segment, our quarter at New Jersey facility has completed phasing in over 1 million barrels of additional gasoline storage as a part of the completion of a $62 million expansion project, all of that capacity is under a long run tenure contract to a major oil company. Kinder Morgan Canada lasts, but not least starting tomorrow, we will begin a public open season from August 20th ending January 19th, 2002 to assess shipper interest to expand the pipeline. The current capacity on Trans Mountain is 300,000 barrels per day and on most days, it’s running completely full. Now this could be a very major project we shared some of the details virtually in the past, but I would cautioned that is usual at Kinder Morgan, we will built only if we have customer support for the project and we’ll know more about that in the early 2012. So summing it all up, I think we had a very good third quarter again all segments beat the results they had in the third quarter a year ago and our DCF per unit before certain items was nicely in excess of our plan for this quarter. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Kim to take you through the financials.
Kim Dang – Chief Financial Officer: Okay, thanks Rick. We’ll start on KMP and the first page which is the GAAP income statement. Here I’m just going to talk about the declare distribution so look almost 80% the way down the page is the declared distribution per unit. As Rick said we are declaring a $1.16 for the quarter that is a penny above our budget and therefore we expect for the full year to exceed this $4.60 that we budgeted for the year. Versus 2010 that’s about $0.05 increase or about 5% exchange over the quarter a year ago. Year-to-date, $3.45 in declared distributions versus $3.27 in 2010 year-to-date that’s $0.18 increase or about 5.5% increase in the declared distribution. Turning to the second page and looking down to the next last numbers line to the DCF per unit before certain items, a $1.19 in the quarter as Rick mentioned that was nicely above our budget compares to a dollar too last year $0.17 increase or about 16.7% increase. Year-to-date, we have generated $3.40 of distributable cash flow per unit that compares to $3.26 last year to the $0.14 increase or 4.3% growth. If you look on where we are year-to-date versus the budget we are ahead of the budget year-to-date. Now some of that is coming from timing on sustaining CapEx. And for the full year, we expect to be pretty close to the budget in terms of the distributable cash flow per unit and just keep in mind that when we increased the distribution above our budget, it does have about a penny impact on the distributable cash flow per unit. We expect on that on the distributable cash flow in total that we are above our budget year-to-date nicely, now lot of that is also that’s coming from the timing on sustaining CapEx, some of that is, but we also are generating above our budget with respect to how the segments are performing. For the full year, we expect that we will be slightly above in terms of distributable cash flow before certain items and that’s going to be a function of the KinderHawk acquisition, it’s going to be a function of lower interest rates. And then also for the full year we expect that sustaining CapEx will come in below our budget. Our budget was $225 million of sustaining CapEx. Our current expectation is that we will come in at $215 million of sustaining CapEx. Looking up at the segments on products pipelines versus third quarter of last year, we are up $6.3 million. As Rick said, we would have been more except for the UPRR right away decision that we have reflected in the third quarter results for the amounts that impact or that are related to 2011. Year-to-date, up $16.4 million versus our budget year-to-date, we are very close to our budget, but we expect to end the year below our budget. And that’s a function of Cochin has been – had very strong performance for the first three quarters and that has largely offset some of the weakness that we have seen versus our budget and products volumes and also some of the regulatory things that we have implemented on our pipeline and the UPRR right away increase. The Cochin will not offset – we do not expect at this time that Cochin will offset those things in the fourth quarter and so we think the products will end below its budget for the year. Natural Gas Pipelines up $59 million in the third quarter year-to-date up $68 million. Year-to-date, they are above their budget primarily as a function of KinderHawk and we expect them to end the year above their budget. In the segment, we expect there will be about $50 million above their budget rough numbers. Now, on a net basis, so when you take into account the DD&A that we add back below the line for the joint ventures, they will be above their budget about $35 million. And that’s just a function of the KinderHawk acquisition, once we acquired 100% of that, we no longer show the DD&A add back in the lines down below when we calculate DCF. And so there is a reduction down there in our results that when you add back to the segment that’s how you get to the net of about $35 million. Now, that’s slightly below what we said last quarter and that’s just because the performance on the KinderHawk acquisition is being slightly offset by some weakness that we have seen in the Rockies and that’s primarily related to higher OpEx as a result of some regulatory decisions related to our fuel recoveries on those pipelines. CO2 in the quarter is up $57 million versus last year, it’s up $94 million year-to-date. We expect year-to-date, they are very close to their budget and we expect that they will end the year close to their budget. Terminals up $16 million in the quarter, up $43 million year-to-date, they are slightly below their budget. Year-to-date and we expect that they will end the year slightly below their budget primarily as a result of flood impacts that we saw earlier in the year, higher OpEx as a result of fuel cost, and then some lower fuel volumes as a result of an outage at a plant that we serve. On Kinder Morgan Canada, for the quarter, they are up $4.5 million, year-to-date up $14.9 million or 11%. Year-to-date, they are above their budget and we expect them to end the year above their budget. That is largely a function of FX with a little bit of our performance on the assets. Dropping down to general and administrative expense, you can see it was $102.5 million in the quarter versus about $96 million last year, that is a increase of about $6.8 million. For the quarter, it’s up about $13.6 million versus year-to-date versus the year-to-date a year ago. They are above their budget. Our G&A is above our budget by about $13 million. We expect that a portion of that is timing and so that we will end the year about $6 million above our budget on G&A and that’s largely a function of some increased legal expenses and some increased benefits cost. On interest expense for the quarter, we are $1.2 million less than a year ago. Year-to-date, we are about $20 million greater in interest expense than we were a year ago versus our budget year-to-date. We are favorable about over $20 million and we expect in the year are favorable to our budget. So that when you look through it all, we expect that as a result as I said earlier of the KinderHawk acquisition as a result of interest savings and as a result of a little bit lower sustaining CapEx that we end the year slightly above our budget in terms of distributable cash flow. Looking at the certain items just very quickly, there were two in the quarter that really add up to the $235 million, all the rest are really net out. There are $69 million which primarily in legal reserves, which primarily relates to an adverse decision on the right away. This represents all the years prior to 2011, as I said earlier the 2011 impact is up in the segment. And then the non-cash write down, the loss on re-measurement of assets to fair value that’s the non-cash write down on the first half of KinderHawk that we previously announced and when we bought the second half of KinderHawk, we bought it for a lower price that we paid for the first half and this is writing down the first half to the second half value. Year-to-date, the other certain items that we discussed in prior quarters that there is really three again that gets you to the 478, $81 million is associated with allocated non-cash compensation expense that was allocated from KMI. It was paid by the private shareholders. KMP will never bare any cost with respect to this, but because of gap, we have to allocated to KMP, there is the UPRR right away that I discussed within this quarter plus some rate case charges primarily related to SFPP that we took in the second quarter and then the $167 million loss on re-measurement of assets to fair value. And so that gives you our results for the quarter. Looking at the balance sheet and I am going to drop all the way down to the bottom, I am not going go through the individual line items from the balance sheet this quarter. I am going to focus on the debt and then I am going to reconcile the debt for you. We ended the quarter with about $12.2 billion. And in net debt, that’s up from about $11.4 billion at the end of the last year to about an $826 million increase in debt for the full year for the quarter, were up about a $1.181 billion in debt from the end of the second quarter. Based on that, we are about 3.6 times debt to EBITDA that we expect in the year about 3.7 times on debt to EBITDA, and our budget with was end a 3.6 times. We will end at a little higher than we budgeted and that’s a function of the KinderHawk acquisition. We’ve got all the debt associated with that acquisition on our balance sheet, but we don’t have a full year of the contribution of the earnings. At this point we bought that asset in May. Reconciling the debt for you on the quarter again a $1.18 billion change in debt, we had uses of just a little under $1.5 billion would about $250 million in CapEx, $240 million in contributions to investments, a little over $900 million in acquisition. As a result of the acquisition of the second half of the KinderHawk, the debt associated with the first half also came on to our balance sheet and for that $77 million. And then we have some small litigation settlement of about $18 million. Sources of cash about little over $300 million, equity offering a $110 million that was our ATM, KMR was a source of cash of a $109 million. We sold an asset, which was a source of cash of about $16 million. And then we unveiled some interest rates swaps that was a source of cash about $73 million. Year-to-date, $826 million increase in debt. It’s about a little over a $1.3 billion in total sources and about $2.1 million in total uses. In the uses just under $700 million is spending in expansion CapEx, about little under $300 million in contributions to investments, just under a $1 billion in acquisitions, the $77 million or approximately $80 million of debt came on our balance sheet as a result of the buying the other half of KinderHawk, a little over $80 million in CPUC and SFPP settlement. And then those are the total uses which are gets you a little over $2.1 billion and then equity offering year-to-date $845 million, KMR $320 million, the Netherlands sale, which is the sale of a small assets that we had in the Netherlands $16 million, and then interest rate slops $73 million, and then we had a source in working capital of just under $70 million. It going through that row quickly doc premiums were source of cash of $126 million, what that is on our Trans Mountain, the shippers pay as premiums to be able to ship across that doc. We keep that cash for a year and then we return it to them over a period of time. So, $126 million again on the doc premiums, accrued interest was a use of cash of a $142 million, accrued taxes was a source of cash of $47 million, AP and AR were source of cash of $19 million and then other items were a source of cash of about $17 million. So that takes us through KMP. Moving to KMI, the first page in your earnings package on KMI, it shows the cash available to pay dividends. If you look at the title on that page, it does including the interim capital transaction. Now we put this in here because this is the way that we will have to present it or will be require to present it in the 10Q. It doesn’t really reflect what’s going on in the underlying business as you guys remember in the third quarter of last year in order to resolve some historical rate cases we had in interim capital transaction and the GP doesn’t get its incentive on the amount it’s determined to be an interim capital transaction. And therefore in that one period that the GP received a $170 million less and incentive payments spent otherwise would have. So, you can see what’s happening on the underlying business, we included the second page, which looks substantially similar to the first page, but at the top of this is excluding the interim capital transaction and so that’s the page that I’m going to work off of here. Cash available to pay dividends a $186.9 million in the quarter that compares to about a $170 million last year so about $17 million increase in cash available to pay dividends that’s about a 10% increase over last year. Year-to-date $592 million versus $540 million last year so about a $52 million increase or about a 10% in the nine months. Where is that growth coming from? That growth is largely a result and again as you recall KMI’s pay is presented on a paid basis. So, it does reflect the distribution the KMP paid during the quarter. That growth is driven by KMP’s distribution per unit increasing from a $1.09 to a $1.15, which is the almost 6% growth that we talked about a KMP and in the nine months, it’s a function of the distribution increasing from 327 on a paid basis to $3.42 so just a little under 5% growth. So, if you look at the total distributions to KMI from KMP, there is a total line $344 million in the three months ended September 30th, 2011 versus 305 last year so, $39 million increase or about a 13% increase. Year-to-date, that increase is almost a $112 million so also a $13 million increase year-to-date. As a result dropping down, the general and administrative expenses, they have increased about $3.4 million in the quarter. They are up about $9.4 million versus the year ago and that is a function of two things that we discussed in the budget. One is that the fixed fee arrangement expired on NGPL and then also small incremental cost as a result of being a public company. Interest expense about $5 million increase in the quarter versus a year ago, about $8 million increase in the nine months and so cash available to pay dividends before tax up $22 million in the quarter, up $79 million in the nine months. Cash taxes are up about $5 million in the quarter they are up about $27 million in the nine months and that just a function of the higher income and that’s how you get to $17 million increase in the cash available to pay dividends in the quarter and about $52 million in the nine months. For the full year, and we expect that we have increased our dividend as Rick said, above what we expected at the time of the IPO and above what we had in our budget and so we need about $834 million to $835 million to cover the dividend and we expect that we will generate that plus a few million dollars incremental to that and that’s largely a function of the outperformance on KMP that is the increase in the distribution above the budget in KMP and then it is also a function of more equity issued to KMP as a result of the KinderHawk transaction. If you look at turning to KMI balance sheet, again I am just going to focus on the net debt. Really there is very little change in the net debt in the year-to-date. There is about a $21 million increase in net debt in the quarter. If you look at the debt to distributions received, we are 2.4 times right now, that’s down from 2.6 times that’s right in line with our budget in our budget and where we expect in the year is about 2.3 times. The change in debt in the quarter was about $21 million increase. We had cash available to pay dividend to about $187 million. We did not sell the KMR share, so about $16 million of that is not cashed. So, net a $171 million. We paid dividends of $212 million. Now as we have talked to you guys about before, the timing of the cash tax payments and the interest tax payments generally mean that we will not cover the dividend in the second quarter and the third quarter, but we will have excess coverage in the first quarter and the fourth quarter and as I mentioned a minute ago, we expect to cover by few million dollars for the year. We had a benefit actually lower cash tax payments and what’s reflected in the metric of about $36 million and that is a function of the special bonus, the $100 million bonus that was paid by the Class A shareholders and that we got to deduct for tax purposes. So, there is a $36 million benefit there. Again this is not borne by the shareholders. We received a tax refund on a carry back of a capital loss of about $40 million. We made a contribution to the pension of about $20 million and then we had about $8 million in other items. Year-to-date we have generated cash available to pay dividends of $592 million. We deducted the KMR because we have not sold that year-to-date a $46 million. So, you have about $546 million. We paid dividends of about $557 million. We received intra-settlement on the NBO payment. Net of tax is about $34 million. We paid fees associated with the IPO of about (50%). On the $100 million pool, that’s about $61 million net use of cash after you take the tax benefit into account and again this was amounts reserved out of earnings and profits and paid by the Class A shareholders, no portion, which was borne by the Class B shareholders and public shareholders. We received tax refunds associated with one-time items of about $69 million year-to-date. We had the pension contribution and then the few other items gets you to the change in debt of about $4 million. That’s it and we will open it up for question.
Rick Kinder– Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Well, Dory if you come back on we’ll take any questions as you may have.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Brian Zarahn with Barclays Capital.
Rick Kinder: Hi Brian.
Brian Zarahn – Barclays Capital: Good afternoon everyone. Long time to talk.
Rick Kinder:  You’re right.
Brian Zarahn – Barclays Capital: On the Parkway refined products pipeline about how much of the capacity is under contract?
Rick Kinder: About 100,000 barrels a day is under contract.
Brian Zarahn -Barclays Capital: Okay and for expected return for the inline with your historical average?
Rick Kinder: Yes, they are.
Brian Zarahn – Barclays Capital: Okay. And is there any type of benefit to Plantation volumes flowing to there?
Rick Kinder: Yeah, we think that it will be a benefit to Plantation and there will also be a benefit to our Southeast terminal segment and the Parkway Pipeline itself has a reasonable return consistent well over cost of capital and with the benefits from KMST that makes even better return.
Brian Zarahn – Barclays Capital: Okay. And then the--
Rick Kinder: Southeast Terminals operations and some benefit to.
Brian Zarahn – Barclays Capital: The accretion you’re discussing that include or exclude the Plantation Southeast Terminals benefit?
Rick Kinder: Well, it’s accretive even if we didn’t include that is a little more accretive if included, yeah.
Brian Zarahn – Barclays Capital:  Okay. Is there a PPI escalator on the Parkway Pipeline?
Rick Kinder: Tom Bannigan you are in Houston.
Tom Bannigan: Yes, there is Rick.
Rick Kinder: Okay, yes there is
Brian Zarahn – Barclays Capital: Okay. Trying to see what--
Tom Bannigan: And Rick the other thing, the throughput commitment is 50,000 barrels a day in the system.
Unidentified Company Speaker: That commitment is consistent with the return (indiscernible) talking about.
Tom Bannigan: That’s correct.
Rick Kinder: Okay I’m sure. I’m just spoke 50,000, excuse me. Thank you, Tom.
Brian Zarahn – Barclays Capital: Okay and then on the CO2 business. Can you talk a little bit more about the growth opportunities in the Source and Transportation?
Rick Kinder: Yeah, Tim Bradley you want to talk about that?
Tim Bradely: Sure, we had engineering studies underway to add compression and drill more wells and both of our Source team was up in Southwest Colorado. That work is being finalized now. For one of the source fields we hope the AFP a new project for that. Once we finished our budget process later this year. So we’ll probably be making more announcements about that in the month to come. The expansion of supply in Southwest Colorado was underwritten by then part of the demand growth in Permian Basin. A lot of our larger customers are asking for additional supplies on the order of well and excess of 200 million cubic feet a day of additional CO2 supplies. So, we’re working on the best and most economically efficient way to develop that supply for our customers and more to come on that. 
Brian Zarahn – Barclays Capital: Okay. I’ll look forward to hearing updates on progress in that area. The final question is you had a modest change to 2011 maintenance CapEx. Is there any change to your expansion CapEx on number, on organic growth?
Kim Dang: Our current CapEx forecasted about $2.4 billion, which included the acquisitions.
Brian Zarahn – Barclays Capital: Okay. Thanks Kim.
Rick Kinder: All right. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Jacob with Raymond James.
Paul Jacob – Raymond James: Good afternoon everybody.
Rick Kinder: Good afternoon Paul.
Paul Jacob – Raymond James: Thank you.
Rick Kinder: All right. 
Paul Jacob – Raymond James:  I guess the first question is related to that $60 million asset that was sold in the Netherland. Just had a curiosity what was that?
Rick Kinder: That was a terminal that we acquired as part of the GATX acquisition dating all the way back to 2000 or 2001 and we held it. It produced a little income every year. We really didn’t want to have an asset in Europe and somebody finally came along and made us an offer that was in excess of our cost in it and that provided us pretty good return so we went ahead and sold it. Jeff Armstrong, anything do you want to add to that?
Jeff Armstrong: Yeah, is far way to (indiscernible) market is what was served in one of our customers ended in buying for most.
Kim Dang: And the gain on that is treated as a certain item in the quarter.
Paul Jacob – Raymond James: Okay, great. Thank you for that color. And then in addition, we were wondering if versus last quarter of 2011 CapEx for SACROC and Yates have changed the law.
Rick Kinder: Kim?
Kim Dang:  It’s down slightly at SACROC, contributed $20 million as I recall for capitals for drilling wells and facilities and a like amount in terms of the CO2 purchase costs at SACROC. I think down about $40 million in total.
Rick Kinder:  That’s right 40.
Paul Jacob – Raymond James:  Okay. Great, thank you that’s all I had.
Rick Kinder:  Okay.
Operator:  At this time, we have no additional questions.
Rick Kinder – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Okay. Well, thank you very much for listening in. I know you’ve heard enough from us this week and have a good evening. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for joining today’s conference. That does conclude the call at this time. All participants may disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-21 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Rich Kinder – Chairman and CEO Park Shaper – President Tim Bradley – President, CO2 Kimberly Allen Dang – Vice President and CFO
Analysts: Darren Horowitz – Raymond James Bradley Olsen – Tudor, Pickering, Holt John Tysseland – Citigroup Ted Durbin – Goldman Sachs John Edwards – Morgan Keegan Brian Zarahn – Barclays Capital Yves Siegel – Credit Suisse TJ Schultz – RBC Capital Markets Cathleen Keane [ph] – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
Operator: Welcome and thank you for joining the quarterly earnings conference call. I’d like to inform all parties the call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I’d now like to turn the call over to Rich Kinder, Chairman and CEO of Kinder Morgan. Thank you. You may begin.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Tamera, and thanks to everyone for calling in. This is the Kinder Morgan earnings call and we’ll be talking about Kinder Morgan, Inc. and Kinder Morgan Energy Partners. Kinder Morgan Energy Partners or KMP is one of the largest MLPs in America, and KMI, which is C-corp., owns the general partner of KMP together with LP units in KMP and KMR and a 20% interest in natural gas pipeline of America. As usual, we will be making statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Also as usual, I’ll give an overview of the quarter, then Park Shaper, our President, will take you through the financial details, and then we will be available for any and all questions that you may have. Let me start with KMI. The news here is that we raised the dividend from $0.29 a quarter or $1.16 per year to $0.30 a quarter or $1.20 annualized. If you go back to the time of the IPO, you will recall that we talked about we anticipate $820 million in cash available for dividends at KMI during 2011 and that resulted in $1.16 per share in terms of dividends. We’re now on track to do better than $820 million, and therefore we’re raising the dividend to reflect the improved performance in terms of cash generated. The higher cash in KMI is because of KMP’s performance, including acquisition and expansion opportunities that are exceeding our budget and which will result in higher distributions to KMI during the course of 2011. So we have raised that distribution on an annualized basis now to $1.20 instead of $1.16. Now turning to KMP, there we also raised the quarterly distribution this time to $1.15, or $4.60 annualized. That’s a 6% increase over the distribution that we paid in the second quarter of 2010. Our budget target at KMP is to deliver or to declare cash distributions of $4.60 a unit for 2011 and, as you recall, to produce excess coverage above that of $37 million. And we expect to meet or exceed that target this year. The second quarter results are slightly above our plan. Year-to-date is slightly above our plan. And our current projections, which we update weekly around here, show us well above our plan for the full year of 2011. Now let me review our performance and other developments at each of our business segments, and I’ll start with our Products Pipelines segment. There, in terms of refined products volumes, the volumes were actually down 1.3% for the second quarter compared to Q2 of 2010. Year-to-date we are up 1.4% in total refined products volumes. Put that in context, the EIA numbers for the nationwide demand were down 1.5% in the second quarter and down 0.5% year-to-date. So we’re doing a little bit better than the EIA numbers. But that said, I think it does show that there is a fragile recovery, and I think we are seeing some impact from higher gas prices. We also have some impact from a couple of new competing terminals, particularly one in the State of Florida that I think has resulted in some loss of volumes on our part. If you break it down by product for the second quarter, gasoline was down 3.7%; diesel down 3.4%; jet was the positive factor up 11.5% and that was pretty well across the board. It had a very nice increase in military volumes in the West, over 20%. But on our commercial volumes of jet fuel across the system, they were up approximately 9.5%. So that’s kind of the picture from a volumetric standpoint. In terms of performance within the Products Pipelines segment, our Cochin operations, our West Coast terminals and Plantation Pipe Line were positive compared to a year ago. Our Central Florida Pipeline was down compared to a year ago largely because of a decline in volumes. We had some other significant developments in this segment, some of which you are aware of. We are moving ahead with our condensate line running from the Eagle Ford Shale play in South Texas up to the Houston Ship Channel. We expect to have that line in service in the second quarter of 2012. Things seem to be progressing according to plan there. We are in the advanced stages of discussion there with a number of customers to ship additional volumes above our original 50,000 a day commitment from Petrohawk. Our Carson Terminal in Travis Air Force Base expansions in California are on budget and expected to be in service somewhat ahead of our original target. Now, also pertain to the Products Pipelines segment, we did take a certain item in this second quarter. We added to our legal reserve due to the ongoing rate case litigation on our West Coast pipelines in the amount of $165 million we previously announced, as you know, that regard an adverse decision from the CPUC, the main tenant of which was that contrary to its own past procedure and certainly contrary to what the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission has ruled. It did not allow an income tax allowance. That is now a CPUC decision. We intend to fight that decision in Appellate Courts because we believe it is contrary to other decisions outstanding and to precedent. But accounting requires that we go ahead and take that right down now even though we may or may not be successful in our appeal. And we’ve decided to do that, and that makes up the large share of the reserve. As we said in our release, the refunds mandated by this decision that stands will not, in our judgment, have any impact on our distribution to our limited partners of KMP or on our dividends to our KMI shareholders. Now, turning to our Natural Gas Pipeline segment, they had a good second quarter, driven primarily by KinderHawk. That’s the Haynesville gathering and treating system by Fayetteville Express pipeline, which went into service the 1st of this year, and by good results in our Casper-Douglas processing assets up in Wyoming. The negatives in the quarter were lower volumes in fuel recoveries at KMIGT, higher property taxes at Rockies Express, and an adverse decision on fuel recoveries on our Trailblazer system. Overall, our transport volumes were up 16% for the quarter compared to a year ago. And we really had two big developments in this segment since our last conference call. On July 1st, we closed on our agreement to buy Petrohawk’s 50% interest in KinderHawk Field Services and a 25% interest in Petrohawk’s gathering and treating business in the Eagle Ford Shale in South Texas. As a consideration for this transaction, we paid $836 million in cash and $77 million in assumed debt. Now we own 100% of KinderHawk, which has over 400 miles of pipeline in the Haynesville Shale play and approximately 2 Bcf of capacity – 2 Bcf a day of capacity. We have throughput that is now above 1 Bcf a day and growing. And we think this is just a tremendous long-term asset. We believe its value has been enhanced by the pending purchase of Petrohawk by BHP. And if you looked at the BHP’s presentation, you saw some pretty significant ramp-up in dollars they expect to spend on their drilling program, and that drilling program embraces Haynesville and Eagle Ford together with a smaller position in the Permian. But we think this bodes very well for our assets, both in Haynesville and Eagle Ford. We now own also the 25% of what’s called EagleHawk Field Services in the Eagle Ford. That is 280 miles of gas gathering lines and 120 miles of condensate gathering lines. And we think the Eagle Ford Shale is an area that – where throughput will grow dramatically as drilling down there continues to expand. The other significant development in our natural gas segment also involves Eagle Ford, and let me just review that with you. Eagle Ford Gathering, which is a 50/50 joint venture between ourselves and Copano Energy, entered into three long-term agreements with shippers in the second quarter, and we’ve now contracted for about 550 million cubic feet a day of Eagle Ford natural gas production. We are providing transportation, processing and fractionation services to our customers. Eagle Ford Gathering also entered into a long-term agreement with Williams Partners to process production at the Williams’ Markham processing facility in Matagorda County, Texas. Initially, we contracted for 100 million cubic feet a day of processing capacity, and we have the option to increase that to 200 million a day. Currently, the JV that we have with Copano expects to have about 400 miles of pipeline with capacity to gather about 700 million cubic feet a day. Remember I said 550 has already been contracted for, and we anticipate subscriptions for the rest to be completed by the end of the third quarter. The Natural Gas segment alone has now committed close to $200 million in the expansion projects in the Eagle Ford, including its 50% interest in the joint venture. We expect that number to grow as we are seeing lots of opportunities in this play, both within the JV and outside the JV. In our CO2 segment, we produced growth in the second quarter that exceeded our plan and the second quarter of 2010, but that was mostly driven by higher oil and NGL prices. On the oil volume front, both SACROC and Yates were just slightly below their plan for the quarter. NGL volumes were strong for the quarter, although our net volumes were, as expected, below the second quarter of 2010 because of a contractual reduction in our net interest and the production from the Snyder gas plant. But the volumes themselves were very strong. And we also were able in the second quarter to reduce our operating expenses several million dollars below plan. At Katz, the production response from the recently initiated CO2 floods remained slower than planned, but is within the range of modeled outcomes. We now expect to realize only an incremental 250 to 300 barrels per day of oil production this year versus an original budget projection of little over 1,000 barrels per day incremental. And all of this is in our forecast. So when I talk about where we expect to end up the year, we have reduced the Katz numbers and the production numbers at the CO2 segment accordingly. Overall on the other side of the fence in our CO2 business, we continue to see strong demand from our customers for additional CO2 and we’re pursuing expansion opportunities in Southwest Colorado to produce more CO2. In fact, the demand is so strong in the Permian Basin for CO2 that our customers really want all they can get, which means we’re actually at the point where we are prorating our system, including to ourselves. Our production up in Southwest Colorado is running at 1.3 Bcf per day. That’s consistent with last year, that’s consistent with our budget for this year, and we think with some tweaks we’ve been able to do, we can get that production up just a little bit more above our plan in the second half of the year. In fact, we believe we will either equal or maybe set a new all-time record for CO2 production up in Southwest Colorado. And it’s an area that we continue to see as a major opportunity for us to expand in the future. In our Terminals segment, we continue to see great opportunities for growth. In the second quarter, we benefited from both acquisitions like the Watco rail transaction and like the recent purchase of the Port Arthur terminal that handles petcoke for Total. From those acquisitions and from internal growth, and the internal growth was led by results at our Pasadena, Texas, liquids terminal, our coal volumes were strong, up 12% for the second quarter and 11% year-to-date. Steel volumes not quite as strong, but still steel volumes were up 3% for the quarter and over 10% year-to-date. In this segment, we continue to experience really strong demand from our customers to handle export coal. As you recall, we are already expanding our IMT terminal, which is south of New Orleans on the Mississippi River, and some of our Houston facilities in both cases to accommodate customer leads under long-term contracts. We expect to sign additional contracts resulting in further expansions, giving us the opportunity to serve our customers and deploy significant capital at attractive rates of return. And in fact, our Board approved another such project today. We won’t publicly release that until all of the documents are signed with our customers, which we think would be in the next few weeks. We are also making progress on providing rail transportation for crude oil through our joint venture with Watco. This is in situations where the pipeline capacity is constrained and our customers want to move crude volumes by rail. And we would expect to have additional announcements on that during this third quarter of 2011. Our final segment, of course, is Kinder Morgan Canada. And there, our financial results are good and we continue to see strong demand for the movement of oil sands production to the West Coast of Canada and down into Washington State. This may lead to a major expansion opportunity for our Trans Mountain system, but only if and when we can reach agreement with our shipper customers for satisfactory throughput arrangements and at adequate returns on our capital invested to justify the expansion. That said, we will be taking steps to see just what our customers want, and that will probably result in an open season sometime during this fall of this year. In conclusion, let me just leave you with two thoughts; one is generic and one is more specific. First, the generic thought. While the second quarter had the share of challenges for us, the long-term opportunities for midstream energy infrastructure development, in my judgment, have never been better during the 30-plus years I’ve been in the business. We talk a lot around here about tsunamis. Those are events or things that have the ability to move the needle. And certainly in my view, the opportunities in the shale plays and export coal opportunities certainly fit the definition of the tsunami. Looking at a more specific indication of how strong things are, we’ve taken a very preliminary look at 2012. It’s very preliminary, but we expect growth in all five of our business segments. As we look at it, given the increased price on our oil hedges in the CO2 segment and increased cash flow from expansion and acquisitions in both our Natural Gas and Terminals segments, we expect 2012 growth in KMP’s distribution per unit and therefore in KMI’s cash available for dividends to be above our long range projected targets of 5% growth at KMP and 10% growth at KMI. So if you look out, what I guess we’re telling you is that in 2011 we’re going to do better than we thought and it looks like in 2012 we’re also going to be able to chain [ph] the bar at better than the numbers we talked about just a few months ago when we were on the IPO road show. Now, that said, we’ll be able to give you a lot more detail and comfort on 2012 when we’ve completed our budget process in the fall. But we are very pleased we’re able to raise the dividend on KMI and have another increase in the KMP distribution. And with that, I will turn it over to Park.
Park Shaper: All right. Thanks, Rich. And I will go through the financials. I will start on KMP. And so the financial pages are attached to the press release behind the text. The first financial page in KMP is the face of the income statement. I really did touch on – towards the bottom – just above the bottom section, declared distribution per unit, as Rich mentioned, $1.15 was what the Board declared today. That is up 6% from the $1.09 in the second quarter of 2010. $2.29 for the first half of 2011 is also up 6% from the $2.16 in 2010. With that, I’ll really go to the next page, which is where we believe the actual performance is much easier to track. And again, towards the bottom, the second to last numbers line, you have the DCF per unit before certain items, $1.01 in the second quarter of 2011 versus $1.06 in 2010, but our budget was $0.95 for the quarter. And so the quarter was nicely above our budget. Similarly, year-to-date, $2.21 compared to $2.24 for a year ago, but our budget for the first half of 2011 was $2.11. So again, we are above budget through the first half of the year. That seems a little bit unusual because our coverage in the quarter was actually negative by about $46 million. And cumulatively through the first six months, our coverage is negative by $26 million. But again, as I just told you, we are actually above our budget, we are ahead of where we expected to be through this point in the year. And so what you’re seeing is really just the effect of seasonality and a little bit of timing. A fair amount of this, really more than this was expected. As I said, we are above our budget. And so it’s really related to seasonality. We did publish our quarterly expectations in terms of distributable cash flow per unit. And again, we are exceeding that. It is relatively consistent with what we’ve seen in years past. So again, even though year-to-date we are under coverage by about $26 million, we are ahead of where we expected to be in our budget. Additionally, as we look out for the full year, and Rich mentioned this, we expect that we will be above budget for the full year. Our budgeted excess cash flow was $37 million. We are above $70 million currently, as we look at our forecast. That’s actually down a little bit from where we were at the end of the first quarter. You may recall that. But that’s largely due to lower oil prices now than where oil prices were at the end of the first quarter. And so, really performance has continued to be strong, and we believe and we know KMP has had a very solid year year-to-date. And we expect it to have a solid year going forward. And just another way to look at that, our budgeted distributable cash flow per unit was $4.72. Our current forecast calls for distributable cash flow per unit to be north of $4.80. And that same number was $4.43 in 2010. So again, we are nicely above our budget showing very strong growth from 2010. Moving up from that line directly above, you have net income per unit. We don’t believe that’s an overly meaningful measure. I think DCF per unit much more relevant. And so going above that, you have DCF before certain items. You will see about $324 million, up slightly from the second quarter of 2010. And then the $706 million year-to-date is up $30 million from 2010. But the second quarter was up $20 million above our budget. So again, nicely above where we expected to be. Immediately above that, sustaining capital expenditures, about $49 million in the quarter, a little bit more than what we spent in the second quarter of 2010. Similarly, for the six months, we’ve spent a little bit more in ’11 than we did in ’10. We actually had spent less than our budget year-to-date. And that’s something that we see in a lot of years where sustaining capital expenditures get pushed back to the second half of the year and lots of times even to the fourth quarter. Our full year forecast on sustaining capital expenditures is about $223 million, and our full year budget is $225 million. So we are right on top of budget in terms of our expectations for the year. Immediately above that, some small amounts related to cash in excess of earnings for Express, Endeavor & Eagle Ford. And again, what this line represents is the cash distributions that are greater than the earnings that we recognized in net income. So you can see about $2.6 million in the second quarter, almost $6 million year-to-date that is above last year. It’s consistent with our expectations, although on a full year forecast, we actually think we will be ahead of where we expected to be. Book cash taxes, again, this is just the difference between cash taxes and book taxes. So we’re essentially backing out book taxes and replacing it with cash taxes. You can see in the quarter, they were about equal. Cash taxes were a little bit greater than book taxes in the second quarter of ’11. Year-to-date, cash taxes were less than book taxes by a little over $10 million. Above that, you have DD&A. DD&A is a little bit higher than it was last year and it is a little bit above our budget. You will see Limited Partners’ net income directly above that, and you will see that it’s a little bit lower, although if you add those two lines together and you look at net income before DD&A, then you will see that it’s higher. We think that’s a more relevant way to look at it. Again, we are looking for cash flow as opposed to accounting earnings. And above that, you have the general partner’s interest. You will note that the second quarter 2010 is when we had the interim capital transaction. We treated that as if it had not occurred from a KMP perspective, but if we had not added it back in, it would have shown KMP as generating significantly more cash than what KMP generates on a recurring basis. So that’s what’s going on on that line, is that it’s getting added back in. So again, those are the components that create or add up to the distributable cash flow. Jumping up to the top, I’ll talk briefly about the segments. Rich covered a lot of this. I’ll just catch some highlights. On the Products Pipelines side, little bit down from last year in the quarter, up about $10 million year-to-date. Now, it is a little bit under budget for the quarter, but it’s actually under budget by less than it is down versus last year, which again just demonstrates that we expected the Products Pipelines to be under 2010 when we build the budget. The main reasons are the inventory accounting change that took place in the second quarter of 2010. And that had a positive on 2010 second quarter that the second quarter of ’11 did not quite overcome. Now, as we look at Products Pipelines for the year, clearly we expect very attractive growth versus 2010. As we look at our forecast, we expect them to come in just a little bit under their budget, about 1% under their budget for the year. Natural Gas Pipelines, up versus last year by about $6 million, up year-to-date versus last year by about $9 million, but were slightly under their budget for the quarter. But we do expect the Natural Gas Pipelines segment to be above its budget considerably for the year largely as a result of the acquisition of the Petrohawk assets. And so Natural Gas Pipelines will be $45 million to $50 million above its budget for the year based upon our current forecast. CO2 side, up versus last year by $27 million; year-to-date, up $37 million. The quarter was above its budget, and we expect that CO2 will come in about $10 million above its budget in terms of segment earnings before DD&A for the year. Now, Rich mentioned this, but it’s largely driven by oil prices and NGL prices being a little bit ahead of our budget. Volumes are just a little bit below at SACROC and at Yates and a little bit below at Katz. But again, all together, as we look out for the year, we expect CO2 segment to be above its budget by about $10 million. On the Terminals side, for the quarter, up about $7 million versus a year ago; year-to-date, up about $26 million. They were a little bit under budget for the quarter, largely as a function of the impact of weather and really a lot of it on our customers and their ability to get product to us. And so it’s a function of flooding and tornadoes that disrupted some of the product movements across the country and resulted in slightly lower volumes at some of our terminals. And then in addition to that, our petcoke volumes and its earnings were a little bit lower due to some issues at some specific refineries, primarily here on the Gulf Coast. For the year, we expect Terminals will come in slightly under its budget just a couple of million dollars on a $713 million segment earnings before DD&A budget. So, essentially right on it. Kinder Morgan Canada, nicely above last year, about $7.5 million for the quarter, over $10 million over last year year-to-date, and also nicely above budget for the quarter, being driven primarily by incremental volumes moving to Washington State. As we look forward for the entire year, we expect that Kinder Morgan Canada will be above their budget for the year. Total segment earnings before DD&A, $851 million in the quarter, up from about $811 million, about 5% growth for the quarter; $1.73 billion year-to-date, 6% up year-to-date, and a little bit ahead of our plan for the quarter. As we look forward, our annual budget was about $3.65 billion in segment earnings before DD&A. Our current forecast has a slightly above $3.7 billion of segment earnings before DD&A. So again, outperformance at the segment level, helping to drive expected outperformance overall. With that, I’ll jump over DD&A and skip over the segment earnings contributions and get to G&A. And you will see it’s about $98 million in the quarter, about $5 million greater than a year ago; about $199 million year-to-date, about $7 million ahead of a year ago. It was slightly unfavorable to budget for the quarter, although when we look forward for the entire year, we expect that G&A current forecast has less than $1 million negative to forecast. And so, essentially right on for the year. Interest, you will see, is up slightly. So, solidly greater interest for the quarter, also for the year-to-date. But it is under budget for the quarter and it’s under budget year-to-date. We expect it will be under budget for the entire year. And basically what’s going on there relative to budget is that rate is coming in lower. Now, balance will be higher than budget as a function of the Petrohawk acquisition. But net, those two will still result in favorable variance to budget on the interest line. And so really those are the components of net income. I’ll talk about the certain items quickly. Rich has already touched on the largest. The allocated non-cash long-term compensation, we will not have any more current amount in that line, but the past amounts show up there. Allocated non-cash employee growth share plan expense, most of this was in the first quarter. This is not something like the line above it, not something that KMP will ever have to pay for. It will never pay any cash, it will never pay any equity, it will never pay any funds at all or had any economic impact at all from this compensation. But for accounting purposes, we have to reflect it here. Acquisition costs, again, these are costs related to acquisitions that previously were capitalized. We just show them here in certain items. Legal and environmental expenses, that’s primarily environmental and is very small. The legal reserves at $165 million, those are the rate case reserves that Rich mentioned that are primarily related to the unfavorable decision with respect to an income tax allowance at the CPUC. Mark-to-market and ineffectiveness of certain hedges, let me just remind you here that we continue as always to reflect the full impact of these hedges in the segments when the transactions occur. What’s showed up down here in certain items are the amounts that have to be mark-to-market in periods prior to the transactions actually taking place. And so, really ultimately all of the amounts that show up on this line will net after zero because the total impact is reflected in the segments when the transactions occur. Insurance deductible, casualty losses and reimbursements, again this is where we show the impact of insurable events. Sometimes you see write-offs there when an event happens, and then you see positive amounts come through like you’re seeing there when we recover insurance proceeds. And so that’s what’s going on on that line. And in the gain or loss on sale of assets and asset disposition expenses, we’ve been talking about this item for almost a couple of years now, but we did have to take some negative amounts related to this for some environmental remediation and writing off some book value, which itself was non-cash. But we told you we were in the process of selling this property. We have sold the first piece of it and did realize that cash in the second quarter. And that’s the positive amount that you see here. There still is another piece to come, may not happen until next year, but we are pushing forward with that subsequent sale as well. Prior period asset write-off, this relates to the Trailblazer fuel recovery decision that we got out of FERC that was unfavorable. It did result in our writing off a receivable that we have related to fuel recoveries, which shows up in the certain item amount in all the prior periods related to that, and so prior to 2011. The 2011 impact shows up in the segment. And Rich mentioned that when he talked about the impact on the Natural Gas segment. And then Other is de minimus. And so those are the certain items. One thing to point out, it is in the press release and we mentioned this before in conjunction with the Petrohawk transaction. We will have to take evaluation adjustment related to the first half of KinderHawk that we acquired in 2010, because that transaction did not close until the third quarter, we can’t take that adjustment until the third quarter. So you will see that next quarter. And it’s approximately $170 million. The exact number will be defined once we come out with the third quarter results in October. So again, that’s just a little bit of a preview for next quarter. Again, not anything different from what we have previously announced. The first page of the income statement, if you turn back, really is not overly meaningful because the certain items are spread throughout there. And so I don’t think there is a lot of reason to spend much time on that. And so with that, I will flip to the balance sheet, which is the last financial page in the KMP package. And just running down that fairly quickly, cash and cash equivalents are up considerably. That’s a function of some cash that we have in Canada and a function of the prefunding that we did for the Petrohawk transaction. So we issued equity in June. We raised cash then, but again the transaction didn’t close until July 1st. The balance sheet and financials are as of June 30th. And so we had cash on hand that the next day was utilized for that acquisition. Other current assets is basically flat. PP&E goes up by acquisitions, by expansion CapEx, by sustaining CapEx, and then goes down by DD&A. And I’ll talk more about our investments when we get down and reconcile the debt balance. Investments is up a little bit. We had the assets that we acquired, including Watco, because that did not close until this year. The Eagle Ford investment, the Deeprock acquisition, and then on REX and MEPs, the balance is moving the other way. Deferred charges and other assets, that’s largely the mark-to-market of the hedges. Notes payable and current maturities of long-term debt, we didn’t have any commercial paper outstanding at the end of the quarter, but we do have the two maturities here – really it’s one maturity and one put in the first quarter of 2012. We talked about this last quarter. We have a maturity of $450 million, comes due in the middle of March 2012. We also have a debt issue that can be put to us on February 1st of 2012. As we said last quarter, we would love for that issue to be put to us. It’s a 9% issue. We can refinance it at a much lower rate. We do not expect that it will be. And so, in all likelihood, this amount will stay here until the end of the first quarter in 2012 and then that number will move back into long-term debt. But again, if anyone wants to put those securities to us, we are happy to take them. Other current liabilities is basically flat. Long-term debt is up a little bit, and I’ll talk about that when we reconcile the debt. Value of interest rate swaps essentially just moves with the forward curve of interest rates. And then in Other is where you see the rate case reserve being added in. And so it’s up about $170 million. Accumulated other comprehensive loss largely moves with the mark-to-market on the hedges. Other partners' capital is up over $300 million as a function of the equity issuance, and I’ll get into that in more detail in a minute. So the total balance sheet is about $22.3 billion. That’s up about $0.5 billion from where it was at the beginning of the year. Looking at total debt, a little over $11 billion at the end of the quarter. At the beginning of the year, we were at about $11.4 billion. At the end of the first quarter, we were a little under $11.6 billion. So debt has actually come down $517 million in the quarter and come down $356 million year-to-date. Now again, largely that is a result of the prefunding of the Petrohawk acquisition. And so you will see debt-to-EBITDA of about 3.4 times. Again, that was temporary. The very next day the debt went up because we closed on the Petrohawk transaction. And so we’re really around about 3.65 to 3.7 times right now although, as we said before, we believe that that really understates the strength of the balance sheet because that number is what all of the debt outstanding related to the acquisition but includes none of the EBITDA because we’re doing a trailing 12-month EBITDA number here. We are not pro forma-ing our EBITDA for acquisitions and expansions that come on throughout the year. So really we think that – we know that our balance sheet is stronger than that. But if we look forward to where we expect to be when we end the year, we’ll probably end the year right around that range, in the 3.6 to 3.7 range. That’s a little bit higher than where our budget was. And the reason why it’s higher, for the exact same reason that I just mentioned, is the Petrohawk transaction. All of the debt will be outstanding related to that. And of course, we financed a significant portion of it with equity. But again, there is a debt portion of that. And only part of the EBITDA will have been earned only half a year by the time we get to the end of the year. But again, that’s where we expect to end 2011. As we look at it right now, a little bit above our budget in terms of debt-to-EBITDA, but still a very strong balance sheet, especially when you take into account the fact that that number is understated or conservative. And so the debt reconciliation, as I mentioned, debt went down by about $517 million in the quarter and down by $356 million year-to-date. Now, we invested in the quarter in capital expenditures a little over $230 million, in acquisitions a little under $70 million, and in contribution to JVs a little under $40 million. So those are the investments in the quarter. Year-to-date, in CapEx, about $450 million; acquisitions, a little over $80 million; contributions to JVs, just under $60 million; and then the Chevron settlement, which was in the first quarter, was $63 million. So offsetting that, the cash that we raised during the quarter and year-to-date – first, for the quarter, equity offering $561 million, at the market program raised equity at $83 million. KMR distributions raised equity of $107 million. We issued about $24 million of equity for an acquisition. And so that went out. And then the general partner contributed about $8 million. And then we had a source of cash of about $65 million in the quarter. The same numbers for the year-to-date, again the equity offering happened in the quarter was $560 million, the at-the-market program has generated $165 million of equity issuance through the first six months, KMR has generated $211 million of equity issuance through the first six months. Again, we put out about $24 million in conjunction with an acquisition. General partners contributed about $9 million. And working capital and other items have been a source of cash of a little over $30 million. And so looking at the working capital and other items, again, a source of about $65 million in the quarter, largely that’s come from accrued interest, offset a little bit by other current assets and other current liabilities. Those are the big things that generated the cash in the quarter. For the year-to-date, source of cash of about $35 million, AR and AP generated about $70 million, other current assets and other current liabilities were use of cash of about $50 million, and then a few other items provided another $15 million source of cash. And talking about the expansion CapEx, as I mentioned, in the quarter, about $230 million; for the year, about $450 million. Products was about $31 million of that in the quarter; a little over $50 million year-to-date. That’s the continuation of the Carson tank expansion, the Travis Air Force Base expansion, and the Cochin east leg expansion. On the Natural Gas side, about $26 million in the quarter, little over $40 million year-to-date. Largely that’s the project going on in Eagle Ford although what shows up in this number are just the pieces of that that are 100% ours. The portion that we are a part of the JV or in the JV contributions, and I’ll get to those in just a minute. CO2, about $117 million for the quarter; over $230 million year-to-date. A lot of that – most of going on at SACROC and then of course the ongoing expansion at Katz. On the Terminals side, a little under $60 million for the quarter, about $120 million year-to-date. And that’s a whole variety of smaller projects that are going on there. And Kinder Morgan Canada, about $3 million for the quarter; $5 million year-to-date. And in the contributions to JVs, you may remember that I mentioned a little under $40 million for the quarter and a little under $60 million for the year. Most of that has gone to the Eagle Ford. It’s about a little less than $30 million in the quarter and a little over $40 million year-to-date. And we’ve also made some contributions to Red Cedar and to the Deeprock joint venture, which is the oil tanks at Cushing that we bought into in the beginning of this year. And that is it for KMP. I will move on to KMI. And again, similarly attached to the text you will find the KMI financial pages. The first page there is a summary of our cash available to pay dividend. So starting at the top there, it starts with the GP distribution. One thing to recall when we talk about KMI, we are talking about what we have received in these quarters. And so this is based upon dividends and distributions paid and received by KMI during the quarter. So in the second quarter, the general partner distribution increased by over 12% to $290 million. For the year-to-date, it increased almost 13% to $575 million. Similarly, the distributions on the KMP units and the KMR shares have gone up, primarily as a function of the distributions themselves going up, the per-unit and per-share distributions going up. But also recall that every quarter we own more KMR shares. And so there is a compounding impact there. Total KMP distributions to us, $330 million in the quarter, up almost 12%;$654 million year-to-date, up over 12%, almost 12.5%. NGPL PipeCo distributions to us, you will see almost $6 million in the quarter, about $10 million year-to-date. That’s a little bit below our budget although for the full year, our full year forecast, we do expect NGPL distributions to be on budget. Total distributions received, $336 million. It’s up almost 14% for the quarter, but that’s in part because there was not an NGPL distribution in the second quarter of ’10. For the six months, $664 million, it’s up 11% from the second quarter of 2010. G&A, essentially consistently with our budget, we actually expect it slightly unfavorable and we expect it to be slightly unfavorable for the year, but it’s around $1 million in total and it’s related to legal costs and a little bit of incremental tax expense that’s really related to some state tax consulting work that has resulted in much greater savings. It’s just that those savings show up on the cash tax line, not in G&A. Interest expense, now remember that this is cash interest expense and so we have small payments in the second quarter and the fourth quarter, big payments in the first quarter and the third quarter. A little bit favorable to budget year-to-date and expected for the year. And then cash taxes, down below, is essentially on budget for the first six months. But when we look forward for the year, we actually expect, and it’s actually slightly favorable for the first six months, it will be a little bit unfavorable to budget really for reasons that I’m going to get into in a minute when I talk about the complete full year forecast. So cash available to pay dividends, about $154 million for the quarter; $405 million year-to-date. And just thinking about seasonality there, because if you look at the dividends and the right way to look at this is the dividends that were paid during the quarter, they were $205 million essentially in each quarter. Now some of you may recall that a portion of the dividend that normally would have been paid in the second quarter was actually paid in the first quarter because it related to the period in the first quarter prior to which we were public. But again, effectively it was a $205 million dividend in each quarter, which means if you look at the second quarter of ’11, that we didn’t fully cover that. Now that’s going to be normal seasonality for the second quarter because we have two tax payments in the second quarter. And so we went through this before, but just to refresh everybody’s memory on kind of the big swings quarter-to-quarter, in the first quarter, we tend to have high coverage because we have no tax payment. Now, we do have a cash interest payment, but still we tend to have high coverage in the first quarter. In the second quarter, we tend to have low coverage because we have two tax payments. The third quarter tends to be low coverage because we have a tax payment and an interest payment. And then the fourth quarter tends to be high coverage because we have a tax payment, but no interest payment. And the other things that are going on, again, just seasonally is sometimes the NGPL distributions move around and you can see that because we’ve received about $10 million year-to-date and I said that we expect to be on our full year budget. Our full year budget is $33 million. And so those will be greater in the second half than they were in the first half. Additionally, the distributions from KMP tend to grow quarter-to-quarter because we grow distributions at KMP. So that means that KMI received more. And so, again, beyond kind of the cash taxes and the cash interest, you get – from KMP, you should expect increasing distributions every quarter. Now, and Rich mentioned this, we have taken the dividend for the third quarter that will be paid in the third quarter to $0.30. So that will be paid in August. We are on track to generate greater than $830 million of cash available to pay dividends. And our budget was $820 million. Really a lot of that comes in the second half of the year when the general partner incentive is going to be above our budget. Now in conjunction with that, as I mentioned a minute ago, when the general partner incentive is above budget, it is fully taxable. And so our cash taxes also will be above budget and the second half of the year. But again, as we look at our forecast, we expect to be above $830 million for the entire year and that has what made us comfortable in increasing the dividend to $0.30. Now, one of the things just to think about with respect to KMI, again because we do it all on a paid basis, both in terms of what we receive and in terms of our forecast for the dividend that we will pay, once we are past November, then the KMI budget year is essentially done. I mean, it’s done in terms of what we expect to receive because we received essentially all of our distributions from KMP at that point once the November distribution is paid. And it’s also done in terms of our budgeted and forecasted 2011 KMI dividend because what we budgeted and forecasted is what we will pay during the four quarters of 2011. So when we talked about $1.16 for the year, that was what was going to be paid in the four quarters of 2011. Again, just something to keep in mind another nuance of going off of paid versus declared. The next page is the income statement for KMI. I’m not going to spend any time on this. I don’t think that is overly helpful in seeing what drives KMI. I really believe that the first page is, I think that lays out all of the drivers for KMI. This also consolidates KMP. So, most of the movements that you see in here are related to KMP. It includes all the certain items at KMP and it includes all of the certain items at KMI. Just to refresh your memory, some of the certain items that are at KMI but not at KMP will include the special bonus although that showed up in part of KMP as well. The shareholders litigation, but especially insurance recovery from the shareholder litigation, shows up here we have not counted that as ongoing recurring cash flow. And then there our purchase accounting effects that show up here that again I think just stored the understanding of what is driving KMI. There is one thing that I’ll point out when you get down to diluted earnings per common share. You will see that there are two numbers there, and it’s true of the basic earnings per common share as well. There are the Class P shares and the Class A shares. And the Class A share amount is actually less than the Class P share amount. The only reason for that is because there is some sharing amongst the Class As, the Class Bs, and the Class P. And you will find this in footnote two. But keep in mind that the total number of P shares that all of the As, Bs and Cs can convert into is fixed. And what that means is, however things are divided between the As, Bs and Cs, the Ps have no impact. However this stuff is divided between the As, Bs and Cs, it has no impact on the Ps. It will never dilute the Ps, it will never impact the Ps. It’s all just amongst – it is a part and it’s a fixed part, and it just – what will be determined going forward is how it’s split between the As, Bs and Cs. So again, this number that you see there, the diluted earnings per common share for Class A shares and the basic earnings per common share for Class A shares has no meaning and really there’s not any reason to pay attention to it. And there’s not any real reason or there’s not any real information you’re going to glean from the basic earnings per common share for the Class P shares as well. I think it’s much more relevant to focus on the cash flow on the first page. Now the next page is the reconciliation between income from continuing operations and cash available to pay dividends. I went through this in some detail last quarter. I’m not going to go through it in detail this quarter. The reconciliation is there. You can look at it. If you have questions on it, I’d be happy to address them. And so the last page on the KMI financials is the balance sheet. Now this is the true KMI balance sheet, which means it consolidates KMP. We have break out the KMP amount so that you can see the differences. Now that being said, there are still distortions. For example, the property, plant and equipment. That KMI line is about four lines down from the top, KMI does not actually have $2.4 billion of assets. What KMI has is investments in KMP and an investment in NGPL. But because of the purchase accounting that has to be implemented at the time of the MBO, KMI has to carry KMP’s assets at a greater value than where KMP carries them. And so the vast majority of that $2.4 billion that you see there relates to purchase accounting adjustments on KMP assets when they get consolidated into KMI. Again, I’m only bringing this up because again I don’t think that these numbers are overly meaningful. What is relevant are the debt numbers. And we show that down at the bottom, and again as always, we’ll take you through what’s going on there. So KMI’s debt, about $3.2 billion, a little over $3.2 billion. It’s up about $17 million from where it was at the end of 2010. It’s also about $42 million from it was at the end of the first quarter. And so first starting with the quarter change of $42 million, we had cash flow during the quarter of $154 million. We had dividends of $100 million. Normally, that would have been the $205 million that I mentioned. But remember, a portion of that was paid in the first quarter. And so the dividends actually paid in the quarter were just $100 million. We paid out the special bonus, which was cash but didn’t actually come from the company. We paid out that bonus of $100 million in the quarter. We had a tax benefit that doesn’t show up in our recurring cash taxes because it really was a one-time benefit of $21 million. So that was a positive. We did get KMR distributions $15 million that were not converted to cash. And so that is a use of cash. And then we had some fees in the general partner contribution to KMP of about a few more million dollars, which gives you to the $42 million essentially increase in debt. For year-to-date, debts gone up about $17 million. We generated $405 million. We paid dividends of $410 million, except the $64 million of that $410 million was retained in order to fund the after-tax amount of the $100 million bonus. And so the total dividends paid is really $410 million less $64 million. Then again, the $100 million went out. We had the tax benefit of the year of about $21 million. KMR again was in essence of use of cash of $30 million because we received those shares, but we haven’t yet converted them to cash. We had the MBO insurance receivable of $46 million. And then we had some fees and the GP contribution, which got us to $17 million of an increase in debt year-to-date. So again, those are the things that are going on impacting the debt balance. The big items again are just cash generated and dividends paid, although again this year there is a little bit of noise because of the timing on when the dividends are paid and because of the special bonus that was paid and the dividends that were retained as part of that. And that is KMI. I’ll give it back to Rich.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Tamera, we’re prepared to take any questions if you’ll come back on. Tamera, we are ready to take questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from Darren Horowitz. Please announce your company.
Darren Horowitz – Raymond James: Raymond James. Good afternoon, Rich, everybody.
Rich Kinder: Darren, how are you?
Darren Horowitz – Raymond James: Good. Thank you. Rich, just a couple quick questions. I want to go back to an earlier point regarding CO2. Can you just talk about the associated cost to increase production out of Southwest Colorado above that 1.3 Bcf a day level? And specifically any additional color into the scale of expansion opportunities you are evaluating will be very helpful.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Yes. I’ll start and then I’ll ask Tim Bradley, who is sitting next to me and heads up our CO2 segment, to talk about it. But basically, we have a lot of demand from customers, very interested in signing significant long-term contracts that would be additive to 1.3 billion cubic feet a day that we’re now moving – producing in Colorado and then moving down the line to the Permian. The costs associated with that would involve obviously producing the CO2 in the Southwest Colorado and then either expanding the present infrastructure to get it down to the Permian or building new infrastructure that would tie and to other areas of the Permian. With that, I’ll kind of let Tim take a crack at it.
Tim Bradley: Thank you, Rich. Our current look at what we are planning to initiating the expansion on would include an increase of capacity by approximately 100 million cubic feet a day above what our current production capacity is. And that type of expansion may very well last us for upwards of 10 years of that increased capacity. And the total capital cost of this project is still under study as a result of the front end engineering money that we talked about last quarter, but would be on the order of $500 million, $600 million of investment over the next several years if customers are willing to sign up for that increased take. We do have recent conversations with another customer that is asking us to consider a proposal that would be a much more significant increase to just 100 million cubic feet a day. Those discussions are very early. It’s probably premature to get into that. But that’s another element of our valuation that we’re going to start undertaking at the present time that might increase the capacity by another 200 million feet a day or even more beyond what we are currently producing. So this is a bit of work in progress, and we’re hoping to pin these things down from an operational standpoint as well as from a contractual standpoint in the weeks and months to come.
Darren Horowitz – Raymond James: Tim, I appreciate the color. Rich, final question for me. Regarding that new 300,000 barrel a day crude/condensate line out of the Eagle Ford, recognizing that you guys are further along with producers, but can at this point you give us a sense of the capacity commitments by third parties that you are targeting? I’m really just trying to get a feel beyond that initial 50,000 barrel a day anchor commitment, the level of additional commitments that could be forthcoming and more importantly, the associated return on that $220 million project as that capacity gets committed.
Rich Kinder: I think we said last time, Darren, that even if we didn’t move any more than the 50,000 barrels a day, it provides with adequate return above our cost of capital. So anything on top of that, we just increase. There is a couple of moving parts there. One is the volume, and we certainly expect to fill the great bulk of the 300,000 barrels a day over some time period. The second moving part is that we are perfectly willing to expand that system outside of Cuero to pick up additional volume. Some volumes lend themselves to coming into the line at Cuero and some would involve expansions, which would be additional capital, and that capital cost would get plugged into figuring up what our overall return is. So it just depends on where in the Eagle Ford play the producers want to intersect our line to move their volumes. But we think it’s going to be a very good project. As we said earlier, we’d expect to get at least a mid-teens return on the overall project and maybe significantly better than that.
Darren Horowitz – Raymond James: I appreciate it, Rich. Thank you.
Rich Kinder: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Bradley Olsen. Could you please state your company name?
Bradley Olsen – Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Good afternoon, guys.
Rich Kinder: Good afternoon, Brad.
Bradley Olsen – Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Just a couple quick ones. On the Natural Gas segment, I guess I was kind of expecting a little bit of a sequential ramp from first quarter to second quarter just given the fact that you have improving volumes on the KinderHawk system as well as the fact that Fayetteville Express is coming online. Could you discuss just a little bit – you mentioned that it was Rockies Express property tax as well as some issues at KMIGT. Are there issues on kind of either of those systems that are going to be persisting or do you expect kind of a return to the margin levels from the first quarter going forward?
Park Shaper: We typically have seasonality in the Natural Gas Pipeline segment. I think we have published those. I mean, you can just go historically and look at our segment earnings for before DD&A or the segment for the last few years and you will see that. And so what we saw this quarter was not unusual and actually was expected. Now, the segment was a tiny bit under its budget, but we’re talking about $2 million under its budget. And so it was consistent with our expectations. And so – I apologize if you were expecting sequential growth, but I do recommend that you go and you look at our historic seasonality and the numbers that we have put out that kind of show and lay out that seasonality by segment. And you will see how these things vary by season.
Bradley Olsen – Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Okay. Thank you.
Rich Kinder: And a point on SEC [ph], Fayetteville was in service on the 1st of January of this year. So that was in both quarters.
Bradley Olsen – Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Okay. And there was no volume ramp-up? I guess I was just looking at the significantly higher transportation volumes for this quarter.
Rich Kinder: That’s compared to the second quarter a year ago, and of course it is, because Fayetteville wasn’t online the second quarter a year ago. There is a ramp-up, but most of the ramp-up is later this year.
Bradley Olsen – Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Right. Okay. Great. Thanks for that. And as far as the charge that you guys took in the PUC case, are you guys thinking about how that might be allocated to the extent that it would become a realized cash charge? Would you guys kind of approach it with the same way that you did the Santa Fe settlement with an ICT, or how would you determine that being distributed between KMP and KMI?
Rich Kinder: Well, let me say first of all, of course, it’s a long way from here to Tipperary. We’re going to appeal this and we’ll just see what the – how the orders come out. But if and when the cash payments for refunds are actually due, we think at this time we probably would not require an ICT. We obviously have a great deal of accumulated in excess coverage over the years. But we just have to look at that and see what our cumulative coverage is at that time and what it looks like going forward and where we are with regard to when the actual cash payments get made.
Park Shaper: We did take an ICT previously a year ago and we believed at that time that that was going to be sufficient to cover the payments due then and any future payments. Now, we were not counting on the fact that the CPUC would refuse an income tax allowance, and that’s what’s resulted in the additional reserve this period. But the ICT analysis is different from the accounting reserve analysis. And so, as Rich says, we’ll make that determination at that time. I think the important thing is what we’ve stated when the decision came out and what we reiterated in the earnings release is that we don’t expect the payment of refunds to have any impact on the KMP distribution or on the KMI dividend.
Bradley Olsen – Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Okay, great. And just one more question. As far as the Watco investment, you guys mentioned that there might be some announcements forthcoming throughout the third quarter. Would you expect that those announcements have anything to do with rail projects, which might help alleviate the bottleneck at Cushing, or are those more related to, I think, the Eagle Ford kind of area projects that you and Watco might have announced – or made an announcement earlier this year about pursuing?
Rich Kinder: Yes. No, we expect to make announcements on at least one of those and hopefully on both of them. But we think we may have more than one announcement, but certainly both of those are areas we’re involved in. And this looks very good from the standpoint of – again, we talked about this as linked on the last call, I won’t go over it again. But our customers who want rail capacity, both in the Eagle Ford – and in fact in the Eagle Ford, in some areas we’re even going to be providing some truck capacity for them to get them to a central point. And we can do to help our customers on an interim basis until pipeline capacity gets built up that we want to deal them [ph] that specifically applies to the situation that presently exists in Oklahoma, of course.
Bradley Olsen – Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Great. Thanks a lot for the color.
Operator: Next question comes from John Tysseland. Could you please announce your company?
John Tysseland – Citigroup: Hi, guys, good afternoon. Citigroup. Rich, I suppose once again we are seeing a number of different pipeline projects being announced except this time on the crude oil side of the business. I’m interested on how you’re approaching build-out cost this time around and what you’ve seen, if any, on cost escalations for the infrastructure, particularly the Eagle Ford? Are your projects turnkey at this point or have you just built in some cushion there?
Rich Kinder: Well, we think we have a detailed engineering and we have already contracted to the long lead-time items. And so far, anything we are running a bit under our estimate on the condensate line, just a bit under the 220, but I wouldn’t reduce that at this time. I think that’s about where we end up. We think we have numbers that embrace what the current situation is. And again, we’ve already tied up the long lead-time items.
Park Shaper: And further protection to us, just remember that a significant portion of the crude/condensate line is conversion of an existing line. And so it does require that we lay new pipe, we just have to do some work to convert it from gas service to crude or condensate service.
Rich Kinder: But just on some other indications with regard to our joint venture line with Copano, that is basically finished now going into service on August 1st. And that’s coming in right at its budget. So we are not seeing any kind of wild inflation on the pipelines side. And I know there have been some increases some of the upstream players have reported, but thus far, we have not seen that on the pipeline side the kind of assets that we are putting in.
John Tysseland – Citigroup: And then I think back to parts kind of when on the conversion. I mean, obviously that gives you a lot of cost advantage there. And during your cost cap, you could charge a lower rate. Do you kind of see it as – you know, if producers do want to sign up for capacity or incremental capacity coming out of a region that this is a low-cost option or do you see I guess some of the pipelines go into Corpus Christi as being competitive?
Rich Kinder: Certainly I think any pipeline coming out of Eagle Ford is competitive, as we said before. It’s a different mix of opportunities that are provided at Corpus Christi. Clearly if you can get into Houston, you have much more refining capacity if you want to know just how that condensate is going to get used, you have more opportunities for usage in Houston. Now you can get to Corpus, and once you’ve used up, forever you’re going to use the refineries here, you can barge it out and there are pluses and minuses to that. But we think what we are offering is very competitive, and even to the extent that we think that eventually that we will be able to make use of some of our huge tank position at the Pasadena/Galena Park for some of this. And there’s even talk, as I think you know, some of this actually going up explore or elsewhere and going all the way through Southern Lights up into Alberta to be used diluents [ph]. I think that in the long run, there is going to be just a hell of a lot of condensate coming out of the Eagle Ford. It’s going to seek the highest best use, some that will end up in refineries in Houston, some in Corpus, some will go over to Baton Rouge and go into other pipelines there, some I think will end up being used as diluents. Just all kinds of different uses, and some of that depends on the exact grade of condensate coming through the line and there will be blending opportunities. So we think overall we’re going to offer, we hope, something close to one-stop shopping, but there is lot of competition out there and there will be a lot of good services offered to people who are producing condensate in Eagle Ford. And that should be the case.
John Tysseland – Citigroup: That’s great color and very helpful. Does that mean that you potentially could be looking at some more Houston tank expansions given what’s going on right now?
Rich Kinder: We are looking at those opportunities, yes.
John Tysseland – Citigroup: And then lastly, a quick clarification question on the S&T business and CO2 segment. Is the strong demand that you mentioned for incremental volumes for CO2, is that purely from third parties or is that incremental demand from KMP’s own operations?
Rich Kinder: That’s from third parties, John.
John Tysseland – Citigroup: Okay. Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Ted Durbin with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Ted Durbin – Goldman Sachs: Thanks. If I could come back to – and I appreciate the sort of preliminary look on the 2012 outlook. Can you break down – if you say you’re going to above budget, how much of that is would you say attributable to the CO2 segment and oil prices versus how much of it is the acquisition activity you’ve done, the organic growth? Can you give us a little more detail there?
Rich Kinder: I think, again, we’ve just done an overview at the treetop level, and I think to give any more color on it will need to wait till we get through the budget process, which as usual we will put out in the mid-November timeframe.
Park Shaper: And if you wanted to calculate the impact of the hedges yourself, I mean, we do publish what our hedge profile is. And so you can go and run those calculations.
Kimberly Allen Dang: There’s an $18 increase in the hedge price.
Ted Durbin – Goldman Sachs: Yes, that is helpful. Thank you. And then if you could just talk a little bit more about – it sounds like you are pretty previous on the acquisition of Petrohawk. How much more upside you might see in the Haynesville and Eagle Ford from the acquisition?
Rich Kinder: Well, you all need to judge that too. The numbers that we saw published by BHP show that contrasted with Petrohawk spending about $2.9 billion, I think, at the present time for drilling that BHP said they were going to take it to $4 billion in 2015 and $6 billion by 2020. I believe those are the numbers. Someone forwarded to us their actual presentation. That’s where I took those numbers out of. So who knows exactly how it will turn out? But I think the positive thing is clearly this is a huge investment by BHP, and I think you will see them ramp up the drilling program and the production in the Haynesville and for that matter in the Eagle Ford also. But certainly I think it will be a positive for our investment in both places. And again, I know there’s some doubt in commerce [ph] out there about the Haynesville. We’re very positive this is an area that’s going to be producing for 30 years or more to come. And just by way of volume, we are now over. We actually in the last couple of weeks of June crossed over the Bcf a day. We’re now running modestly above 1 Bcf a day. We said that’s what we projected we would average for the year, and we hope to end the year at about 1.2 Bcf a day. So we are over the 1 Bcf and still growing now. So we think that Haynesville is going to turn out to be a very good investment for us.
Ted Durbin – Goldman Sachs: That’s helpful. Thanks. If I could just one more – do you have any updates on the Bakken? I know you’ve tried to get some volumes on the Cochin there. Any update on the success you are having there?
Rich Kinder: We are still in negotiations and talking about two or three different alternatives, and – but no specific update at this time.
Ted Durbin – Goldman Sachs: Okay. That’s it for me. Thanks a lot.
Rich Kinder: Thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from John Edwards with Morgan Keegan. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Hey, John, how are you doing?
John Edwards – Morgan Keegan: Yes. Good afternoon, Rich. Doing well. Thank you. Just real quick, you mentioned very strong demand for CO2 and I’m just wondering – as far as pricing, are you seeing that firm up as well?
Rich Kinder: Yes, our – and I’ll let Tim jump in on that. Yes, we are seeing a firming up of pricing. Tim?
Tim Bradley: Yes. I think without getting too specific, we did have a number of different customers and a variety of different contracts. But generally over the years, our CO2 contracting has been tied to a certain percentage of oil price. And what we are seeing is that that percentage of oil price is increasing. So we’re able to capitalize on the tightening supply-demand picture by increasing the price. Obviously, with current oil prices being approximately $100 a barrel, the calculated value is going up as well as the percentage. So, very strong conditions for us to look at some significant expansion opportunities.
John Edwards – Morgan Keegan: Okay, great. Thank you. That’s all I had.
Rich Kinder: Okay.
Operator: Next question comes from Brian Zarahn from Barclays Capital. Your line is open.
Brian Zarahn – Barclays Capital: Good afternoon.
Rich Kinder: Hey, Brian, how are you doing?
Brian Zarahn – Barclays Capital: I’m doing well, Rich. Thank you. On the 2011 distribution, if you were to exceed the 460 budget, do you think a decision would be more likely in the third quarter or later in the year?
Rich Kinder: We’ll just look at that. I think the third quarter would probably be a good time when we would look at it. Right now, as Park said, we look to be well above plan and we run our numbers for the third quarter. And I think, as Park mentioned, that’s looking above plan in the third quarter also. So I think we will just look at that. Now, we are not going to do anything crazy here, because to us, maintaining a healthy level of excess coverage is important. But if the year continues to develop as well as it looks like it will, we’re going to look seriously at that for the third and fourth quarter.
Park Shaper: And Rich, you actually reminded me of something that I forgot to say earlier, but – I talked about the second quarter. I didn’t necessarily break it down by quarter. If we look at our forecast right now by quarter, we have just slight coverage of our expected distribution in the third quarter. And so then that means we have tremendous coverage in the fourth quarter, and that gets us to the excess coverage that we are talking about for the year. So again, I just wanted to provide that information for everybody’s benefit.
Brian Zarahn – Barclays Capital: And then on expansion CapEx for 2011, are you looking at $2.5 billion or above that figure?
Kimberly Allen Dang: $2.5 billion.
Park Shaper: Yes, including acquisitions.
Kimberly Allen Dang: Including the Petrohawk acquisition, yes.
Rich Kinder: Including Petrohawk acquisition, about $2.5 billion.
Brian Zarahn – Barclays Capital: Okay. And then regarding the BHP’s acquisition of Petrohawk, has that increased or decreased the probability of you acquiring the remaining stake at EagleHawk?
Rich Kinder: We really don’t know that. We will just have to see what BHP’s attitude is on that. We certainly – assuming the price is reasonable, we certainly would want to do just what we did with KinderHawk, which is at the appropriate time when we have a willing seller in the Haynesville to have a little more to go ahead and buy the rest of it. But that would be a decision BHP will have to make, and we look forward to working with them anyway we can because they will be our biggest customer on KinderHawk up in Haynesville, and we’ll have this joint venture with them down in Eagle Ford. So we want to work with them and we just see how things come out.
Brian Zarahn – Barclays Capital: Okay. And then on the Products Pipeline business, the central part is volume. Do you expect that to be short-term issue or more sustained due to increased competition?
Rich Kinder: It just depends on – the issue there is of course we are a little bit captive of our customers. Our customers are bringing the fine products into our terminal in Tampa and our couple other terminals besides. And then some of it get distributed in the Tampa area and then some get put into pipeline and moved over to Orlando where we have the terminal and distributed from that point. And what we’ve had is a competing terminal up at Port Canaveral that has brought in supply that the supply is apparently considerably cheaper than – because of the source of the supply, considerably cheaper so that it’s not really a matter of the tariff on the pipeline itself. So they’ve been able to take some volume away particularly in that area, east of Orlando where they are trucking in. I have no idea whether that supply – source of cheaper supply is going to stay or not, but I suspect it will not be permanent, but I don’t know exactly when that would change.
Brian Zarahn – Barclays Capital: A final question. Are there any updates to your crude oil hedges?
Kimberly Allen Dang: Sure. I can tell you what they all are. 2011, we’re at $71 and 88% hedged; 2012, we are 67% hedge at $89; ’13 is 45% at approximately $92; ’14 is 23% at approximately $93; and ’15 is 10% at close to $100.
Rich Kinder: And those are excluding NGLs –
Kimberly Allen Dang: That’s with the heavy NGLs. That was the way we presented it.
Brian Zarahn – Barclays Capital: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Yves Siegel with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Rich Kinder: Hi, Yves, how you’re doing?
Yves Siegel – Credit Suisse: Terrific. Thank you. I just have some clarifying questions. Just going back to CO2, Tim, could you mention what you thought the infrastructure investment would be if you increase capacity on the production side?
Tim Bradley: We have preliminary numbers, and that leaves at approximately $600 million increased capacity by 100 million feet a day. But also to sustain that increased production capacity for nearly a decade, that doesn’t include the pipe option. The pipe options are still a bit up in the air. We might be able to squeeze that additional capacity in our Cortez system or there may be alternative disposition that we want to evaluate and add to that capital aspect. But again, it’s very early estimates and we’re still doing some front-end engineering work to refine those estimates. And those numbers include both the cost of well drilling as well as that facilities that would be associated with that increased production.
Yves Siegel – Credit Suisse: So what’s the timeline if you would go forward with that?
Tim Bradley: The first phase of the project, if we were to be able to contract the volumes and to secure the approval of our Board, would be hopefully later this year, early next year to get that project evaluated and put forth. The first phase of it, which would be approximately the first 50 million feet a day or so.
Yves Siegel – Credit Suisse: And how quick could you turn that investment into revenue?
Tim Bradley: Probably a two-year total construction project based upon our recent history when we’ve expanded the McElmo Dome and did the Doe Canyon development. We started that in 2006. It didn’t get completely finished until sometime in 2008. So I think that that’s a reasonable framework to assume at this point.
Rich Kinder: (inaudible) will be talking about bringing it on piecemeal as we went, and that’s compared to there’s 50 million a day that could come on more quickly than the rest of it.
Yves Siegel – Credit Suisse: Okay. Could you also just expand again on what you’re thinking on Trans Mountain and how much capital that might absorb if you would go ahead with it?
Rich Kinder: Yes. This is – it has the potential to bring in enormous projects. But again, we don’t want to get out in front of ourselves, the advantage that we have with Trans Mountain, as you recall, is that we can expand it piecemeal, and this is all public data we have talked about before and certainly with our customers. But just order of magnitude to get something, we now move 300,000 barrels a day on the system to get the next phase, which is some earlier partial looping in certain areas to get 60,000 to 80,000 barrels additional is about – we believe about $1.3 billion. If you wanted to go to 300,000 barrels a day, which is a number some people have mentioned in on top of what I’ve just mentioned, probably another, and these are ballpark figures, something in the range of $3 billion. But all of that is – I think what I would take away from it is it would be large projects, but it could be done incrementally. And it just depends on what the customers wanted. Right now, as you know, there is a lot of interest in getting to ports on the West Coast. We could build ourselves in relative terms pretty quickly. But again we’re not going to do it if our customers aren’t willing to stand up for it. I think they will in the end, but we’ll just have to see.
Yves Siegel – Credit Suisse: And when do you think you may know if the customers would decide to go ahead with it?
Rich Kinder:
 : You want to pick up 60,000 to 80,000 barrels, we could do that relatively quickly with much lower cost throughput agreements than if you’re going to build 500,000 barrels obviously at one time for billions of dollars. So that’s an advantage we have, and we also have a right of way that we’ve been on 50 years, and we think we have pretty good relationships with the First Nations tribes along that right of way. But that is no guarantee that you won’t have drawn out proceedings with them and that you won’t have issues to get this thing done. So we’re trying to be very realistic about it. We think we offer very good alternative we’ve seen. And there’s a saying it seems as time has come but – you know, we’ll just have to see how well this plays out.
Yves Siegel – Credit Suisse: And then, Rich, on Rockies Express, what’s the thought process of potentially reversing some of that line?
Rich Kinder: Well, it started out, I guess, in the mind of a reporter who asked a question and we said – Mark Kissel, who runs our Western Pipelines, said, well, yes, we might do a backhaul and might move volumes west through displacement, and I guess the confusion was that he thought displacement was we’re going to turn the line route. Look, if our customers wanted to reverse that line – wanted us to reverse that line tomorrow, we would be happy to work with them and do it. Now that we’ve got contracts, we still have 8.5 years to run that call for us to do it from west to east and it’s completely full right now. So one would think that certainly, as you have more production in the Marcellus, the first thing you would do is actually have a displacement. So, for example, you could actually redeliver molecules coming into the line on the east part of the system in Opal, Wyoming, and have that goal on Ruby out to the West Coast. So you actually, in theory, could be somebody producing a molecule in Marcellus, could actually get it to Oregon. Whether that happens, I don’t know. But that would certainly be a displacement. Backhaul arrangements would be the first thing you would do long before you reverse the line. Now, at some point in time, you could reverse that line. You have to add some – change some compression on some of the stations that depended on how far you wanted to go. I think we are far a long distance from reversing that line, but again we said so many times if we have pipe in the ground, I think you have a huge advantage of. We will make it do whatever our customers want us to do in the long-term with that very valuable, huge 42-inch conduit that we have in REX.
Yves Siegel – Credit Suisse: Let’s just pretend I didn’t ask that question, okay? And here’s the last question, and I’m pretty sure I know the answer to it but – at Kinder Morgan, Inc. level, what’s the thought process of perhaps making acquisitions up there with the intent of dropping down assets since the partnership?
Rich Kinder: If the right opportunity came along, we would do that. If we have a plan to drop them down, what we don’t want to do is go back to being a mixed business up there where you have some non-qualifying asset sitting up there, and instead of being able to explain very simply, hey, we’re a general partner and here is what we get from KMP and you get what we get less taxes and interest. We don’t want to get away from that story. But if we have the right opportunity where we could see a very clear open field to getting it dropped down into KMP, then that might be of interest to us. So we’ll just continue to look at it.
Yves Siegel – Credit Suisse: Thank you very much.
Operator: Next question comes from TJ Schultz with RBC Capital Markets.
TJ Schultz – RBC Capital Markets: Hi, guys, good afternoon. Just two quick questions. First on the Natural Gas segment, can you give us the contribution from the segment earnings before DD&A from the recent HK transaction or alternatively just talk about how the business ex that transaction is kind of tracking towards plan?
Rich Kinder: We think that for KinderHawk, for the year, we’ll come out pretty much on plan for the year. In other words, we had a plan obviously when we owned half of it. And we think that’s tracking pretty much to plan. And then now we own 100% of it for the rest of the year, and we have put in the plan for the whole 100% to the last six months. And we expect that to come out on plan maybe a little bit better, but right on plan we think.
TJ Schultz – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. I think you said 45 million to 50 million above plan. So everything else is kind of tracking towards plan. So that excess is from the transaction. Is that the right way to look at it?
Park Shaper: Yes. And in the segment, the excess above budgeted forecast is from the transaction. And just to be clear, getting – he said the recent Hawk transaction. I mean, the only transaction that had an impact in the first half of ’11 was the one that was closed in the second quarter of ’10. The transaction that just closed this year didn’t close until July 1st. And so we had no impact in the first half.
TJ Schultz – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Got it. Just moving on to export coal opportunity, you’ve talked before about 28 million to 30 million tons of export capacity kind of at a cost of $175 million. I know you’ve talked about getting into more advanced conversations. Just curious as to that 28 million to 30 million tons is still kind of the potential for the capacity there.
Rich Kinder: Yes. I think just looking at the whole field, I think if anything we’re bullish now than we were. As you know, we’re already expanding IMT pursuant to a long-term contract with one coal producer. We have already expanded and are continuing to expand some of our Houston Ship channel facilities to handle another export coal. We expect to have an announcement on additional customer at IMT within the next few weeks and probably additional there and in Houston two additional customers within the quarter, we hope. So a lot of activity here, and that’s just really on the Houston Ship channel and south of New Orleans. And we have other opportunities in some of our other terminals that we are actively working on, but we’re further way from actually having signed deals yet. So we’ve met with a lot of management that we think that the appetite for coal in China and India is enormous. It’s pulling various supply sources from around the world, which gives us opportunities for American producers not just in the developing world like China and India but to make up for – in Europe, for example, for South African coal that’s now going to India. So there’s just a lot of – it is a worldwide market and we’re finding that the major American coal companies are very interested in tying up for long periods of time facilities that will allow them to move coal product, either by rail or barge, and they like optionality of both to facilities like we have on the coast and then be able to load them in the ships to go wherever they have long-term contracts.
TJ Schultz – RBC Capital Markets: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Next question comes from Cathleen Keane [ph] from Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Cathleen Keane – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Good evening, everyone.
Rich Kinder: Hi, how are you doing?
Cathleen Keane – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Good. Just wondering if you guys can talk about the capital plan around the Katz Field, given the slower than expected ramp in production there. Is there any plan to spend a bit more CapEx there to get things going or –? If you could just talk about that?
Rich Kinder: Tim?
Tim Bradley: The short answer is no, we are not spending money to accelerate the project. And the key reason for that is that the CO2 supply is so tight that even if we had the wells and facilities ready to take more CO2, the CO2 just isn’t there. Rich had mentioned that we’re prorating our customers a bit, we’re prorating ourselves a bit. So we’re kind of boxing at the present time now. Once the CO2 supply situation relaxes a bit, I think that’s certainly an option that we would consider. But at the present time, we’ve got activated 12 patterns, which is close to our plan year-to-date, but we’re probably going to go a little bit slower because our CO2 supplies that are available for the rest of the year a little bit less than what we had expected.
Cathleen Keane – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Got you. Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: We show no further questions.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Well, thank you all very much. Have a good evening, and if you have any further questions, feel free to contact us. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today’s call. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Bruce Connery - Vice President of Investor and Media Relations Brent Smolik - Principal Executive Officer, President, Director and President of ConocoPhillips Canada John Sult - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Douglas Foshee - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President James Yardley - Chairman of the Board of El Paso's Pipeline Group, Chairman of Southern Natural Gas Company, Chairman of the Board of Tennessee Gas Pipeline Company, President of El Paso Southern Pipeline Group and Executive Vice President of Pipeline Group
Analysts: Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc Brad Olsen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Amanda, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the El Paso Corporation First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I'll now turn the call over to Bruce Connery, Vice President of Investor and Media Relations.
Bruce Connery: Good morning, and thank you for joining our call. In just a moment, I'll turn the call over to Doug Foshee, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of El Paso. You will hear from 3 other speakers in our call this morning: J.R. Sult, our CFO; Jim Yardley, Chairman of the Pipeline Group; and Brent Smolik, President of El Paso Exploration & Production Company. Mark Leland, President of our Midstream Group, is here as well and will be available during Q&A.  During this morning's call, we will be referring to slides that are available in the Investors section of our website, www.elpaso.com. Also on our website, you will find a financial and operating reporting package that includes information that we believe you will find helpful, as well as GAAP financial statements and non-GAAP reconciliations. During this call, we will make a number of forward-looking statements and projections. We have made every reasonable effort to ensure that information and assumptions on which these statements and projections are based are current, reasonable and complete. However, there are variety of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the statements and projections expressed during this call. You will find those factors listed under cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements on Slide 2 of this morning’s presentation, as well as in other SEC filings. We do not assume any obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Finally, I’d like to ask those of you who will be participating in the Q&A to limit yourself to 2 questions so that we give more people an opportunity to participate. Thanks for your help on this. And now I'll turn the call over to Doug.
Douglas Foshee: Thanks, Bruce, and good morning. Before we begin the call this morning, I'd like to reach out to all of our employees, their families, our customers and our neighbors in Alabama. Our thoughts and prayers are with you as you begin the recovery process following the recent horrific storms. El Paso and our employees are supporting Red Cross relief efforts and will continue to do so. Now for our first quarter results.  We are delighted to have another good quarter in the books. The momentum we felt at year end has continued through the first quarter, and we hope to show evidence of that this morning and again on May 24 at our Analyst Day in New York. J.R. will go over our financial results in some detail, but let me say here that we are ahead of our own internal plan in virtually every financial area. The E&P team continues to hit on all cylinders, with volumes ahead of plan, unit cost coming down and inflation being kept in check with continuing efficiency gains.  We announced earlier this quarter that after a lengthy process, we've decided to go it alone on our Eagle Ford acreage. We had a fulsome process and received quality bids. In the end, however, our judgment was that the highest return outcome for our shareholders was to hold this acreage and develop it ourselves at our pace.  As we've matured our activity there, we've gained confidence that this is the kind of high-quality, repeatable resource that fits our strategy to a tee. As this occurred and we derisked the acreage, its value went up. And given current and anticipated commodity prices, we felt that the value of this high-quality liquids inventory was key to our ongoing E&P story. We'll give you a full update on the impacts of this decision to our overall plan for 2011 at our Analyst Day later this month, but the news will be good.  Brent will talk in more detail about another exciting oil-related story, the Wolfcamp. But the short story is that we're extremely pleased with what we see on our own, as well as on offset acreage. We're still early, but we know enough already to know we will be drilling in the Wolfcamp for a very long time. With prices at the most recent university land sale having more than doubled since our entry less than a year ago, others apparently share that opinion.  In the pipes, we continue to make progress in putting into service the balance of an $8 million backlog or growth projects. During the quarter, FGT Phase VIII went into service on time and on budget. The second phase of the SNG expansion will go into service June 1. And Jim will provide an update on activities at Ruby where we expect to go in service in July.  Out West, EPNG has been our most challenging pipeline, given that it serves the Arizona and California markets, which have been particularly hard hit during the recent recession. We've alluded in the past to the potential for expansion at EPNG to serve new utility load in Mexico. We've now brought the first of those expansions to fruition with a project to serve 2 new power gen plants in the state of Sonora. This represents 185 million cubic feet a day of incremental firm transport on EPNG, a significant addition to loads on this pipe. And given that between TGP and EPNG we now provide 75% of the transport into Mexico, we expect to compete very favorably for any additional load going forward. This is a great piece of business and a big win for our team out West.  While we don't have a report on our Midstream efforts today, I will say that we are very encouraged by recent announcements by Dow Chemical, Chevron Phillips Chemical and Westlake Chemical about their expansion plans, primarily on the Gulf Coast. Others have estimated that this could result in an additional demand in the Gulf Coast of over 250,000 barrels a day of ethane. This means that the Gulf Coast will continue to be the demand center for ethane. We believe our MEPS project is best positioned to move the large volumes of ethane produced from the Marcellus to the Gulf Coast, and we continue to work closely with our customers to get this one over the finish line.  Finally, we completed our first MLP drop of the year in the first quarter, continuing a string of successful drop downs, with EPB issuing more than $450 million of new equity. As in the past, we continue to target MLP proceeds to improving our balance sheet strength, as we march toward investment grade.  With that, I'll turn it over to J.R. to review our financial results for the quarter, and I'll come back at the end to wrap up.
John Sult: Thanks, Doug. And good morning, everyone. As Doug just mentioned, we are off to a good start this year. So that makes my job this morning pretty straightforward. After highlighting our latest drop down to the MLP, I'll provide an overview of our financial results for the quarter and close with an update on our hedge positions.  We completed yet another drop down to El Paso Pipeline Partners during the quarter, our first for 2011 and sixth since our IPO, raising $667 million of cash proceeds. Consistent with our stated strategy, we are using the proceeds to reduce debt at El Paso Corp.  Continued balance sheet improvement remains a top priority for us. That means you should expect more of the same, as we move throughout the year. Although not mentioned in my slides this morning, we also converted our 4.99% preferred into about 58 million shares of El Paso common stock during the quarter. Now this action further demonstrates our commitment to the balance sheet and moves us closer to our goal of achieving an investment grade profile. Now the conversion does not have an impact on our previously announced 2011 earnings per share guidance.  Moving to Slide 6. We reported adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.30 for the quarter, which was slightly below last year. Operational performance in the business units was offset by higher aggregate financing costs attributable to the pipeline expansion projects, namely Ruby. Our effective tax rate for the quarter on a GAAP basis was about 12%, driven by the resolution of several tax matters, as well as earned state tax credits related to recently completed capital projects. Now excluding these items, our effective rate would've been 22% for the quarter. Now our rate will remain well below the statutory rate of 35% and lower than 2010 due to the growth of earnings attributable to non-controlling interests, as we continue to drop more assets into the El Paso Pipeline Partners.  Adjusted segment EBIT was essentially flat quarter-over-quarter, as increases in the Pipeline Group were offset by declines in E&P. In the pipes, higher revenues from the expansion projects placed in service, as well as an increase in allowance for funds used during construction related to Ruby were partially offset by lower revenues in our EPNG system.  In E&P, declines from lower realized natural gas prices and a higher DD&A rate were partially offset by a 5% increase in equivalent production volumes, as well as higher crude oil prices. Now despite the lower earnings, E&P posted strong operational results, as Brett will discuss in a few minutes.  And as we talked about back in our January guidance call, we're reporting business segment results using a new measure this year that excludes non-controlling interests from EBIT and EBITDA. Now remember, this change only impacted the Pipeline Group, and we've adjusted our 2010 measures to conform to the new presentation.  So let's turn to operating cash flow and capital investment on Slide 7. We're essentially on track or even slightly ahead of where we expected to be at the end of the quarter. Cash flow from operations for the quarter exceeded the prior year due primarily to higher E&P cash flows and positive working capital changes. On the capital slide, you see the ramp up in pipeline spending from last year, as we progress through the final phases of several expansion projects, most notably our Ruby Pipeline. The first quarter capital level for the pipelines is expected to be the peak as our spending declines in subsequent quarters, as we near the completion of the original $8 billion expansion backlog.  In our E&P business, spending was up for the quarter, reflecting higher horizontal drilling and completion activity in our core areas in 2011. On Slide 8, I'll close out my comments with an update on our hedge position.  During the quarter, we added a bit to these positions. And as you can see, we are well protected from the risks of low natural gas prices in 2011, with 80% of our gas hedged at an average price of $5.78, well above current market prices. We also have nearly half of our 2012 natural gas production hedged at about $6. And while the near-term gas price environment remains difficult to predict, we are pleased that our hedge positions will provide a level of stability to our cash flows, as we execute our business plans. In fact, since the end of the quarter, we've been able to add some very attractive oil positions that I'll share with you at our May 24 Analyst Day.  So that's my update for you this morning. I'm very happy with our strong start to 2011, and look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James Yardley: Thanks, J.R. The pipelines are off to a very good start in 2011. As J.R. showed, the pipes financials for the quarter reflect our expansion mode, very nice EBIT growth and big CapEx spend. And this year, we're continuing to complete more expansions, 5 additional projects enter service this year. The first one, as Doug said, the FGT Phase VIII expansion, was completed on budget and on-time on April 1. It's a big one, over $2.4 billion of CapEx, 800 a day of additional capacity increasing FGT's capacity into Florida by over 1/3.  On the business development front, also as Doug said, we've just signed an agreement for EPNG to supply new power plants in Mexico. I'll review this project. Generally, it demonstrates the expected increase in exports to Mexico is happening and EPNG is well situated to capitalize on this trend.  Slide 11 summarizes throughput trends for the first quarter versus last year. Overall, flat year-to-date. On the individual pipes, throughput was heavily influenced by weather. On our eastern pipes, significantly colder weather in the Northeast this year benefited TGP. TGP's throughput was at a record high. And in the Southeast, more normal winter temperatures after a very cold early 2010, resulted in lower throughput on SNG.  Other than weather, on our recent pipes, a couple of recent trends continue. One, is that TGP continues to benefit from Marcellus production. Marcellus receipts into TGP are now 1.3 Bs a day, up from 1/2 B a day at this time last year. About 2/3 of all Marcellus production in Pennsylvania is flowing into TGP. As you know, we have $1 billion of expansion projects in process in Northeast Pennsylvania. They will significantly increase our takeaway capacity to help keep up with Marcellus production growth.  Another trend also on SNG, note that despite the more normal winter weather, power gen loads increased up over 10% continuing a trend that we've now seen for the last couple of years.  On our Rockies pipes, throughput decreased, generally WIC and Cheyenne Plains volumes were down due to slightly lower Rockies production and lower overall exports out of the region. CIG was also impacted by this, but much colder weather along the Front Range helped to offset it.  Finally, on EPNG, throughput was down mostly due to higher withdrawals from storage in California this  winter. This backed out interstate transport into California. But importantly, we see signs of increased throughput in the Southwest with the beginnings of an economic recovery there.  So across the country, some ups and downs, but overall, flattish throughput.  Also on EPNG, Slide 12 describes a meaningful new expansion project. This is to serve 2 new power gen plants in Mexico in the state of Sonora. EPNG will provide firm transportation, 185 a day, on our mainline and lateral that extends to the Mexican border. From there, third parties will transport the gas to the plants. This service will start in 2013, and we'll spend $18 million to upgrade the lateral. It means over $30 million in annual revenue for EPNG, which had EBIT of just over $200 million last year as a point of reference.  This is the first in what may be more opportunities to serve growing exports to Mexico. As Doug said, between EPNG and TGP, today we transport about 3/4 of the 1 B a day that is exported to Mexico. We and most consultants expect those exports to double over the next several years, as Mexico turns to gas-fired power gen and as Pemex emphasizes oil production over gas.  EPNG is particularly well positioned for this business. So while EPNG remains the most challenged of our pipes, we see some tangible signs now of improving market demand long-term.  Slide 13 summarizes our big slate of expansion projects that will complete this year. With FGT VIII complete, the next one to go in service will be the second phase of the SNG expansion for Southern Company. It will go in service on June 1. It's on time and likely will be under budget. As you may recall, this expansion serves a newly converted coal plant of Southern's. It's a 2,500-megawatt plant.  Then, next comes Ruby. I'll take a minute here to add some color on current construction activities on Ruby. We are nearly 90% welded out. We have about 80 miles left to complete, all in the western end of the route. About half of this 80 miles is in Western Nevada and half in Oregon. As we said on our last call, we largely shut down our Spread 5 in Western Nevada in March and April for the sage grouse mating season. Just recently, we brought back the pipe gang there and have restarted welding activities. And when the mating season ends on May 15, we'll resume construction on those restricted areas.  During April, we also pulled most of the crews off our spreads in Oregon to let the right-of-way dry after a very wet weather in March. We're going back to work right now on that section. In the interim, we've completed most of the critical stream crossings in Oregon, which is a significant accomplishment.  Outside of these areas that are on the western end, Ruby is very nearly complete. We expect to purge and pack the entire eastern portion of the pipe in May. Also, construction of the compressor stations is now over 90% complete, and commissioning is well underway at the Big Head Station at Opal.  So the finish line on Ruby is in sight. Now as we get back to work on the western end, we'll know more about our progress toward final completion by the time of our Analyst Day at the end of the month.  After Ruby, in the fourth quarter we'll complete 2 more projects. The LNG terminal in Pascagoula and our TGP Line 300 project across Pennsylvania and New Jersey. Both of these are fully subscribed with long-term contracts. So by the end of the year, essentially all of the original $8 billion backlog will be complete.  Our focus at the pipes remains very clear, it's to complete these projects successfully. And with that, I'll turn it over to Brent.
Brent Smolik: Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. I'll begin today on Slide 15. And I also plan to keep my comments fairly high level and focused on the quarter, and then share more detail in New York on the 24th.  After a strong finish to 2010, we're off to a great start so far this year in E&P. We continue to grow production, and the Haynesville core continues to perform very well on the gas side. And at the same time, oil and condensate volumes are rising fast, up roughly 24% year-over-year, consistent with our increase in oil-directed CapEx. And even though we are seeing cost inflation in many aspects of our business, our teams have done a great job of mitigating most of those costs, including drilling, completion and production operations by continuing to increase operating efficiencies. We're actively advancing our Eagle Ford and Wolfcamp oil programs, and the news is good on both fronts. We've delineated our Eagle Ford central acreage, so we now know what we have there, and the results have been at or above our models.  Our early West Texas Wolfcamp drilling results are also encouraging. So far this year, we've drilled and completed 3 wells, which has told us a lot about our acreage. What seemed like a big step out just last September is shaping up to be another core program for us. We're on a steep learning curve, but we still like what we see in the Wolfcamp. And going forward, we'll continue to utilize the same approach that's proven successful in the development of our Haynesville and our Eagle Ford Shale programs.  So turning then to Slide 16. We are pleased with our Q1 production and operating cash cost results. Our production was $821 million equivalent per day for the quarter, which is up 5% from last year and 3% from the fourth quarter. Again, liquids were up 18% from Q1 of last year.  Cash costs were down $0.03 to $1.85, and that's primarily driven by higher volumes. And while there's been a lot of recent discussion regarding inflation of drilling and completion cost, it's also a cost pressure on the operating expense side, so reduce in unit cash cost is a big win for us.  We have a pretty good example of how we are overcoming service cost inflation on Slide 17. The example shown is a fully completed Haynesville well, which is our most mature shale program. We began the year with completed well cost of about $9 million, well below the $10-plus million level for many of our peers. Drilling cost began to rise, as we increased the average lateral links and as rig rates have increased, but we fought off those increases with a 3-day reduction in drilling time.  On the completion side, while we have a dedicated frac crew, there's still some costs that are being passed through such as some of the pumping cost, fuel and other non-pressure pumping completion cost. To offset those increases, we were able to reduce the time it takes to complete the wells. We're now pumping up to 5 frac stages per day. And I believe that many others in the play would consider 3 to 4 in a day to be a good day.  In addition to the cost savings, the improvement efficiency also results in one additional well coming on production each month, which also contributed to our Q4 and our Q1 production results. Overall, our asset and our operations teams have done a great job of creating a continuous improvement culture and coming up with new ways to gain efficiencies across the board.  Let's turn to the Eagle Ford on a -- with an update on Slide 18. Doug shared an overview of what's taken place in the Eagle Ford. But to expand a little, we currently have 4 rigs working in the play. They're all in the central area in La Salle County, which is up from 2 that we started the year with. And we've now fully delineated our central position, so we are very much in the pilot phase in the northern areas. And as you'd expect, we don't have much activity planned in the dry gas area in the South. We're still treating the southern area as a call option on higher gas prices. And we're working hard to deliver the same kind of cost efficiencies here that we're delivering in the Haynesville.  On Slide 19, we provide a few more details of the central area. And remember this area, we expect 75% of recoverable reserves to be oil. We drilled 30 wells here, and we drilled them across the block, as you can see from the green dots, so we're developing a very good understanding of the well performance and our acreage position.  As we learn more, we think we'll have the opportunity to move to even denser space and perhaps 80 or 100 hundred acres versus the current 120-acre space. And we're piloting that concept this year. If we're proven right, then we'd expect to drill more wells in this area and significantly increase our recoverable resources.  Our productive capacity is growing rapidly, and along with Mark and in the Midstream company, we are actively building in-field infrastructure, which will result in a step-up in production rates later this summer.  We're pleased with our results today, and we'll definitely spend more time laying out our Eagle Ford story in a few weeks.  So let's move on to the Wolfcamp. We've included a map on Slide 20. Last summer before we bid on the university lands, we drilled a pilot well in the eastern side of our position. That well provided us with subsurface core and log data that gave us confidence to spend $180 million on land and to get into the play early, at least in this part of the play. And so far this year, we drilled and completed 3 wells, which are shown as red stars on the map. And as you can see, as you go across -- they go across our entire acreage position that spans roughly 35 miles. And we'll show you more of the technical subsurface data in New York, but we found a very consistent high-quality Wolfcamp section across this area. We're in the early days of the program and much optimization work remains, but everything that we've seen confirms the view that we showed you back in November.  At that time, we showed a single average well model across the acreage, but we'll likely start to discuss a couple of different models from east to west as we continue our appraisal drilling. But overall, the models will be in line with our average type well.  We've added a second rig in Q1 and will likely stay at this level for the remainder of the year. One very important development since our last call is we've now finalized unitization agreements with the university land office, where we've created 4 drilling units on the acreage that we picked up last September. And what this means is, instead of having a bunch of 640-acre section-size three-year term leases, we've now combined our leases to create groups of leases or units that we can hold by drilling for up to 7 years. Now forming these units is an example of the benefits of having all of our leases with a single co-development land owner.  Turning to Slide 21. I can't resist including a little science. On the right-hand side of the chart is a picture of a whole core section from one of our wells. Now we normally think of shale as dense, silt or mudstone type of rock. But remember that we said that the Wolfcamp source rock in our lease area has high quartz and high carbonate content. So it has some of the same rock characteristics as conventional reservoirs. Now granted this is a significantly magnified view, but the black dark areas that you see are nice-looking pore spaces, pore spaces that can hold a lot of oil. And we see that kind of quality rock vertically up and down throughout the Wolfcamp shale section.  On the upper left, we summarize our originally assumed Wolfcamp geologic and petrophysical parameters, and we've included the results so far from our first 4 wells on the right side of the table. All of the values in the table are for the entire Wolfcamp section.  To date, we've only targeted the upper Wolfcamp, which is a little over half of the total thickness. And our published type curves and their future inventory only include the upper Wolfcamp section. All told, though, we are finding thicker sections and more net pay. The average porosity is higher and the organic content is very good. So we have a very nice looking interval, which is also why we see an industry competing aggressively to get into this part of the play.  We've included some early production stats on Slide 22. We've tested 4 wells. The 38-29-1H was our pilot well, which we're only able to frac with 7 stages over a 2,000-foot interval, but achieved -- it still achieved good initial test rates. We've been experimenting with lateral length and a number of frac stages, and our last 3 wells have all tested nearly 300 barrels per day plus the associated gas. And the greater amount of gas in the oil has been positive. It's good news because it provides energy for more oil to be able to move to the pore spaces. But as we've discussed before, these wells also go on artificial lift almost immediately, and so more gas makes the pump selection a bit tricky. So pump design and a post-frac, flowback rates are also through the areas that we're optimizing. We also have 2 wells nearing completion, shown on the bottom of the slide. One of them is a 7,000-foot lateral, and we plan to complete it with 24 frac stages.  So I'll wrap up on Slide 23. While it's admittedly early days for the Wolfcamp program, and we still have a lot to learn, we're encouraged by the results of our pilot wells. The highest value items that we'll be optimizing include lateral links, the density or frequency of the frac stages, the artificial lift options, optimal initial producing rates and the facility design. And we are also considering drilling a vertical well this year to test the entire Wolfcamp section, including that lower portion.  So I've covered a lot of high points for the quarter this morning, and I'll expand all of these discussions further on the 24th. But again, we're pleased with our execution so far this year and the way that our programs are advancing. And I'll now turn the call back to Doug for closing comments.
Douglas Foshee: Thanks, Brent. We were successful in carrying our momentum at year end through the first quarter, and the businesses are hitting on all cylinders right now. We're delivering on all the elements of our plan for 2011, and most of them are ahead of schedule. Our financial strength continues to grow, and we anticipate that trend continuing, as we continue to grow El Paso Pipeline Partners, our MLP.  All this means that we're very excited about what we can accomplish this year. We are looking forward to being with all of you in New York later this month, where we intend to take a deeper dive into each of our 3 businesses, update our guidance for the year, and lay out the long-term strategy for the company at what is one of the most exciting points in our history.  Operator, with that, we're happy to open it up to questions this morning.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Faisel Khan at Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: On the Wolfcamp, I wonder if you could give us just a little bit more color on kind of well cost. And then also on what looks to be kind of a diminishing kind of margins of returns, as you kind of extend the lateral length and the number of the stages. And maybe you can also tell us what you guys think of kind of EURs per well at this point in time would be helpful.
Douglas Foshee: We're going a lot more detail later in the month, Faisel, but we really haven't changed our model. If you look across the play, there might be a little gas here on one end than the other, but our EURs are going to be very comparable and the economics are going to be very comparable. And cost are right at a midpoint of the range that we've given you in the model before. So I think the lateral length is part of what we are optimizing with a number of fracs, and I don't think we'll necessarily see a degradation in the value, it will likely go up because we're going to get incremental oil per stage, we think, and we're going to get a good test to that with that 7,000-foot lateral and 24-stage frac. So I think we'll be optimizing and trying to find the best value proposition, but I think it will go up as we increase the lateral lengths, not down.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Okay, got you. So everything is kind of trending the way you guys had talked about beforehand?
Douglas Foshee: It really is. That's the key message, I think, is everything we've found in the first 3 wells has confirmed what we thought going in. We got a thick, porous, all-saturated section. And that's a good place to start in one of these kinds of projects.
Operator: Your next question comes from Carl Kirst at BMO Capital.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just broadly speaking on the E&P and understanding we're not going to get the details here until the Analyst Day. But as we look at the capital expenditure budget, it's not just sort of the Eagle Ford JV or lack thereof that we have to blend in, but the fact that clearly we have a much more robust oil market. And so I guess maybe the question is, how much cushion do you think you guys have to continue shifting more towards an oilier drilling inventory budget, if you will. You're moving that $1.3 billion higher. Is it something 10%, 23%? Is there any color you can add to that?
Douglas Foshee: Carl, this is Doug. I think you hit on the issues that we are grappling with now and expect to conclude this month and report on, on the 24th. And that is operationally, we are ahead of where we thought we would be right now. Commodity prices are higher than we thought they would be year-to-date. And we're slightly ahead of where we thought we would be with regard to the MLP year-to-date. And so as we think about the fact that we did have a JV in our plan for 2011, we are grappling with what -- when you roll all that stuff up together, not just oily E&P, when you roll all of that together, how do we reapportion capital for the balance of the year? And that's where we'll be going into detail on the 24th. The short answer, I think that's going to be good news. If I could just add one thing, Carl, that the spread again, that we don't want to declare victory after the first quarter, but what we've seen so far is we're holding the line against service cost inflation. So if we do increase capital, it will be activity-driven, not necessarily -- not a response to higher cost. We're managing those with some of the efficiency gains that we tried to highlight with that one Haynesville well here.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Point well taken. One other question, if I could, more for J.R., and this is a bit of a false objective question here. But how are you viewing the MLP market right now? You've got sort of 2 to 3 drops baked in your plan. We had a successful recent drop. We kind of are getting a little bit of some -- I don't necessarily want to call it dislocation, but some concerns coming up on the tax side. Do you see any risk to being able to achieve that 2 to 3 drops this year?
John Sult: Karl, despite the recent softness, really, just over the last couple of days, I still feel very good about our ability to accomplish our 2 to 3 drop down objective that we have baked in the plan. Really the tax noise coming out of one of the trade associations is not new, I don't think. It has been a focus. We think the probability of something being done here in the near term is very low. I think when you think about the tax aspect, you also got to think about the role that MLPs play in the midstream infrastructure space, and how what a critical role they play. I think you also ought to think about who owns MLPs, as well, being individual retail investors. So I -- well, I feel good about, absent just the last couple of days, impact on MLP price. And I feel really good about being able to finish 2 or 3 more this year, or 2 or 3 in total for the whole year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bradley Olson at Tudor, Pickering.
Brad Olsen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: On your Eagle Ford slides, the rigs still look as though they're kind of in that core area that you guys have talked about, how you're pretty far along in delineating that acreage. Do you guys have any internal targets about when you might return to Frio, or the more oily area of the Eagle Ford, to test that area again?
Douglas Foshee: Well, if you think of them, kind of break it into the 3 parts, we think that essential area is essentially delineated, or fully delineated today. And it is oily, right. It's 75% oil in that area. We're off to full scale development in that part of the play. The Frio County area, we'll do some more testing in the northern areas, and we'll watch closely what the industry is doing, but it's going to stay in the pilot phase throughout this year and maybe even in the next. And in the gas, we're going to do very little activity there and hold that for a longer-term higher gas price option. So that's exactly how we're thinking about it. Most of the rest of the capital this year is going to go into Central.
Brad Olsen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. And just one follow-up. One thing about the Eagle Ford JV, not to put words in you-all's mouth, but when thinking about the fact that you guys declined the Eagle Ford JV, I mean is it reasonable to think that you guys are looking at the MLP drop-down strategy and thinking about proceeds from MLP drops, as perhaps supplanting the proceeds that you might have gotten from a hypothetical JV?
Douglas Foshee: I think it's fair to say that in the course, when we started out looking at the possibility of a joint venture, it was really at the corporate level at financing mechanism for our business, and several things have happened since then. Our balance sheet has improved at a rate faster than we would have anticipated when we started. We got further along in the delineation of that acreage than we thought at the time, and commodity prices went up dramatically. And so, yes, in some level I think you would say, our view of the cost of capital of that financing, relative to the cost of capital of other financings, including the net cost of capital to us from MLP financings, was just high enough, enough higher enough than our other alternatives that it didn't make sense for us to do.
Brad Olsen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: All right, great. That's it for me.
Operator: Your last question comes from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: A couple of questions on Carl's question about turbocharging investment and the accretive liquids plays even without the JV. Can you comment on the level of commitment that was discussed over the last year and a half or so towards free cash flow in 2012? And then a couple more quick questions after that.
Douglas Foshee: We haven't changed our commitment for 2012 at all, and we won't. You shouldn't expect us to on May 24.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Great. And I think on the last call, J.R. may have noted that you would need to change the JV structure from a C corp. to a partnership arrangement for FGT before considering any of that for a drop down. It's probably one of your most attractive fee-based growth assets with the highest cost basis following the buildout. Can you discuss what process and tax implications might be involved in moving that to more of a partnership structure?
John Sult: No, Carl, I really don't have any other color to add. What I said was is, to have it be more efficient, it would need to be in a different vehicle than it is today. But we've got a very large portfolio of assets at the Pipeline Group to choose from, many of which have good solid growth profiles as well. So we really don't have anything to add to my comments from the last call.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. Last question, Jim, on Ruby. I know that there's going to be a lot more known in the next 3 weeks or so, but can you handicap the ability to stay within the prior disclosed, I think it was roughly 20% aggregate cost overruns from the original guidance?
James Yardley: Yes, I think what I'd say there is that, really, we're down to the end here. The scope of work left is small. We have probably $300 million or so, plus or minus, left to spend. So the chances for a material increase or decrease and the estimated capital is probably low. If there's been any new news over the course of the last couple of months since our last call, it's been that we suspended operations on the very western end as a result of the wet weather. And so that becomes more on the critical path, together with the Spread 5 in Western Nevada. We’re starting up both now. And I think we will have a lot more information over the next few weeks.
Operator: At this time, I'll turn the call back over to the presenters.
Douglas Foshee: Okay. Thanks for joining our call. We look forward to seeing you in New York on the 24th. And thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Bruce Connery - Vice President of Investor and Media Relations Brent Smolik - Principal Executive Officer, President, Director and President of ConocoPhillips Canada John Sult - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President James Yardley - Chairman of the Board of El Paso's Pipeline Group, Chairman of Southern Natural Gas Company, President of El Paso Southern Pipeline Group, President of Southern Natural Gas Company and Executive Vice President of Pipeline Group Douglas Foshee - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research Inc. Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities Rebecca Followill - Howard Weil Kevin Smith - Raymond James John Edwards - Morgan Keegan Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Stephen Maresca - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brooke, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the El Paso Corporation Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Bruce Connery, Vice President of Investor and Media Relations. Thank you. Mr. Connery, you may begin your conference.
Bruce Connery: Good morning. Thank you for joining our call. In just a moment, I'll turn the call over to Doug Foshee, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of El Paso. You will hear from three other speakers on our call this morning: J.R. Sult, our Chief Financial Officer; Jim Yardley, Chairman of the Pipeline Group; and Brent Smolik, President of El Paso Exploration Production Company. During this morning's call, we will be referring to slides that are available in the Investor section of our website, elpaso.com. Also on our website, you will find a financial and operational reporting package that includes information we believe you will find helpful as well as non-GAAP financial statements and non-GAAP reconciliations. During this conference call, we will make a number of forward-looking statements and projections. We have made every reasonable effort to ensure that the information and assumptions on which these statements and projections are based are current, reasonable and complete. However, there are variety of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the statements and projections expressed during this call. You will find those factors listed under the cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements on Slide 2 of this morning’s presentation as well as in other SEC filings. We do not assume any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  Finally, I’d like to ask those of you who will be participating in Q&A to limit yourselves to two questions so that we can give more people an opportunity to ask questions. Thanks for your help on this. I'll now turn the call over to Doug.
Douglas Foshee: Thanks, Bruce, and good morning to all of you. Four weeks ago, we had a 2011 guidance call, and I hope you came away from that call with a sense of a confidence we have going into this year and our ability to have another breakout year similar to 2010 operationally, financially and in terms of share price performance. We entered the year with a lot of momentum and a higher level of energy and excitement than at any time in my tenure with El Paso. In E&P, we're ramping up our activity in some of the most exciting oil plays out there, and our early results are very encouraging as Brent will share in more detail.  In the pipes, we've now got 85% of the Ruby pipe welded up. And while we're increasing our estimated cost to $3.55 billion, we also have a much greater certainty on the remaining risks. Hence, the elimination of a range for completed costs. And while Ruby execution isn't what we forecast, we still expect to put the entirety of our $8 billion backlog in service this year.  We don't have a Midstream update today except to say that Mark and his team continue to push forward on two key projects in the Marcellus and the Eagle Ford in addition to successfully expanding existing Midstream assets in the Eagle Ford and Altamont.  And finally, you should expect continued improvement in our balance sheet this year as J.R., Jim and their teams continue to prosecute our successful drop-down strategy at EPB.  With that brief introduction, I'll turn the call over to J.R. to review our financial results. J.R.?
John Sult: Thanks, Doug, and good morning to everyone. On Slide 5, you'll see a snapshot of our fourth quarter financial results. We reported adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.20 for the quarter. Now when compared to 2009, the difference is primarily driven by lower realized commodity prices.  During the quarter, we only had about 60% of our domestic natural gas production hedged around $5.80 compared to nearly 90% at north of $6 in the first three quarters of this year. Compare that to the fourth quarter of 2009 when we had almost 75% of our gas production hedged at roughly $9. Bottom line, that lower realized commodity prices reduced our earnings by about $0.10 per share quarter over quarter.  In addition to the impact from lower prices, fourth quarter results reflected higher performance-related employee benefit costs of about $0.02 a share. As a result of our strong share price performance relative to our peer group in 2010, we doubled the amount of the company matching contribution for our employees who participate in the 401(k) plan with El Paso stock. This discretionary matching contribution is only available when our total shareholder return performance versus our peers exceeds the median level.  Now we think this is a great way to ensure our employees are aligned with our shareholders interest. And this additional matching contribution is, however, not available to senior management. Slide 6, is a bit of a report card in our key 2010 goals. Now I'm not going to go through to each and every one of these since we touched on many during our recent guidance call. But by all accounts, we certainly had a very successful year.  Adjusted earnings per share and cash flow from operations were better than we guided to in late 2009 and that's despite natural gas pricing well below the $5.50 assumption that we had used in our original plan. And overall, both business units had a great year.  And despite the challenges on Ruby, the Pipeline Group had an excellent year executing on the projects placed in service in 2010, putting five projects in service collectively $100 million under budget.  And on the E&P side, our E&P team knocked it out of the park for the second year in a row. Brent will walk you through some of his key measures in just a couple of minute.  On Slide 7, I round out a brief look back to 2010 with some of the other key year-end metrics. We ended the year with $13.7 billion of total net debt. This includes $3.4 billion of consolidated debt of our MLP, El Paso Pipeline Partners. It also includes $1.1 billion of Ruby debt that will be deconsolidated from our balance sheet shortly after the pipeline is placed in service. And at that point, it will be recoursed only to the Ruby pipeline.  We came into 2011 with very strong liquidity, $2.4 billion, even after retiring about $700 million of El Paso debt late in 2010.  And finally, 2010 CapEx finished the year $4.2 billion, pretty close to our original CapEx target for the year. Now remember, E&P CapEx included an incremental $265 million of lease acquisition capital for Eagle Ford and Wolfcamp oil acreage. And on the pipeline side, last year's $2.8 billion of capital will likely be the high watermark for many years to come.  On Slide 8, we reiterate our primary financial objectives for 2011. And although I've covered these on our recent call, I think it's important to keep these front and center.  First and foremost, we're intent on improving the balance sheet so that we achieve an investment-grade profile by 2012. There's no question that reaching this goal has very positive implications for shareholder value. The best tool we have to accelerate our deleveraging is continuing our MLP drop-down strategy using EPB. And make no mistake, we're focused on maximizing the impact of this strategy to the benefit of El Paso and El Paso Pipeline Partners stakeholders.  In the last month's call, I noted that our guidance assumes we complete two to three drops in 2011. And finally, we'll maintain adequate liquidity throughout the year to support our businesses. As we progress through the year, the need to maintain our historic liquidity levels will diminish as we complete the pipeline backlog and continue to improve and further de-risk our balance sheet. I'll wrap up this morning with an update on our hedge positions on Slide 9. Since our last call, we added 2.7 million barrels of oil hedges for 2012. So based on our forecasted 2011 production, we've got about 70% of our 2012 oil production hedged with downside protection at $90. So despite the constructive macro outlook for oil, the $90 floor feels pretty good.  Nothing's changed on our gas hedges, other than they're fact that they're further in the money and continue to look great. And by the way, our hedges boosted our cash flow by roughly $300 million in 2010, which when added to about $1 billion generated in 2009, equates to almost $2 per share of incremental cash flow. So I'm quite proud of the value our disciplined hedging programs created over the last couple of years in what has been a very challenging commodity market.  That's it for me. I'll turn the call over to Jim for pipeline update. Jim?
James Yardley: Thanks, J.R. With the pipelines, the fourth quarter was a busy one as we placed and serviced three more growth projects; two in the Rockies and one in the Southeast to supply gas to a newly converted coal plant. All three are now generating revenue. It came in approximately $100 million under budget, as J.R. said, completing an excellent year of executing on projects that went in service last year.  As you know, this year will essentially complete our regional $8 billion backlog by placing five more expansions in service. We've made good progress on Ruby, and it's getting closer to completion, but our cost estimate is higher. The other four projects are all on-time and on-budget, with the first of these, FGT Phase VIII, scheduled to begin service in April.  As we said on the guidance call, we also have three major rate cases this year. Our aim is to try is to settle all three by year end and get back to the business of serving our customers, meeting their needs safely and reliably and growing with them.  On Slide 12, Slide 12 summarizes throughput trends for the year. Throughput was down approximately 2% overall from 2009 with increases in the East and decreases on our Western pipes.  In the East, both SNG and TGP benefited from a very hot summer and cold winter. Also, TGP throughput increased due to the receipts from Marcellus in Pennsylvania and REX in Ohio. Marcellus production into TGP is now running at approximately 1.2 Bs [BCF] a day, up from only 250 a day at the beginning of 2010.  In the West, throughput was down on both our Rockies pipes and on EPNG, not due to market demand which was pretty flat along both the front range and on the Southwest but rather mostly due to competition. In the Rockies it was increased competition on both intra-Rockies flows and exports out of the Rockies.  On EPNG, it was supply alternatives into California. Much of this additional supply was for LNG imports at Costa Azul, which more recently have declined. Importantly, we also see tangible signs now of improving market demands long-term on EPNG.  While we're on throughput, let me take a minute to talk about our service to customers during the record-breaking cold weather of a couple of weeks ago. In short, our pipes were to demonstrate clearly their value to customers. We met the peak day needs of all our customers in the Northeast, Southeast and Rockies. This resulted from the diverse gas supplies behind our pipes, extraordinary performance by our field operations people and a lot of communication between our customers and us. Our only service impact across the country was on part of EPNG's South mainline in extreme West Texas, New Mexico and Arizona. This was due primarily to freeze offs of Permian production and processing plant offsets, which in turn resulted in lower delivery pressures on EPNG.  But even here, and with cold temperatures not seen in 45 years, we delivered to our customers substantially more gas than they received from their suppliers. And I want to share my appreciation to our workforce across the country, both field and office, for going the extra mile to serve our customers during this period.  On Ruby, we've made substantial progress on Ruby. As Doug said, we're now about 85% welded out, up from 70% reported just a month ago. At the same time, however, we've seen some cost and schedule slippage and now expect Ruby to cost approximately $3.55 billion and be in service in July. This results from the combined impacts of extremely wet weather in December across Northern Nevada and Southern Oregon, delays in permitting and restrictions due to fish and game habitat.  Also, until recently, we expected to complete a 40 mile section of Spread 5 in Nevada before the sage grouse mating season begins on March 1. We haven't been able to do this, primarily because of delays in obtaining final cultural resource clearances. Now we won't start construction on short stretches of that section until the mating season ends in mid-May. And we've temporarily shut down that spread's pipeline. So we're unlikely to complete Spread 5 until July.  Some of the increase in project costs is additional cash costs and some is non-cash AFUDC costs associated with the later in-service.  The good news is that we believe we have more certainty now on our cost estimate. We feel better about each of the three critical issues that we've highlighted for you since the first of the year: First, the worst of the winter weather is behind us; second, permitting and cultural resource clearances are for the most part, complete; and third, we have greater clarity around fish and game construction windows, although we're still dealing with a few issues on some stream crossings.  Not only have we made good progress as evidenced by the percent welded, but also the Eastern spreads are all very nearly complete. So our run rate monthly spend is dropping off.  So we have better line of sight now on the finish line, and we'll update you again on our May first quarter earnings call.  And now I'll turn it over to Brent.
Brent Smolik: Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. I'm going to begin this morning on Slide 15. I've met with a number of investors over the past few weeks, and it was great to hear feedback and recognition that our E&P strategy is working.  We posted good numbers again last year, and I'll review some of those with you in a moment. But we also know that we had to continue to deliver, and we're off to a good start.  We began the year with our production at roughly $800 million a day within our guidance range for this year, so we're on plan. But remember that our relatively wide guidance range has taken into account the potential to further shift capital from gas to oil, which may impact volume guidance providing growth for that greater value.  We continue to ramp up our oil activities with two more rigs in our essential Eagle Ford area. Our results on the program continue to be at or better than our pre-drill models, and we're delivering some of the same efficiency gains in the Eagle Ford that we delivered in our Haynesville program. We've drilled four Wolfcamp wells, one is online and we are currently completing two of the wells. We're on track with our delineation plan there with two of the wells drilled today in the eastern portion of our acreage, one in the center and one on the Western side.  We've also taken hole cores on two wells and the coring, drilling, logging data that we have gathered so far has been very consistent with our expectations. There's also been some horizontal wells drilled to offset our acreage that look very good and adds to our enthusiasm about this program.  Considering the date of the timing of data flow in the play, we're currently planning to update on our Wolfcamp program in our May 5 earnings call or perhaps sooner at one of the conferences.  Some of the key metrics from 2010 performance are shown on Slide 16. Our production was 782 million equivalent per day, which is above the high end of our guidance and above 2009 results. Our fourth quarter production was 795 a day, which is up 7% year-over-year and was the highest quarterly production that we've reported since the first quarter of 2009. Cash costs were also lower than they were in 2009, coming in at $1.78 versus $1.82.  I'm also very pleased with our reserve growth and efficiency metrics in our inventory growth for the year. When you look at 2010 E&P performance, I think the key takeaway is that we've reached a point where we can consistently deliver results that are very competitive with the best of our industry peers.  We've updated Slide 17 from our guidance call to show you our current drilling activity. We've added two oil rigs, both in the Eagle Ford. So in total, we now have over twice as many oil rigs than gas rigs working, and we plan for that ratio to increase during the course of the year. In the near term, we still plan to run four rigs in the Haynesville program, which is a very optimized and economic activity level. But as I said in our guidance call, depending on gas prices and service costs, we may choose to further reduce our activity and shift capital to one of our oil programs.  Another factor that can change our activity level is whether or not we take a partner in the Eagle Ford. We're very much in the throes of those discussions and we'll likely decide by the end of Q1.  If we can accelerate our Eagle Ford program while improving the value of the opportunity by taking a partner, then we'll do it. If not, then we'll go it alone and shift capital as we need to in the second half of the year.  And let's stay with the Eagle Ford with an update on Slide 18. We're pleased with our results to date so we've essentially doubled our activity level since the first of the year. We're achieving production tests and expected the EURs that as good as or better than expected, and we're pushing to gain additional cost efficiencies.  Most of our activity is in the Central LaSalle County area where we have our largest acreage position. And we now believe that area contains volatile oil, meaning that we have oil in the reservoir with associated gas at the surface versus having gas wells with condensate dropping out of the surface. Three of the 14 wells that we've drilled here had initial rates in excess of 1,000 barrels a day equivalent. And we recently drilled our longest lateral roughly 6,400 feet, completed the well with 21 frac stages and have seen daily producing rates of over 900 barrel equivalents.  So as we move into development phase, the Eagle Ford will become more impactful in 2011. Since the beginning of this year, we have completed nine new wells and when we get the newer completions online, we expect to double production from the field.  On Slide 19, we showed that production mix over the expected life of the wells in the central and the northern area of Eagle Ford, which is consistent with a models that we published last October at the time of our Eagle Ford field trip. Now I want to briefly revisit this topic because in recent conversations with investors, I've heard some confusion about the product mix from our northern and central areas of the Eagle Ford, and those makes up about, as a reminder, about 2/3 of our total acreage position. And we believe that in the central area, about 75% of the recoverable reserves are expected to be oil. NGLs are only about 10% of the volume, with which means that while ethane and other liquid prices improved the economics, they're not a big value driver in our program.  In the northern area where we have currently one rig working, the oil contribution increases even further to 85%. All the wells in that northern area will need artificial lift almost from day one, so we're quickly working to determine the best method of pumping the wells both while we're producing back the frac water initially and in the long term, production mode.  Note that Frio County wells has been completed, and we're currently installing artificial lift in that well. And also in our northern area, we've drilled the well in Atascosa county. It's our first well there. And we drilled and logged a vertical pilot hole and then we drilled the horizontal section and early worklog responses in both are very encouraging. So we're anxious to see how that well produces.  Our last chart is on Slide 20 this morning. And we're always focused on continuous improvement in all of our programs, all of our asset areas and with with all parts of our business. And as a result, we believe that the Haynesville execution and cost structure is top quartile and often, industry leading. We've taken our Haynesville practices and moved them down to the Eagle Ford so we're moving up the learning curve rapidly, which means we're finding ways to cut time and capital costs per well. And we've only been drilling the Eagle Ford for a little over a year, and the results shown on this slide are based on about 20 well data set.  We made significant progress during the drilling phase, improving from 500 feet per day to about 1,200 feet per day. We also had similar success in the time required from spud to total depth, cutting the number of days by over 60% from about 31 days to 11 days on our best well to date.  And just as we have done elsewhere, our drilling team's delivered these efficiencies by optimizing the drill bit, the downhole motor and the drilling fluid designs and combinations. And then, we believe later as we move into multi-well paths, we expect to see continued reduction in cycle time.  Remember though that more than half of our well costs is for completion and simulation, so finding efficiencies in frac-ing these wells also has major cost benefit. Averaging 3.6 fracs per day at far best well today is great progress for our Eagle Ford team. We've benefited from having a dedicated completion crews with Foster's better safety performance and better teamwork and coordination, and we expect additional gains as we continue to find ways to further eliminate the non-productive time or downtime.  About 40% of our stimulation costs comes from fixed equipment charges, so we'll see a lower per well cost as we improve the efficiency of Eagle Ford completions or as we further improve the average number of fracs per day. And then, we'll spread that fixed costs to over more completions.  At 3.6 fracs a day is our best Eagle Ford pace, but we're not stopping there because we're now consistently averaging closer to 4 fracs per day in the Haynesville.  Overall, I'm really pleased with how this development is progressing and I continue to believe that the Eagle Ford will be a long term anchor program for us.  I'll now turn the call back to Doug for closing comments.
Douglas Foshee: Thanks, Brent. We're off to a great start this year. It's exciting at $100 crude world to have a meaningful oil component in our E&P story and when we intend to make the most of that opportunity. By year end, we'll have at least 3x as many oil directive rigs as gas directed rigs and maybe more. And that's going to yield 30% to 40% growth in oil production this year and another 50% in 2012.  Restoring our balance sheet strength is also a top priority for 2011. One of the primary tools to accomplish this is EPB, and there's every reason to believe we'll have another successful year growing EPB to the benefit of both the MLP unitholders and the EP shareholders. We know that this continued improvement is key to getting the premium multiple for our stock that we believe it deserves.  Another valuation key is the completion of our extensive backlog in the pipes, as well as successfully concluding rate cases on EPNG, CIG and TGP. We expect to get all this done, much of it in the first half of this year.  And in Midstream, you'll more from Mark on our Analyst Day in May. But in the meantime, his team is very busy completing for the mass project in the Marcellus and the Camino Real project in the Eagle Ford. And while each is very competitive, we're competing hard to get these across the finish line.  We're making great progress already on these and other milestones we laid out for you in our earlier guidance call, and that means we have every expectation that 2011 will be another rewarding year for our shareholders.  Finally, while we're on the topic of rewarding our shareholders, I'll wager that someone on the call is planning to ask about corporate structure given recent events in the capital markets. The key message I want you to take from this call is that we'll do what is right for our shareholders to create long-term sustainable value. And that's whether we are talking about the management team or our Board.  So while our immediate focus is on all those milestones we laid out for 2011, we're not deaf to the markets. In fact, recent events we think are very exciting for anyone who is an EP shareholder or considering being an EP shareholder.  Case in point. So a new high watermarks have been achieved recently in terms of valuations for high-quality GPs. We think that's not only appropriate, it's outstanding. And we just happen to own 100% of the highest quality GP. And the great news is, it has a tremendous growth profile. We only reached the 50% incentive distribution rights in the fourth quarter of 2010. So that $50 million to $60 million in distributions to the GP in 2011 is still toward the front end of a very high growth trajectory that will create lots and lots of value for EP shareholders. And because it has the lowest-risks, highest-growth characteristics out there due to its sponsor and due to the fact that it's the only pure play GP, it sets the high watermark for what GPs are worth. In addition, recent transactions point out that companies with strong balance sheets and high cash payouts are highly valued in the market. That's why we're running as fast as we can to make sure we maximize the strength of our balance sheet. And we have every expectation that we'll do just that.  And E&P companies and assets that have low risks, repeatable drilling inventories at the lower end of the cost curve and with oil exposure going to higher valuations, that's exactly what we think we have. So if you believe that management is properly incented and the company is properly governed, then there's really nothing but upside all in our shares in this regard. So where do we stack up on those dimensions? Management has higher-than-average leverage and compensation to changes in equity values. And given that as a group, we haven't been sellers and we are all very large owners relative to our personal worth, you should assume we think and act like owners. We also have a very independent, very shareholder-minded Board that I think stacks up well against any competitor we have.  So I think on those two key dimensions. We have a vision of a company that will stay laser focused on taking the actions that will maximize the long-term share price of El Paso. In addition, we have a track record of doing just that, having made many, many shareholder-friendly decisions as we brought this company back from the brink. While we like the integrated model and see key benefits to it, we're not married to it. We have looked and will continue to look at structure. And the great news is, we're not doing it in a vacuum. We've got interesting real world data points to analyze and monitor, some from well-seasoned transactions and some from more recent announcements.  I believe that significantly increases the likelihood that a dispassionate analysis will yield the right result. This has been and will continue to be a key topic of discussion in both the management and the Board level and we'll continue to keep you apprised of our decisions in this regard. And with that, we're happy to open it up to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Carl Kirst with BMO Capital Markets.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: You know, maybe first, under the -- before we can do that kind to get to the end of backlog put in place, my first question is just on Ruby. And I know this might be difficult to take it a step further. But Jim, when we talk about the certainty, the additional certainty we have right now, is there any way you could even further quantify that? I mean, are we kind of in a 50% band moving to 75% band? Are we now at kind of this 95%-plus band. The only reason why I asked that is unless I misheard you, the Western Nevada piece getting finished in July, is that going to be making sort of a compressed window to get those pieces tested, et cetera, and get the actual entire project in service by July? I just wanted to get some more color on that if possible.
James Yardley: Okay. Yes. Carl, I think as a general statement, we're simply further down the road because we -- if you think about the 85% welded, we have a grand total of about 100 miles left to weld out. So we have -- and so, and that's in three discrete pieces. One is on Spread 5, where I'll talk about our plan in just a minute, and the other -- and so that probably comprises about 40 miles of the 100. And the other two pieces of 30 miles each or so are on Spreads 6 and 7 in Oregon. But on Spread 5, our plan, and I think it's a well-developed one, we know all the parameters because of the sage grouse mating issue, we -- within that 40 mile stretch, there's only about 12 to 14 miles that is impacted by this sage grouse mating issue. So we're clearing through what we can clear through now. As soon as we can, we'll start stringing and then welding up. Realistically, from an assembly-line-operation standpoint, we won't be able to get up to that. We won't be able to do appreciable welding on that stretch until mid-May. But when you go through that exercise on Spread 5, we should be welded up on the whole thing in June, do tie ends then into early July and have plenty of time for purging and packing, et cetera. Anyway, that's sort of the critical path matter. On Spread 6 and 7, in Oregon, we effective -- we're very close to having all of our permits there. And so there is more, continuing to grind it out as we have been doing. And we fully expect that as well as all of the rest of the pipeline with the exception of Spread 5 to be fully welded out by the end of April. So that there are -- then tie ends and testing on that will commence. So that as soon as we finish Spread 5 with very limited time after that, we'll be able to put it in service. So I guess my point is that on costs, we have a much better prune down now. We have ongoing weather issues, but gee, we're through the worst of that. We essentially have all of our permits in place. The worst of the construction is really behind us. The' work on Spreads 5, 6 and 7 -- on Spread 5, once we get in there, it's not difficult pipelining. So we just feel a lot better about our costs and schedule.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And then one additional question, if I could, maybe for Brent. You mentioned with respect to the Eagle Ford JV mechanics that the decision, I guess, hopefully by the end here of the first quarter. And I didn't know if there was any color you could provide on or would feel comfortable providing on the process of that's going through. And by that I mean, from the time that you guys first announced you were looking at this, we've obviously have much stronger oil and NGL prices. Obviously, we're in kind of a crazy oil market right now. But we've had better results kind of come in on the Eagle Ford. And what I'm wondering is, are we seeing sort of a creep up in the ask price? Or were we seeing a change in mix of customers or potential JV partners who might be looking at this? I'm just trying to get a little bit of different flavor of how the process is going.
Douglas Foshee: Hey Carl. This is Doug. I think we'll probably not inclined to get into a lot of detail on that process other than to say, to sort of reiterate, we think we will have made an internal decision by the end of this quarter. That doesn't mean we'll have an announcement ready by the end of the quarter, but we will make an internal decision by the end of this quarter. The interest level continues to be high. The rise in oil prices, in our view, doesn't do anything but A, positively impact our hold case and positively impact the valuation on these assets. But beyond that, it doesn't change our process. And we think this is something that we should evaluate for the benefit of our shareholders, but we also don't feel like we have a gun to our head forcing us to do it.
Operator: Your next cushion comes from Steve Maresca with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Maresca - Morgan Stanley: My first question is on Ruby. If you could just remind us on these cost overruns, how that is getting borne between you and your kind of partner project?
Douglas Foshee: All us.
Stephen Maresca - Morgan Stanley: And also an update there in terms of the capacity that's not taken up right now. How you think that's going to play out over the next 12 months or so?
John Sult: Yes. So we have 1.1 of the 1.5, as you recall, contracted long term. Realistically, Steve, we don't have a long list of prospects for the remainder of the capacity on a long-term basis. That's going to be dictated by Rockies production and probably more importantly to what's going on in the Northwest with respect to coal conversions. But it's just a step away. But with respect to actually how volumes flow once Ruby comes up, still hard to call. There are many reasons why more gas may want to flow West out of the Rockies than East especially with all the Marcellus and other shales in the East. We're not counting on a great deal of revenue from all that, but that's out there.
Douglas Foshee: Yes, I would say that at this point, that for the most part is upside to our plan. And the issues with regard to Ruby in terms of that, the incremental 400 are really more macro issues that we think get resolved, but they don't likely get resolved in terms of having firm transport contracts in the next 12 months.
Stephen Maresca - Morgan Stanley: And my last one would be on Midstream side. Any color on timing or level of discussions as it relates to Midstream projects, maybe specifically, the Marcellus one with Spectra but others in general, level of producer commitments and timing as you think you may get something else?
Brent Smolik: Steve, it's a highly competitive situation. We're talking to all the major producers, as well as the Gulf Coast petrochemical complex for firm commitments. And you know, I think that's something that will resolve itself over the next three, four, five months. It could be midyear before we really know things will shake out.
Douglas Foshee: These decisions are highly likely to be made by the big subscribers capacity in 2011.
Brent Smolik: Correct.
Douglas Foshee: Probably, and I'd say more likely in the first half.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Smith with Raymond James.
Kevin Smith - Raymond James: Can you talk a little bit about your production impact from this cold weather we saw especially in the kind of first 10 days of February? Do you see any downtime?
Brent Smolik: This is Brent, Kevin. We did see some but compared to rest of industry, we were relatively unscathed. We have a couple of really cold mornings where we had a little bit of Raton, a little bit of Oklahoma, a little bit of ArkLaTex, kinds of things we had to work through but you're not going to see much of an impact in any of our monthly production due to freezing or due to cold. So to further Jim's comment, credit to the team in the field. They were out in some pretty tough conditions, keeping everything moving and they were able to keep it going. And then, in the Texas issues, because of the some of the outer power outages, we didn't have production in any of those areas. And so again, we dodged that issues that some of the other producers faced.
Kevin Smith - Raymond James: On your ceiling test charge, it looks like you took a charge in Egypt. Could talk a little bit about that?
Brent Smolik: Yes, because we don't have production in Egypt and any of the wells that we drilled that were unsuccessful, it's an accounting ceiling test charge but it's really dry hole expense.
Kevin Smith - Raymond James: It has absolutely nothing to do with the politics or moving any acreage or anything?
Brent Smolik: No. It's a great question. No, it's really just related to the dry hole that we take to expense.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Heikkinen with Tudor Pickering.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Just want to understand a little bit of thoughts around the Camino Real system and any thoughts about type of hydrocarbon you might move whether or not that would transition towards oil or have you thought about that at all?
Brent Smolik: Yes. I think that, David, that's really focused on gas. It's going to be rich gas, and there'll be probably some condensate that comes through. But we're really focused on the gas system as opposed to an oil system. The reason is, is we can leverage Tennessee Gas pipeline as an outlet and that's kind of why we think we have a potential project there.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Can you talk how, and Brett maybe just some thoughts around some of the flarings that's going on in the Eagle Ford then and kind of how and what you do with oil and gas in the overall development and how you're planning that out from a capacity standpoint in the next year or two years?
Brent Smolik: Yes. In the near term, we think we've got enough capacity on the gas side. Really, we're talking about longer term solutions, Camino Real and others, to be able to move gas as we ramp up over the next two or three years. So I don't think that'll be the bottleneck. There is currently a trucking tightness out there in the Eagle Ford, and so we're having to manage that very carefully as we grow oil volumes to make sure we've got enough tracking capacity and/or storage in the field to be able to have short periods of time when trucking gets tight. But I think that's all manageable. Until we get longer-term, more permanent solution. So either several of the pipeline, oil pipeline solutions we're looking at right now and then the new terminal that we're looking at that would have the potential to rail some of it. And so we're looking at all the options for longer term as we grow out past where we think it's sensible to use a truck.
Douglas Foshee: David, I'll just add to that, that in a $100 per barrel WTI and a little to no barrier to entry to the trucking business, I don't anticipate that would be anything other than maybe periodic short-term challenges.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: And so you as you think about your development for any kind of hit on the oil side of how you produce these wells, I'm thinking about how do you produce the wells in West Texas as well from an artificial lift and just sustainability. You talked about how the oily wells are actually producing and what you're thinking about or how do you design and maintain and sustain productions from those areas.
Brent Smolik: Yes, just generally, the high level, the ones that are oily but high gas, we're able to get those to flow for a reasonable period of time, long enough to be able to get frac load off of them, get to where we're making oil and get decent test rates. But they at some point will log off to. The once we go further north and Eagle Ford, we'll have less gas associated with them. And so we will be pumping almost day one. And so that's how we're designing those rigs. You're going to have to put high grade pumps on them, jet pumps or sub pumps or something to get the frac water cleaned up and the early kind of high flow rates. And then have a program in place that rotates those to the new wells and rotates them in a more permanent solution, probably rod them up in a lot of cases, just sort of high-volume rod pumping, that's what we're thinking. But we don't have that solution yet. And it's going to be some combination of flowing wells, high rate, getting the frac to it all and then long-term pumping science.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: And what do you think about access to electricity and then, it's kind of the same question in the Wolfcamp, how do you think about that if you have to use that type of system?
Brent Smolik: Well, if it's pumping, we can always use gas for our pumps too. So I don't think that will be as big a challenge. It will just be managing the high flow rates initially and then long periods of time with more modest flow rates. And then to answer the Wolfcamp, what we're seeing so far is that fairly higher gas rates. And so we're getting a lot of early flow on net full [ph] on those wells.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: So basically, you're going to unload the frac with the gas charge?
Brent Smolik: That would be ideal. The ideal scenario is to do that.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: And then, additional acreage added in 2011. As you think about what you've done over the couple of years, how do you think about capital? And could you expose a couple of hundred million dollars to any new plays this year?
Brent Smolik: What we have been saying is that we expect something more like a traditional run rate for us for new lands. It's kind of how we've guided in our capital plans right now. Last year, it was kind of almost 2x a year for land dollars for us. And then, also think beyond new lands. I mean the inventory growth, if you have inventory growth, it's likely to come first on the existing lands that we have as we continue to de-risk Eagle Ford and Wolfcamp more importantly. And as we look at infilling some of the areas, more density like the Haynesville and Eagle Ford. And so that would be the first place we'll have inventory above, the next place would be new lands and then the third place is kind of a new play, light-space area.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ted Durbin the Goldman, Sachs Co.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: First question is for Jim. How are you thinking about when Ruby comes online, how that might impact of flows on EPNG? Anything you have for rate case there? Have you kind of factored that into the rate case? How do you think the flows kind of changes as Ruby comes on?
James Yardley: That's a good question. One of the impacts on EPNG to date actually has been increased flows from Canada into the Northwest, as Canadian imports have been backed up in the Northeast. Actually -- and while Canadian imports in total are down, they've actually been up on GTN coming into northern California. So that has impacted EPNG to date. So our view is that for the most part, when Ruby comes on, it displaces those flows. I don't think we see any material further impact on EPNG from that. I'd reiterate again what I said on the script that really, we see EPNG pretty much bottoming out now with respect to throughput. And we see some very nice tangible signs of increasing demand down.  there.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then, J.R., if I could just mention, I think you said you'll need less liquidity as you get through this CapEx cycle. Can you give us a sense on where you want to be in the end of 2011, as we get into 2012 in terms of liquidity profile?
John Sult: I think, Ted, you should think that once we get that portion [ph] of the capital spend associated with the pipeline backlog, once we put Ruby in service and kind of the contingent nature of our obligations associated with all of the various agreements associated with Ruby behind us, I think something in the $1 billion to $1.5 billion at most range is more than sufficient to manage the enterprise.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research Inc.: I got a couple of questions about the MLP strategy. J.R., I know you've repeatedly said that you'll go pedal to the metal as much as the market will bear on absorbing debt and equity from EPB. I guess I just wanted to chat for a quick second about what type of dropdowns are that you'd envision and the sizes, I mean you talked about the two to three dropdowns this year. In terms of the type, it seems like it's been a really gold-plated MLP with very high cost basis, recently constructed assets that are fully contracted. Does that for now preclude things like FGT Phase VIII, which is not fully contracted, Ruby not fully contracted or legacy pipes that have been depreciated and have lower basis from being dropped down in the near future?
John Sult: Absolutely not. Craig, as we talked about a lot, virtually every asset in the Pipeline Group is an asset that can find its way down into EPB. We talked before specifically because you mentioned the FGT, great asset. FGT, we currently own 50% with a partner. That investment today is held into C corp [C corporation]. So we would just have to work, ultimately work with our partner and to find more of a tax efficient manner in which to hold that asset before dropping it down into the MLP. But I think you should look back at the pipeline assets that are currently generating cash flows as well as all those pipeline assets. We're just finishing construction as being good quality assets that EPB could own one day.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research Inc.: And I think early last year, you gave guidance that dropdowns roughly, back of the envelope, you might think about $400 million or $500 million in size. But you kind of obviously leapfrogged that considerably by the end of the year in terms of what you're able to do. As we think about that two to three dropdowns this year, are we still thinking about that kind of a $500 million mark or something substantial larger each?
John Sult: Yes. As we have said before, the only governor today at least on the pace and size, how quickly we can execute and prosecute our MLP strategy is the MLP equity markets and how much equity that we can put out on the system every year. What I've said on the guidance call is we get $1.4 billion last year of equity last year, the most ever raised by an MLP, and we just simply didn't play in for that in our guidance. But what you should approach it is the same way we've talked about before, Craig. And that is today, we could probably raise around $350 million of equity in any one time. You should assume that we would capitalize any acquisition 50-50. And so that puts you in a $700 million range from a total dropdowns standpoint, and we think we can do two or three-year.
Douglas Foshee: Having said that, and that is how we build our plan. If you said at this red hot moment, how does February of 2011 compared to February 2010, you'd say it's going into the year more robust. So we'll continue to watch that market and take advantage of it as we can.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rebecca Followill with U.S. Capital Advisors.
Rebecca Followill - Howard Weil: My two questions and only two are, one, can you give us an update on the rate cases? I think you're assuming that EPNG goes into service in April and Tennessee in June, so where those stand? And then second, on your agreement with GIP on Ruby, I think that if I'm correct, that it has to be placed in service within 16 months of obtaining the FERC approvals, so where do you guys stand on that type of window and your agreement with them?
Brent Smolik: Let me handle the rate case question, Rebecca, there's really no news. You're right, the rates go into effect in April on EPNG and June on TGP. Early days with respect to settlement discussions on both. I think we have a good track record of settling things. We certainly like to do that. I'd be surprised, at least on TGP, if settlement discussions didn't start up soon. But remember that this is, as you well know, this is the first rate case on TGP in 15 years. So there's a lot of players at the table. So I think the long and short in the rate case question is not a lot of new news today but our aim is still to try to settle by the end of the year.
John Sult: This is J.R. On the GIP question, it's actually 14 months from financial close when we closed the project financing. And so that would put it in November that our partner, if there was not in service by November, would have a put right. But all indications are, at this point in time, I think our partners are very happy with the progress that we continue to make and so, I don't see that being an issue.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Edwards with Morgan Keegan & Company.
John Edwards - Morgan Keegan: Can you remind us now when does El Paso now expect to achieve metrics sufficient for investment-grade status? And then would do you expect to receive such?
John Sult: John, what we said on our guidance call last month was we saw that by 2012 that we would have -- we have one metric, we had debt to EBITDA less than 3.5x in 2012 for El Paso Corp. And we felt like, when we look about the qualitative and quantitative credit metrics, we thought that, that was an appropriate investment-grade profile. What we haven't said is we're actually going to get the rating, necessarily, in 2012. We clearly can't control that. But by that point in time, we think we've got the metrics to support an investment-grade rating.
John Edwards - Morgan Keegan: And then, what's the total pipeline asset profile upon completion of the backlog?
Brent Smolik: You better repeat the question, please.
John Edwards - Morgan Keegan: What's the total amount of pipeline assets that you'll have upon completion of the $8 billion construction backlog?
Brent Smolik: The rate base, if you think about investment as being generally rate base, the rate base today of our legacy pipe is $10 billion to $11 billion. And by the time you work through the backlog, it will be north of $15 billion because of the pro rata nature of some of the $8 billion assets.
Operator: Our final question comes from Nathan Judge with Atlantic Equity.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: One would be related to Pinauna. Is there any different view on perhaps looking at developing that on a more accelerated schedule and/or looking at monetizing the asset?
Douglas Foshee: I'll take that one, Nathan. The Pinauna is really on the exact kind of same spot it's been for the last couple of updates. We weren't helped out by the BP spill in the Gulf because that put a little bit of shock in all the regulators around the world for offshore projects. But also, we've had Brazil elections. We have a new President and we will get new ministers, new energy ministers. But right now, that post is open for the environmental ministers. So we haven't advanced the permit, the environmental permit much at all. We have on our side, we've done everything we need to do to prepare it for the next round of submittals. But we're waiting for the appropriate time to do that with Obama and the regulatory body. And I think it's going to be for planning purposes, think about most of this year before we think we're going to be able to break through that log jam. And that's really the critical path item to do either. Either self-development or to do anything else to the partner to monetize it is getting regulatory approval to build it. And then once we do get the permit, we've got two or three years after that, if the permit is still active, before we have to be able to spend capital. So it's just a good option, especially in high oil prices, we continue to work and probably most of this year working on it.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Just with the regulated to -- thank you very much, Doug, for making the comment for essential strategic option of the company. I just wanted to get perhaps a better understanding of how the relationship of balance sheet improvements, the share price and potential split options could, how you think of them, for example, does the balance sheet need to be in shape before something or that there'll be something before that and just how those relate?
Douglas Foshee: I think what we've said was just hasn't really changed, is that we view from here on out that our balance sheet isn't going to do anything but improve driven by a whole host of things, not the least, which is the continued strategy at our MLP. Achieving not only free cash flow but also investment-grade metrics in 2012 is a corporate goal. And as we get between here and there, our view is that our options open up. And we can do whatever decisions we choose to make really from a position of strength. I think what nobody wants is companies that are somehow balance sheet constrained in terms of funding themselves adequately and being competitive in their own right or in combination.
Bruce Connery: All right, that's the last question. We want to thank you very much for joining us. And if you have any follow-up questions, please give us a call.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes the conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-11-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Bruce Connery – VP, Investor and Media Relations Doug Foshee – Chairman and CEO J.R. Sult – CFO Jim Yardley – Chairman, Pipeline Group Mark Leland – President, Midstream Group Brent Smolik – President, E&P Company
Analysts:  Steve Maresca – Morgan Stanley Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Xin Liu – JPMorgan Jonathan Lefebvre – Wells Fargo Craig Shere – Tuohy Brothers Faisel Khan – Citigroup Holly Stewart – Howard Weil Kevin Smith – Raymond James Ted Durbin – Goldman Sachs 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brooke and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the El Paso Corporation third quarter 2010 earnings conference call.  All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). I will now introduce Mr. Bruce Connery, Vice President of Investor and Media Relations.  Thank you. Mr. Connery, you may begin your conference.
Bruce Connery: Good morning. Thank you for joining our call. In just a moment, I will turn the call over to Doug Foshee, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of El Paso. You’ll hear from four other speakers on our call this morning, J.R. Sult, our CFO; Jim Yardley, Chairman of our Pipeline Group; Mark Leland, President of our Midstream Group and Brent Smolik, President of our El Paso Exploration and Production Company. As you know, this morning, we issued our third quarter earnings press release and filed it with the SEC. During this morning’s call, we will be referring to slides that are available in the Investor section of our website at elpaso.com.  Also, on our website, you will find a financial and operational reporting package that includes information that we believe you will find helpful as well as GAAP financial statements and non-GAAP reconciliations. I hope you’ve downloaded this package, so that you will have all relevant financial information available to you. During this conference call, we will make a number of forward-looking statements and projections. We’ve made every reasonable effort to ensure that the information and assumptions on which these statements and projections are based are current, reasonable and complete. However, there are a variety of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the statements and projections expressed during this call. You will find those factors listed under the cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements on slide two of this morning’s presentation as well as in other SEC filings. Please take the time to review them. We do not assume any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  Finally I’d like to ask those of you who will be participating in Q&A to limit yourselves to two questions so that we can give more people an opportunity to ask questions. Thank you for your help on this. I’ll now turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Foshee: Thanks Bruce, and good morning. We have a lot of things to cover on the operational side this morning. So in the interest of time, I’ll keep my opening comments brief. We made substantial progress against our goals this quarter and made several moves designed to position us for long-term success. In the pipes, we’re definitely in execution mode right now with several key projects under construction. We expect our 2010 in-service projects to come in on-time and substantially under budget like 25% under budget. On Ruby, we’re under construction of making good progress. As Jim will share with you in a minute, our delays getting started mean that we now expect to be over our original budget by 10% to 15%. We never like a project to be over but the fact is we are on this on. As we told you from the beginning though, we view our backlog as a portfolio and when you look at the entirety of the backlog, much of which is already completed or under construction, we expect to be within 5% or less of our original budget overall. We think that will put us at the ahead of the class in terms of new project execution and Jim will go into more detail on that later. In E&P, we just continued to hit on all cylinders. Another good quarter operationally with volumes ahead of plan, unit costs trending down as our efforts of continuous improvement payoff and those same efforts in our drilling operations work to offset cost inflation. And in Midstream, Mark and his team continue to make progress both with existing assets that he now has dominion over, as well as with key new projects in the Marcellus and the Eagle Ford that we continue to move closer to the finish line. In addition to these more tactical things though we made some strategic moves during the quarter that’s serve to increase our competitiveness and better position us for the long-term. First we added a new core area in E&P during the quarter with our substantial acreage acquisition in the emerging Wolfcamp play. This combined with our Eagle Ford position and our consolidated position in Altamont gives substantial increase in drilling inventory and at the same time a substantial increase in inventory with oil exposure. Second, we added to an already enviable price risk management position during the quarter improving our line on gas in 2011 and 2012 and adding some hedges on oil in 2011, all in favorable prices that adds certainty to our ability to generate the cash flow needed to fund both maintenance and growth capital, even in a poor gas price environment. And finally, we continue to accelerate our balance sheet improvement during the quarter redeeming a large portion of the five year financing we did at the height of the financial crisis in late 2008, and continuing to grow El Paso Pipeline Partners or MLP. The combination of steps we’ve already taken combined with planed actions between now and the end of the year, mean that we’ll end the year having completely funded our 2011 plans, another key step as we move towards free cash in 2012. With those comments to set the stage, I’ll turn it over to J.R. to review our financial performance. J.R.?
J.R. Sult: Thanks Doug and good morning. As Doug just mentioned, we did have another good quarter with continued progress towards our long-term goals. During last quarter’s call, I told you that we would not let our foot off the accelerator to our MLP strategy and we haven’t. Although I don’t have a third dropdown transaction to announce yet, with more than $400 million in new equity capital, El Paso Pipeline Partners is eager to put the money to work. We are as well. Make no mistake about it. We have the stamina and commitment to maintain our accelerated pace. Shortly, after our last call, we expanded our 2011 natural gas hedges and extended them in 2012. We took what was already a great hedge position and made it even better. Now remember our hedges do not support our drilling economics, but instead support our balance sheet and cash flows. I’ll show you our current hedges in a few minutes. Finally as Doug said we took advantage of the strong credit markets during the quarter and replaced about $350 million of the 12% five year notes we issued in the midst of the financial storm in December 2008 with 6.5% ten year debt. We continue to look for similar opportunities that are aligned with our goal of accelerating balance sheet improvement. As a result of our success executing our 2010 financing plans and actions we anticipate completing before year-end, we expect to have our 2011 funding requirements met before the end of the year. So let’s look at our quarterly results beginning on slide 6. Adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.22 which roughly flat for a year ago. Actual GAAP reported earnings for the quarter was $0.19 per diluted share and is always a complete reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to our GAAP reported financial measures included in our website. In the Pipeline Group, adjusted EBIT increased 2% for the quarter, driven largely by the impact of expansion projects. The Elba Island expansion and Elba Express Pipeline representing nearly $1 billion in growth capital went into service earlier this year. In addition, pipeline results for the quarter reflect an increase in equity AFUDC or allowance for funds used during construction on the capital employed in our pipeline expansion projects that are not yet in service. AFUDC will continue to increase until the individual projects are placed in service. These increases were somewhat offset by higher non-controlling interest expense primarily resulting from our successful MLP dropdown strategy and a non-cash write down based on our recent FERC order on CIG. Finally, third quarter results for the pipelines reflect continued regional, economic, competitive and changing GAAP slowed challenges impacting EPNG and TGP. Jim will have more on these dynamics shortly. In E&P, adjusted EBIT was down $30 million from last year. Now if you judged E&P’s third quarter performance based solely on earnings trends, you’d be making a mistake. The story for our E&P group this quarter continues to be about operational execution. More from Brent in a few minutes. So what are the headlines? Production up 4% while unit cash cost decline 9%. The big differences quarter-to-quarter, although we had a large portion of our 2009 gas production hedged with a $9 floor compared with a $6 floor this year. And oil hedged $110 in 2009 versus $76 this year. Now don’t get me wrong, with gas prices currently below $4 we’re very pleased with our $6 hedges this year. Interest expense was flat quarter-over-quarter and down from our second quarter as I projected during the last call. One last point before we leave this slide, our adjusted EBIT was down slightly, adjusted EBITDA was up 4% for the reasons I just discussed. Let’s turn to operating cash flow on slide 7. Cash flow from operations year-to-date was below last year’s level primarily due to lower realized commodity prices and working capital changes. So far this year, our 2010 hedge program has contributed almost $250 million to operating cash flow above what otherwise would be market levels. The result, estimated fiscal year 2010 operating cash flows that are ahead of the expectations we had at the beginning of the year. Capital spending picked up during the quarter as we expected and we anticipate continuing this pace for the rest of the year. If you’ll turn to slide 8, you’ll see the pipelines are running ahead of last year again consistent with expectations driven by the peak capital spending on the expansion backlog notably Ruby. On the E&P side, we’re up above $300 million from last year. You may recall that part of this is because we frontloaded a portion of our 2010 capital program to get ahead of the expected cost increases. In addition, we acquired approximately 123,000 acres in the Wolfcamp oil field during the quarter almost – for about $180 million. As we indicated, we announced the acquisition we will fund the cost of entering the new play overtime through portfolio rationalization. We’ve also made additional investments in the Eagle Ford acreage funded through reduced international spending. In the aggregate, we expect fiscal year 2010 CapEx to be essentially on budget before considering the significant strategic investment in the Wolfcamp shale. Finally, our liquidity remains very strong with $2.5 billion available at the end of September, not including cash or available credit facilities of our MLP for Ruby. As I mentioned earlier, we advanced an already good hedge position during the quarter to an even better one as shown on slide 9. When we looked at our 6/9 callers, we saw positions that were effectively $6 swaps in the current environment. Now with those option positions still has substantial value. Rather than simply watch the value erode overtime, we leverage that embedded value to our advantage. The bottom line is that we were able to increase our 2011 gas hedges to 75% at $6 and add new positions on 25% of our 2012 gas production at $6.36. Now just a reminder the percentage hedged were all periods on this slide is based on estimated 2010 domestic production levels. As we monitor industry hedging activity, we think our natural gas hedge positions are that as good as you’ll see. I’ll wrap it up with our oil hedges on slide 10.While we’re generally bullish on longer term oil prices, we remain prudent in minimizing downside risk when opportunities present themselves. We’re about 95% hedged with an $85 floor price in 2011 based on estimated 2010 production levels. As our production shifts more to oil in the future, expect us to continue to manage the price exposure of that increase in supply to support our balance sheet and cash flows. That’s my update for you this morning. I’m pleased to have another good quarter under our belt and proud of the progress we’ve made. With that I’ll turn the call over to Jim for an update on the Pipeline Group. Jim?
Jim Yardley: Thanks JR. At the pipes, the third quarter was highlighted by continuing to execute on our backlog of growth projects. We advanced three more projects towards in-service in the fourth quarter and replace them in-service as Doug said on-time and approximately 25% under budget. That’s about $100 million under budget. The first of these, the WIC expansion (inaudible) and into the Ruby pipeline was placed in-service on-time on November 1. And we’ll follow that up with a return expansion going in-service on December 1 and then the SNG South System expansion on January 1. On Ruby, although we’ve had some delays in obtaining cultural resources clearances, construction is moving ahead now on all spreads. And we’ve made good progress on the other projects in the backlog including the other large ones for in-service during 2011. TGP’s Line 300 expansion across Pennsylvania, Gulf LNG and the FGT Phase VIII expansion. We’re also filing two new rate cases. Both of these are essentially the result of shifts in the way gas is flowing across the country. We just filed a rate case on EPNG and we’ll file one on TGP most likely by the end of the month. Let’s look at throughput and these changes in flows on slide 13. In total, throughput this year is down approximately 3% from 2009. And it’s a mixed bag on our pipes across the country as you can see. I want to talk about a couple of throughput trends that are noteworthy and are driving the new rate cases. First, on TGP. While overall throughput is up, there has been a significant change in the sourcing of supplies. Receipts from Marcellus in Pennsylvania and REX in Ohio together are up about 1.3 Bcf a day year-to-year. These receipts have displaced imports from Canada at Niagara and long-haul transport from the Gulf Coast. The impact of this on TGP is the short-haul and backhaul revenue out of Marcellus has increased, but long-haul commodity and interruptible transportation are down. Also TGP’s revenue from gas not used in operations is lower due to those lower fuel volumes retained and obviously lower prices. Because of these changes, we’ll file a rate case on TGP to fully recover revenue and structure rates that are more properly reflect the reality of today’s gas flows. Secondly on EPNG, the decline in throughput is somewhat a function of the economy in the Southwest, but is also the result of increased pipeline competition and import into California. Both from LNG arriving at Costa Azul and indirectly imports from Canada. In combination this has resulted in lower freight rates available on short-term capacity sales, also some turn back of FT. And so we’ve recently filed a rate case on EPNG for new rates to be effective next spring. Changing gas flows are a reality in today’s gas market. And they are varying impacts on individual pipes. In general because El Paso owns a large and diverse set of pipelines, we are better able to absorb these ongoing changes in market conditions. And remember that we have further protection because over 80% of our revenues comes from monthly demand charges and this percentage will likely further increase as TGP goes to a more traditional rate design in its new rate case. On Ruby, slide 14. We’re well underway with construction in all spreads. As you recall, we started construction on July 31. This is about two months later the plan and after 2.5 year review process by BLM, FERC and the various federal state and local agencies. We now have eight construction spreads working on Ruby. Having out of the spread in one of the more mountainous areas of Utah to complete that section before winter. That section so called Spread 2 is proceeding very well. Ditching and pipe stringing are approximately three quarters complete and the welding of the pipe sections about two-thirds complete. As shown on the photos, a lot is going on across the entire pipeline route. Some clearing and grading, ditching, stringing and some lowering end of the pipe. Our two manned camps are up and running in Western Nevada and Oregon to house and support up to 1000 men throughout construction. So we had a lot of activity ongoing on all spreads. In general, on slide 15, construction is progressing very well on the eastern spreads and slower than expected on the western spreads in parts of Nevada and Oregon. On the western spreads, we’ve had some delays in obtaining cultural resource clearances. This in turn has restricted our construction activity there. We recently had over 150 archeologists in the field and now the permitting process is improved. In Nevada and Oregon, we now have access to over half the right-of-way. We continue to get more released on a regular basis in Nevada. And in Oregon we’re seeing improvement in the permit approval timelines. As part of this process, Ruby continues to work with the tribes and their concerns about cultural disturbances. Separately, our compression station construction is going very well, and all four of our stations, nearly all the major equipment has been set on their foundations. With respect to cost and schedule, as Doug said, we now expect Ruby to be 10% to 15% over budget, primarily due to the delays, and our target in-service is next June. The key variables will be weather this winter, the pace of getting final regulatory clearances, and dealing with various construction restrictions due to fish and game habitat or nesting periods. In sum on Ruby, construction activity continues to ramp up, and as you know, both we and our major contractors are incentivized and focused on construction productivity. Finally, slide 16. Slide 16 summarizes our multiyear major pipeline expansion program, both our performance to date and expectations. Our projects for in-service this year are either complete or nearing completion as scheduled. As I mentioned, these four projects as a group will be approximately a $100 million under budget. For the five projects that will go in service next year, all are well under construction, and other than Ruby, all are essentially on budget. And at this point they have been substantially derisked with essentially all the pipe delivered and all the construction contracts in place either fixed price, unit price or incentive based. While it’s a little early to talk about progress on our projects to go in service in 2012 and beyond, note that these are primarily lower risk pipeline looping and compression projects. So as Doug said, in total, this multiyear capital program including Ruby is expected to be within 5% of budget, and this holds whether considering gross CapEx or CapEx net to El Paso. And you’re aware that these projects have also been derisked on the market side. As a group they’re approximately 90% subscribed under long-term contracts with high-quality customers. So our focus at the pipes is a very clear one, it’s executing on all these growth projects. And with that I’ll turn it over Mark to update you on the Midstream business.
Mark Leland: Thank you, Jim. Well, it’s been a year since we announced our intention to enter the Midstream business, and I’m happy to report that we’re making visible progress on several fronts. We’re now operating and in fact expanding a gathering system in the Eagle Ford, which will have a capacity of about a 150 million a day. In the Haynesville, we have a 70 million a day gathering system that delivers to Tennessee Gas Pipeline, and we’re about to begin construction on our 150 million a day [inaudible]. In the Uintah Basin of Utah we have the Altamont gathering and processing system which gathers associated gas from this oil field, and has about 800 miles of gathering line, 40 million a day gas processing plant, and just under 4,000 barrels a day at fractionation capacity. In all three of these areas, we’re evaluation future growth needs of El Paso’s E&P Company, and we’re being very successful in pursing third-party opportunities. We’re in particularly excited about the growth potential in the Altamont system, which we’ll talk more about on our upcoming Altamont Analyst Call. We have two major shale infrastructure projects under development, one in the Marcellus and one for the Eagle Ford. As you may have seen from our recent press release, we joined forces with Spectra to leverage more existing assets to make the Marcellus Ethane Pipeline System as competitive as possible. In the case of El Paso, we’ll convert a Tennessee Gas mainline that is underutilized primarily due to changes in flows discussed by Jim. And for Spectra, we’ll contribute excess TETCO right away in the northeast. At this point, we continue discussions with producers and petrochemical plant operators to assess demand for capacity either Mont Belvieu or like Charles and Baton Rouge. So depending on how discussions with these potential customers go, we would hope to have a binding open season later this year and then sanction of project shortly thereafter. The Camino Real pipeline is a 600 million a day project. They’ll gather and process rich Eagle Ford shale gas with new pipelines that would tie into Tennessee Gas Pipeline that has existing capacity near Victoria, Texas. The gas will then move north on Tennessee to Paul County, where we’ll build a project processing plant. The NGOs will be shipped to Mont Belvieu via pipeline. We’re actively marketing this project to Eagle Ford producers. The business that we’re building and the project we’re developing are very attractive, and we’ve been approached by industry and financial players wanting to participate with us in one form or another. We’re evaluating these partnering opportunities to not only enhance our business prospects, but to manage our capital requirements. So you can see we’re starting to gain momentum on several fronts, and in all cases we’re leveraging El Paso’s asset base to provide synergies, build value for El Paso and enable the MEPS and Camino Real pipeline to be competitive solutions for Marcellus and Eagle Ford producers. With my first Midstream update complete, I’ll turn the call over to Brent.
Brent Smolik: Thanks Mark, and good morning, everyone. I’m proud to report another good E&P quarter. Production was up from a year-ago and we’re tracking towards the high end of our full-year guidance range of 760 million to 780 million a day equivalent. Cash costs were down as J.R. mentioned in Q3, and we’ve reduced our full-year guidance range again to a $1.75 to a $1.85. And as I mentioned on the last quarter call, we continue to run a very focused drilling rig program with four rigs running in the Haynesville, two in the Altamont field, and two in the Eagle Ford. So you’ll see growth from those areas while we continue to cash flow the remaining domestic assets. And as Doug noted, our drilling inventory has grown and that growths come primarily from oil projects. We’ve got a significant boost on the Wolfcamp Shale Program, and in a moment I’ll explain why we believed at our new Permian leases have tremendous potential. Production growth from the Haynesville and the Central division, Altamont in the Western division and Brazil drove the year-over-year increase in our third quarter volumes which you can see on slide 21. The Gulf Coast is down because we’re not reinvesting in our traditional programs and the ramp in the Eagle Ford is not yet overcome in the base decline, although in total we’re about where we expected for the Gulf Coast division. Cash costs were down 9% with really good progress across the board. Our production operations and our supply chain teams have continued to deliver cost efficiency improvement. So let’s turn to the Eagle Ford program which continues to perform very well also. If you were not able to attend our recent field trip then perhaps you’ve seen the charts on our website that provide a full review of the Eagle Ford play. The key takeaways from that presentation are that we have a very attractive acreage position that includes a lot of oily inventory. We now have two gas wells in the southern area and seven oil wells in the central area with gross production of about 2,500 barrels a day of oil and 7.5 million a day of dry gas. The drilling results continue to be at or better than our pre-drill models, and in fact we’re currently testing a Frio County well at over 700 barrels of oil and over 800 barrels of an equivalent basis. And currently we have six wells waiting to be completed in our dedicated factories in place here, so we expect to maintain a relatively low completion backlog. We drilled our first well in that northern block in October and we’ll complete it later this month. Wells in the Northern Canyons will be true oil wells and we’d expect the EURs in those to be like 300,000 barrels to 550,000 barrels. The resource potential here is significant. We’ve got about 250 million barrels of oil and liquids and about 1.8 Tcf of gas on an unrisk basis. And given the size and the quality of our Eagle Ford acreage coupled with our entry into the Wolfcamp Shale play and our desire to maintain capital discipline, we’re considering taking an Eagle Ford partner to help optimize the value of our inventory. We plan to keep two rigs running for the remainder of the year; add a third rig in 2011, and we plan to exit 2011 at five to six rigs, and most of our near-term drilling is going to be oil focused. With current pricing, this is our most valuable program, and we’re really happy with our returns in the oil production will become more meaningful to our volume mixes as we go through 2011. Our Haynesville program continues to outperform others in the play. Our wells are still delivering about 30% more production than the industry average, and we’ve recently drilled a well to TD in 20 days, and I don’t think anyone else can come close to that drilling pace. On the last call, I talked about how we had entered into a two-year contract for a dedicated frac crew, so that we could eliminate delays and getting our wells completed. And our completion backlog had grown to 16 wells in late August, so we worked that backlog down to 12 wells which would benefit our production in the fourth quarter. And recently, our net production has been over 170 million a day. Now, while some companies are seeing a falloff in oil productivity in the Haynesville, we’re seeing very consistent IP rates and EURs, and I continue to believe that’s because we start with an advantaged acreage position just right in the heart of the play and then we continue execute well on the completion in their production operations areas. I’ll keep my Altamont comments brief today since we have our schedule call on November 18th at 4:30 Eastern Time. Altamont remember is a huge resource originally about 3 billion barrels of oil in place, only about 10% of that’s been produced, so we’re busy trying to increase recoveries from the field. This is a textbook continuous improvement story. We know the oil is there, we’ve had a large drilling inventory, and we’ll continue to drill wells faster and more cost effectively over time, and we’ll continue to improve our completion design and well performance. So please join us for more regarding Altamont in a couple of weeks. And then a few weeks ago, we announced our new Permian Basin oil program that we’re very excited about in the Wolfcamp Shale. Slide 25 shows we now have a significant position roughly 135,000 net acres all in large contiguous blocks with a single royalty owner as the State of Texas is part of the university land system. Now, we think we have more than 600 horizontal well locations just in the upper portion of the Wolfcamp, assuming a 75% acreage utilization factor which then translates to more than a 150 million barrels of oil equivalent resources. I’ll show you a regional map in a moment, but one of the things we really liked about the play is that we’re dealing with a known reservoir. There have been hundreds of successful vertical Wolfcamp producers in this area and there’s plenty of existing infrastructure. So although it’s still very early days for horizontal activity in the Wolfcamp, six horizontal wells have been drilled offset to our acreage with very encouraging results, and we’re tracking the current drilling activity in the area. We cored and tested one well before we bid on the university leases. And although we had some mechanical problems during the completion, we got all the information we needed to confirm the high quality of our lease area relative to our regional view of the play. And then finally, we believe that what we’ve learned operationally in the Haynesville and the Eagle Ford will be directly applicable to the development of the Wolfcamp. Let’s step back a second and talk about why we targeted the Wolfcamp. Now earlier this year as our Eagle Ford program was moving into the development phase, we took a small position in Crockett County to study and pilot test the Wolfcamp. That recommendation came from our technical team following extensive review of the Wolfcamp Shale across the entire Permian Basin where they literally included thousands of oil logs and production histories over a 13-county study area. The map on slide 26 shows vertical a Wolfcamp and Wolfberry production virtually surrounding our acreage. And not shown on the map, as you move from north to south towards our blocks to Sprayberry above the Wolfcamp actually gets thinner and the Wolfcamp Shale gets thicker. In fact the total upper and lower Wolfcamp Shale interval is almost a 1,000 feet thick in places. So we’re dealing with a known producing reservoir not just a known source rock, and better yet it’s an oil play with upside and all of the traditional vertically stacked Permian Basin oil reservoirs. Let me compare and contrast the Wolfcamp Shale to other shales, we see a lot of things we like. On table 24, highlights the shale reservoir success factors, and a number of things jump out at you; shallower depth, so it’s going to be cheaper and easier to drill; a very thick section, 400 to 850 foot of net thickness; and clearly we can’t horizontally drill and complete a section this thick with one lateral. But having a very thick section creates a possibility of a second phase of horizontal development in the lower portion of the Wolfcamp, which would essentially double the resource potential. High organic content, we need organic material to generate hydrocarbons, and a 4% to 15% indicates a very organic rich shale. High porosity with values ranging between 7% and 15%, the Wolfcamp has high oil in place storage capacity. And then finally low clay content. We want shales that have high quartz or carbonate content and low clay content. The quartz and the carbonates form brittle rocks that are easier to hydraulically frac and they tend to be more porous and permeable. We all refer to the source rocks as shales, but what we’re really looking for is low clay content shales. So the Wolfcamp has a lot of things to like and I believe it compares very favorably to some of the more established shale plays. Now another positive is its relative consistency of the Wolfcamp section across our acreage position. On slide 28, we showed two logs from the northeast to the south – northwest rather to the southeast across our acreage spanning roughly 35 miles. Now the laws we marked to Sprayberry, the Dean, the upper and lower Wolfcamp sections. And when our technical team was doing their original analysis, this consistency is part what we were targeting for our acreage objectives. The laws tell us that the upper Wolfcamp is very good porosity and high organic content as we’ve discussed. And as importantly it shows that the section is very consistent all the way across our acreage position, and that consistency is what lead us to build the large acreage position quickly, and allows for the kind of repeatable inventory that can deliver predictable well results and returns that we looked for. Now, we’ll obviously experiment with drilling and completion designs, but slide 29 summarizes our current type well economics. At the midpoints, we’ve seen 7,500 foot vertical depths, 5000 foot laterals, 16 frac stages, a 160 acres spacing, and completed well cost of about $5 million. We estimate initial producing rates of 250 to 300 equivalent barrels per day, although we’ve already seen wells offset our block that are much higher than this, and those rates would translate to gross EURs of like 300,000 to 380,000 equivalent barrels. Ultimately the program PVR should be in the 1.25 to 1.35 range assuming $70 oil and $4.50 gas and the IRR should be in the 20% to 30% range. Now again, our model only assumes developing the upper portion of the Wolfcamp with possible upside value from the lower Wolfcamp horizontal development and horizontal development on tighter than a 160-acre spacing, and then all the other vertically stacked oil zones in the Permian basin. With all the resource potential on our new leases, we’ll hopefully be talking about the Permian Basin for a long time. Going forward, we plan to spud another well in November, and keep that rig active into 2011. The formula we’ve used in the Haynesville and the Eagle Ford has worked well for us, so we intent do mirror that approach. We’ll start with one rig and then we’ll try different lateral links and numbers of frac stages and then find ways to reduce drilling and completion cost and time. We’ll also be spudding wells across our acreage to better understand our position and to improve our long-term plans. One of the great things about having a single very knowledgeable royalty owner is that we can better optimize our development plan and we’ve already begun the process of unitizing the university lands. By using that approach and given success you should expect this to ramp up our drilling activity throughout 2011 just as we’ve done in our other core programs. Now, I’ll turn the call back to Doug for closing comments.
Doug Foshee: Thanks Brent. We had a very good quarter operationally. We continue to make progress in executing on our pipeline backlog and not withstanding an anticipated cost overrun on the Ruby pipeline, we expect our growth backlog in total to be within 5% of its original budget. In Midstream, we continue to make progress on key projects in the Marcellus and Eagle Ford, and are already seeing the benefit of Mark and his team’s stewardship of our existing Midstream assets in Altamont and in Haynesville. And in E&P, Brent just outlined a great quarter, and lots of reasons to be optimistic about the balance of the year, as well as the longer term. As we plan for 2011 capital spending and E&P, it’s very likely that the bulk of our spending will be in areas that didn’t even exist as a possibility three years ago. A much large inventory comprised primarily of large core positions in areas where we’re advantaged and have a track record of performance with much more exposure to oil. That constitutes a dramatic shift in the competitive landscape over a very short period of time. On the balance sheet side, we expect to have covered off all our financing needs for 2011 in the next two months. All of these actions served to increase our competitiveness even in a low gas price environment and we’re not sitting still. We have more plan for the balance of the year including as Brent alluded to the securing of the joint venture partner for our Eagle Ford acreage, allowing us to accelerate development, and optimize our own invested capital. That concludes our prepared remarks this morning, and now we’d be happy to open it up to your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from Steve Maresca with Morgan Stanley.
Steve Maresca – Morgan Stanley: Good morning, everybody.
Doug Foshee: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Maresca – Morgan Stanley: My first question is on the pipelines and on the rare cases you talked about Jim. If you could just provide some color as to how it works in a sense, you filed one for EPNG, and I guess these are Section 4 cases, and you followed one for TGP. What are the risk that there’s pushback and that this doesn’t happen and you don’t get the rate increases on these lines?
Jim Yardley: Yes, these are traditional Section 4 rate cases. It’s not unusual for us to file at one level. Typically we’ve settled rate cases, I think we have a long history of settling rate cases with our customers. Occasionally they will go to litigation and it will be sorted out by an ALJ and the commission. But, I – we have a very long history of being able to settle cases at reasonable returns. If you think about where the commission is on returns these days, if you work through just the formulas, the dividend growth formula that use for proxy groups in the world of low interest rates, you can come up with a little pressure downward on a live returns. But over the long term, if you look over a 10 to 15-year period, relatively to those formulaic crisis, the commission has tended to dampen those returns both on the upside and downside, so that when we think about regulated type returns, we’re in the 14% to 15% range pretax return on capital.
Steve Maresca – Morgan Stanley: Okay.
Jim Yardley: And we’d expect something like that here.
Steve Maresca – Morgan Stanley: And my second and final question – I’ll get back in queue – is related to the drop down and J.R. already about keeping the foot on the accelerator. So part of it is, what is the delay I guess from timing wise in doing an equity offering and getting something done in the drop down? And as a part of that, you talked about being potentially funded for ‘11 by the end of this year, so what does that mean if you do drop downs in ‘11, where does that capital is going to?
J.R. Sult: Yes, Steve, I mean, again, the equity offering that we just did – the partnership did was at most 45 days ago, so we don’t view that as any delay. As you know there is a process what the partnership has to go through, and we remain confident that there will be an opportunity there for the partnership to put the money to work relatively quickly. When I looked to 2011, the strategy remains intact, and I think the pace of the activity remains intact as well. I mean to the extent that the drop downs are not used for current year requirements into the extent we’re done this year which is what we’re expecting, and I see the bulk of that excess proceeds to El Paso going to pay down debt.
Steve Maresca – Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks a lot, guys.
J.R. Sult: Thanks Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital: Hi, thank you. Good morning, everybody. Doug, Jim, just to – on Ruby for a second – actually two questions around Ruby. One, there was the mention of the projects coming online by the end of the year, saving a $100 million. Does that accrue to the benefit of the company? I mean, should we be looking at this as perhaps instead of just the $300 million to $500 million increase at Ruby, that net overall we’re talking more $200 million to $400 million?
Doug Foshee: For the most part, yes, there is a little bit of a mixed bag there, and with some of the capital cost savings goes to customers, but more so to us.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital: Okay. So it is sharing.
Jim Yardley: You’re talking about the three projects going in service this year.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital: Correct. Okay, no, that answers that question. The – really kind of what I wanted to go to with Ruby, you mentioned several variables there in your slide, weather, et cetera. Are these things that could also perhaps telescope that project back in by a month or so or should we be reading that as ongoing risks to the June timeframe? And now that we are in this renewed timeframe that we’re – updated timeframe, what are the milestones here if you could help us out with that?
Jim Yardley: Well, first of all with respect to the weather risk, there is sort of upside and downside to that. When we say June, it is highly dependent on weather to the extent we have a benign winter, we can do better than that, and likewise doing the other way. But – so that’s the way I’d answer that. I think of the different risk that we face, we are at a formidable stage I’d say, we’re well underway in construction. But with respect to milestones, we’re going to know a lot more when we get into say February, March, maybe January, February, March. When you think about Ruby construction, you ought to focus on three variables. One is winter weather and what that means with respect to construction productivity. A second is where we are on all these cultural clearances. And as I say, we’ve made some very good headway just in the last few weeks on that and we expect continued progress. And finally, there are different biological windows with respect to when you can build and when you can’t build to avoid migratory birds and the like. The biggest near term weather window we have their concerns big game to the extent we have a normal winter. We think that we ought to be able to work through some of those big game windows. And if it were more severe and some of the Elk or whatever had to come down and do some grazing on lower areas without some more issues, so – but those are the three things to look for. But I think you can tell that over the course of the next month or so we’ll know a lot more.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital: Yes, I know, I appreciate all of that. Is there an analog? If I recall correctly the original operating construction timeframe had, for instance, pipe being laid in and around the November timeframe. Is there an analog now? I mean, should all of that pipe, in order to meet the June timeframe be laid by April 1st or would it be sooner or later than that?
Jim Yardley: Yes, that’s probably about right. The spreads will complete at different time periods, but you can think about pre tie-in work that we would be complete in and around April. Remember, also, that we have in this build up on capital, we still have a significant contingency is the result of these milestones still lying ahead of us.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital: I appreciate the color, guys.
Doug Foshee: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Xin Liu with JPMorgan.
Xin Liu – JPMorgan: Good morning.
Doug Foshee: Good morning.
Xin Liu – JPMorgan: Brent, you mentioned you secured frac crew in the Haynesville. How about in the Eagle Ford? What have you seen in terms of costs and have you secured a long-term service contract?
Brent Smolik: Yes, we have a – we’re pretty well covered for our 2011 program and beyond even for Haynesville and Eagle Ford. We may have to pick up the odd frac skid to complete our program, but we’re pretty well covered for those. The only place we’re looking for frac equipment right now is that West Texas Wolfcamp program, and it’s just because we’re just now in the planning stages of deciding how we’re going to ramp up activity through the year. We’re not seeing – we did those contracts, we talked about it on the last call for both the Eagle Ford and the Haynesville, so we’ve already locked those prices in.
Xin Liu – JPMorgan: Okay. So the cost assumptions you guys had for Eagle Ford in the Eagle Ford shore that would stay the same level for the next couple years?
Brent Smolik: Yes, the only thing we could see there is, as we recontract rigs in the second half of ‘11, and we’re working on that today. And we don’t see it – we still see it in the ranges we gave you on the field tour.
Xin Liu – JPMorgan: Okay. And also any color on that specific problem related to that Wolfcamp well to completion?
Brent Smolik: The main thing that we had there was we drilled the well vertically and logged it and courted in and got a large suite of a log data and rock data that we would use for our modeling. And then we drilled a well horizontally, and in the horizontal completion, we had a tight spot in the casing that we weren’t able to get plugs down to isolate between fracs. So what we ultimately did is only fracked it one time to be able to get all samples and indications of how well the rock fracked and those kinds of pressures and rates and those kinds of design things. And so we got – we got all the information we thought we needed. We just didn’t get to finish out the fracking and today we’re working on some alternatives where we may not need to use plugs, mechanical plugs, we might be able to isolate it, but viscose type plugs are something like that. And so we’re still work on the utilization for the well bore, but the main thing is we got all the data we needed to be able to do our assessment for the bid sale.
Xin Liu – JPMorgan: Okay, thank you, appreciate it.
Doug Foshee: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Lefebvre with Wells Fargo.
Jonathan Lefebvre – Wells Fargo: Good morning.
Doug Foshee: Good morning.
Jonathan Lefebvre – Wells Fargo: Just on the Wolfcamp, I was wondering if you could maybe talk about the six wells that were near your acreage what you saw there, and I think you mentioned that there were some pretty decent IP rate of 300,000 to 380,000 barrels per day. And just was wondering what was the difference – how do we get there? And then maybe following up on that, there’s also a – some of your competitors talking about moving to 40-acre spacing, is that an option for you as well?
Brent Smolik: Yes, so the reverse numbers – I’m going to take them in reverse order Jonathan – the resource numbers I gave you were based on a 160-acre spacing.
Jonathan Lefebvre – Wells Fargo: Right.
Brent Smolik: And so it’s possible that we’ll ultimately drill on to – ultimately drill smaller spacing, but that only upside for the resources. The industry is sort of a mixed bag right now. We’re still trying to work on what’s the proper orientation to the well, with varying links, you’ve seen different links in the horizontal well and different numbers of fracs across the link to the horizontal. And so with six wells, we’re really early into at least for this southern part of the trend, we’re really early into it. Because we’ve got these university lands, we’re able to unitize them, we’re going to be able to have lots of flexibility in terms of the length of the laterals that we drill. So we’re going to try to trend for longer rather than shorter as we start off our program here in a month or in a couple of weeks.
Jonathan Lefebvre – Wells Fargo: Understood. And then where do you expect costs can go? I mean, I think there was an estimate out there for $3.5 million. I think on the low end you’re seeing $4.5 million. I mean, when you get into a full development, do you see that cost might be able to go down to that level?
Brent Smolik: Yes, that is the cost that we’re using in our current full scale development economics now. But in the other plays, we’ve been able to improve on our early assumptions that we’ve made just about this from the learning that we have in this program.
Jonathan Lefebvre – Wells Fargo: All right.
Brent Smolik: And I think Jonathan you asked about those offset wells. We’ve seen offset well production well over 400 barrels a day in some of those offset horizontals. So we even think our initial rate assumption which generally translates to UR might be conservative. And one other quick correct while I get the mic is I think I said a Frio County well that we’re testing and the Eagle Ford, so it’s actually LaSalle County well which is the one testing above 800 barrels a day.
Jonathan Lefebvre – Wells Fargo: Yes, okay. So while we’re on the Eagle Ford maybe we can jump to the JV and just maybe you can talk about your interest in the type of JV, whether it be more on the oil or gas side? Do you have a preference? Is all the acreage on the table kind of timing and maybe what the capital might be used for?
J.R. Sult: Yes, I think, first of all of the options are opened to us right now. I think it’s likely that in today’s gas price environment there’s obviously going to be more interest in acreage that’s oily rather than gassy, and so we’ll take that into account. In terms of what that might ultimately be structured as and how much cash and how much carry and what, we’re going to be driven by the economic outcome to El Paso. And I think you can sort of mentally think about any cash proceeds in effect paying for our entry into the Wolfcamp. But if you think about capital as being fungible, then it’s incrementally helping us with our 2011 capital program, which then allows us to get balance sheet repair more quickly from sources of capital from other sources of capital from other sources of capital.
Jonathan Lefebvre – Wells Fargo: Appreciate that. And then just moving to Brazil quickly, I know you got the Pinauna Project. Is that – timing on that, is that still fourth quarter or has that been pushed out at all?
Doug Foshee: We’ll answer that one and then we move on so other people with ask questions.
Jim Yardley: So Jonathan, I think that we clearly lost a little momentum with all the elections going on, their national elections are going on just like ours, and they had a runoff to the President. And so things got pretty sluggish, but we think we’re going to pick back up the attention that we’re getting on that permit. But we’re not going to get it by the fourth quarter of this year, it will drag into next year.
Jonathan Lefebvre – Wells Fargo: Yes –
Jim Yardley: [inaudible] we’re doing on that project if you think about it is we’re just advance it at whatever pace it takes to get it done and create an option for us to able to develop the project or take a partner or sell it or whatever we choose to do with it.
Jonathan Lefebvre – Wells Fargo: Right. Thanks, guys. I appreciate it.
Doug Foshee: Yes, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere – Tuohy Brothers: Hi. Thanks for the call, guys. One question for Brent. Did I hear you say that the majority of the drilling now is in the northern oily section, because I thought you had more rigs in the kind of middle condensate section? And then for Jim, can you comment about the effect of efforts to move underutilized gas pipelines into Midstream, what that effect has on the ability to get rate relief, and what the comparable returns might be if they went in the Midstream section?
Brent Smolik: You’re going to take second first or first – so just to answer your question, the rigs that are currently going right now Craig are what we call Central. It’s basically LaSalle County, the heart of LaSalle County is where we’ll have most of our activity. Those wells are effectively oil wells. They’re oil in the reservoir. If you get on the southern edge of that block, you get into the more condensate area, and so that the gravity goes up a little bit. But if they’re very oily all across LaSalle County and that’s where most of our activity will be and then we’ll pilot test northern Frio and Atascosa County, we’ll work those in. What I meant to say about that was we won’t drill very many gas wells.
Craig Shere – Tuohy Brothers: Understood. But you only have one rig working in the northern section right now.
Brent Smolik: Right.
Craig Shere – Tuohy Brothers: Okay.
Jim Yardley: On the underutilized capacity question, so right now, for example on TGP, we probably have – probably about 250 to 300 today of unutilized capacity going up through say Tennessee, Kentucky, Ohio, to the extent we’re able to utilize that and of Mark’s midstream projects. Obviously that helps, it helps to the extent that in one form or fashion we’re getting a return on that capital, whereas today it’s if we’re getting it all it’s heavily discounted.
Craig Shere – Tuohy Brothers: And so this would all be incremental if it was able to be utilized in another fashion, and you don’t anticipate recouping meaningful returns on these underutilized sections through the rate process?
Jim Yardley: Well, we’re – I think the way to answer that is we’re mindful competition, at the same time we’re filing these rate cases, so that to the extent it’s used in midstream, I think there’s a much higher probability for getting a reason to return on that piece of pie.
Craig Shere – Tuohy Brothers: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Snyder with Citigroup.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Good morning, it’s actually Faisel from Citi.
Doug Foshee: Hi Faisel.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: How are you doing? A couple of – few quick questions. One on EPNG and the pipeline, Jim, you talked about volumes being down because of the California economy. I was wondering if more that also has to with the weather in California and the snow pack levels, and if that’s what’s driving the volume metric declines, not the economy?
Jim Yardley: No, the economy tends to be I’d say, a decline year-to-year the economy is probably close to half of the decline with the other half being a mixed half of imports in the California from those LNG coming into Costa Azul, as well as Canadian imports coming in and effectively displacing Southern California needs.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Got you. And on the E&P side, G&A costs – I’m sorry, cash costs come down, and it looks like a lot of that came out of G&A costs and of course lower taxes too because of commodity prices. Can you give us – elaborate a little bit what drove down sequentially your G&A costs quarter-to-quarter?
J.R. Sult: Mostly there is nothing in there that’s unusual that we had bonuses in the first half of the year from last year that we don’t have in the third quarter here. And then otherwise it is just managing with a small workforce.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Okay, got you. And then in the Eagle Ford, what’s your production right now in the Eagle Ford?
Brent Smolik: The total we have is about 2,500 barrels of day of oil and about 7.5 million a day of gas and that’s gross.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Okay, got you. And if I am looking at your upper Wolfcamp economics, is it fair to assume that given the net reserves and the well costs you’re looking at $22 per BOE in development costs? Is that the right way to look at it?
Brent Smolik: The way it works out on gas, $5 million at the midpoint is what I would use if you want to pick a number, $5 million were well cost.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Okay, got you. And then I think one – go ahead.
Doug Foshee: Faisel.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Yes.
Doug Foshee: Faisel we got two questions and we’ve got folks.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Okay.
Doug Foshee: We’d appreciate it.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Fair enough, thank you.
Brent Smolik: Thanks Faisel.
Operator: Your next question comes from Holly Stewart with Howard Weil.
Doug Foshee: Good morning, Holly.
Operator: Holly, your line is open.
Holly Stewart – Howard Weil: Good morning, guys.
Doug Foshee: Hi.
Holly Stewart – Howard Weil: Quickly, just following up on the line of Eagle Ford opportunities. I mean you seem to have a pretty unique position here in terms of your size of your acreage block, your services are locked in, you’ve got a Midstream business to support your activity here. So can you just talk about where you stand in the process and kind of what your expectation is on timing if there is any?
Mark Leland: Are you talking about with regard to a JV.
Holly Stewart – Howard Weil: Yes.
Mark Leland: Yes, I think there is a chance that we could know what we’re going to do by the end of the year and I think our best guess would be that we’d actually transact sometime early 2011.
Holly Stewart – Howard Weil: Perfect. And then just my follow-up. Bigger picture question, Doug, is just really you guys have a unique look at the natural gas market given your pipeline business and you’re really shifting your E&P opportunities towards oil. So what does that say really about your longer term outlook for natural gas?
Doug Foshee: I don’t know that it necessarily says a lot about our long-term outlook for natural gas. I think what it says about the near term is that we think that there is a good change that natural gas prices are going to stay relatively low for certainly for 2011 and into 2012. And when they rebound in our view is sort of some combination of the recovery of the US economy, so GDP going up for some sustained period of time, the beginning of the impact of old coal retirements, and the contingent fall off in exports from Canada. And how you assess the timing of that is, I mean there’s a great deal of uncertainty. I looked at four or five of the big forecasters of just of US production for 2011 and I think by the end of the year they diverse by about 5 Bcf a day and a kind of a 60 Bcf a day market. So there is a lot of uncertainty. I think what we’ve tried to do in position ourselves so that we’re not losing the optionality that we believe exists on at very favorable macro for gas in the long term, and in the interim we’ve got the ability because of the repositioning of our E&P portfolio to take advantage of a favored commodity right now in oil. We think that’s the right thing to do.
Holly Stewart – Howard Weil: [Inaudible] Doug.
Doug Foshee: Yes.
Mark Leland: Thanks Holly.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Smith with Raymond James.
Kevin Smith – Raymond James: Hi, good morning, gentlemen. Thank you for taking my call.
Doug Foshee: Hi Kevin.
Kevin Smith – Raymond James: Just two questions on the Haynesville. First, can you discuss your well backlogs and where we’d look at that as far as drilled but not completed. And then secondly, can you talk about your EURs, Haynesville EURs in a $4 gas environment versus a $6 safety dollar environment, how sensitive they are? Thank you.
Brent Smolik: The EURs I don’t think they’re going to be very sensitive. The operating expense if that’s what you’re getting at is really low in the Haynesville and will stay low even in the late life when we’re running out in compression especially for us, because remember we’re drilling it under the old Holly field. So I don’t think we’re going to see any late life truncation much of reserves, because we’re even in late life we’re going to be less than $0.50 a unit and today we’re more like $0.10 a unit for operating expense for the Haynesville. So I don’t think it’s sensitive to price at all. For us, it still kind of 6 to 7 Bs is the number that we think out for the core and of the Holly. What was the first question?
Doug Foshee: In terms of backlog.
Brent Smolik: On the backlog, as I said in the prepared comments, we’ve got it down to 12, and we’ll probably run in that kind of 8 to 12 range, because we need some amount of backlog to efficiently schedule all of the completion activities. But we’ve gotten up to about 19 wells in the backlog. So you can’t see it on the production chart that we included in the slides, because it’s Q2, Q3, but we’re going to see a step up in Q4, because we’re working that backlog off faster than we were in the third quarter.
Kevin Smith – Raymond James: All right. Thank you very much.
Jim Yardley: And our current volumes are up 40 million a day from third quarter on average.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Cerasoli with Goldman Sachs.
Ted Durbin – Goldman Sachs: Hi. It’s actually Ted Durbin from Goldman. Just a quick one. On the Ruby pipeline, are your contracts impacted at all by the delay? In other words, the returns here on the project going to be impacted just on the cost side or is there anything on the revenue side?
Jim Yardley: On the cost side – well, first of all, let me just make a – maybe this is where you’re going. But we have had on the cost side with our major contractors, we’ve had incentive based contracts. We still have incentive based contracts. In fact, we’ve just reformulated them given the delays that were outside the contractors control, we have put in place just recently new incentive based contracts with new target prices. And the benefit – the value of going through that is that we’ve had now with four very highly respected contractors all of who are working on the Ruby, together with our own experience we’ve built through the one as you know Mike. But so, we have now a lot of commonality about expectations and incentives in place to perform. So to the extent we do better than target, that each contract does better than target, the capital cost comes down. So – am I responding to your question?
Ted Durbin – Goldman Sachs: Yes, no, and I was just – actually on the revenue side of actually your contracts with your – with the shippers themselves, is there any impact there to the delay?
Jim Yardley: The answer is no.
Ted Durbin – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Just checking.
Jim Yardley: Sorry about that.
Ted Durbin – Goldman Sachs: That’s all I had. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the conference back over to Bruce Connery for closing remarks.
Bruce Connery: All right. Thank you for your questions, thank you for taking time with us this morning. We hope that you agree that our execution and the strategic steps we are taking are creating value for our shareholders and we hope that you will join us for Altamont call on November 18th. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-08-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Bruce Connery – Vice President, Investor and Media Relations Doug Foshee – Chairman and CEO J.R. Sult – CFO Jim Yardley – Chairman, Pipeline Group Brent Smolik – President, E&P Company
Analysts : Jonathan Lefebvre – Wells Fargo Xin Liu – JPMorgan Carl Kirst – BMO Craig Shere – Tuohy Brother Investors Kevin Smith – Raymond James Ella Bjornik – RBC Capital Markets Faisel Khan – Citigroup 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brooke and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the El Paso Corporation second quarter 2010 earnings conference call.  All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Bruce Connery, Vice President of Investor and Media Relations.  Thank you. Mr. Connery, you may begin your conference.
Bruce Connery: Good morning. Thank you for joining our call. In just a moment, I will turn the call over to Doug Foshee, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of El Paso. You’ll hear from three other speakers whose on our call this morning, J.R. Sult, CFO; Jim Yardley, Chairman of our Pipeline Group; and Brent Smolik, President of our E&P Company. As you know, this morning, we issued our second quarter earnings press release and filed it with the SEC. During this morning’s call, we will be referring to slides that are available in Investor section of our website elpaso.com.  Also, on our website, you will find a financial and operational reporting package that includes information that we believe will be helpful as well as GAAP financial statements and non-GAAP reconciliations. I hope you’ve downloaded this package, so that you have all relevant financial information available to you. During this conference call, we will make a number of forward-looking statements and projections. We’ve made every reasonable effort to ensure that the information and assumptions on which these statements and projections are based are current, reasonable and complete. However, there are a variety of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the statements and projections expressed during this call. You will find those factors listed under the cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements on slide two of this morning’s presentation as well as in some of our SEC filings. Please take the time to review them. El Paso does not assume any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Again, thank you for joining our call. And, I’ll now turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Foshee:  Thanks Bruce, and good morning. We’re excited to follow-up a successful first quarter with another very good performance in Q2. We’ve talked a lot about execution since our December 10th Analyst Meeting. And, so far in 2010, we’ve delivered on our execution promises, both operationally and financially. In the pipes, the projects put in service so far this year, the Elba Expansion and the Elba Express Pipeline were both on time and on budget. And at $900 million in total capital, this is a large part of the backlog that you can now check off as successfully completed.  In a few minutes, Jim will show you that we have more projects to go into service this year, and we think we have a good chance of delivering those projects on time and under budget.  The Ruby Pipeline, our largest single project in our backlog, just reached another milestone, and is now under construction. As important as this step is though, we now start the critical phase of review, the construction of 675 miles of pipe across the Western US. This is a large complex project, one that will employ 5,000 people at its peak, roughly the same number of folks that work at El Paso in total today. So there is no time to take an early victory lap. We’ll focus now on executing this project safely, on-time, and on budget, and we have the best team of folks on the job; experienced members of team El Paso as well as a cadre of highly skilled contractors. On Tennessee Gas Pipeline, last week, we announced yet another expansion, to supporting our customers in the Marcellus unconventional shale play. This isn’t a big one, but cumulatively we now have $1.1 billion in growth capital that will leverage our position right in the heart of this important new resource play. In E&P, we had another very solid quarter. Production has now risen for the last three quarters and the Haynesville continues to lead the way. Unit cash cost were below our first quarter number. And, you’ll recall that, we lowered our cash cost guidance last quarter. We’ve continued to grow our position in the Eagle Ford, adding more inventory, particularly in the liquids rich portion of the play.  Our investment strategy in E&P hasn’t changed at all. E&P is leaving within its means, staying focused on continuous improvements in operations, leading to improvements in unit costs, generating good returns, and continuing to grow our inventory of repeatable low-cost, low-risk growth opportunities for the long term. On the Midstream front, we continue to evaluate potential projects, particularly in the Eagle Ford and Marcellus. None have reached maturity yet, but we continue to look for projects that we provide synergies with our existing business. Eight projects wouldn’t likely come to service before 2012 and wouldn’t cause us to back away from our free cash target in 2012. On the finance front, our financing needs for 2010 have already been put to bed. We also already have about $200 million of 2011 capital spoken for and will continue to look to grow our MLP in the second half. Finally, we raised our full-year 2010 guidance today for adjusted earnings per share to a range of $0.90 to $1 a share, up from our original guidance for the year of $0.75 to $0.95.  With that, I’ll turn the call over to J.R., and comeback at the end, to wrap things up.
J.R. Sult: Thanks Doug, and good morning. As Doug just highlighted, we did have another good quarter and continued success executing on our financing plan. We think our results provide further crew for the benefits of our focus on executive. So let’s chip right in and talk about the quarter. Adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.22, which not surprisingly is down slightly from a year-ago. Growth in pipeline earnings and higher E&P production volumes were more than offset by lower natural gas prices including our hedges. A significant portion of our 2009 gas production was hedged with a floor of $9. Now, our actual GAAP reported earnings for the quarter was $0.21 per diluted share. Items impacting the second quarter include the impact of our E&P hedges, a gain on sale of our Mexican pipeline assets, and the impact of market-to-market on our legacy power book. In the Pipeline Group, adjusted EBIT increased 11% for the quarter, driven by largely by the impact of expansion projects. Higher reservation revenues from the Elba and expansion in the Elba Express Pipeline that went into service earlier this year, as well as the expansion project that went into service late last year, led our growth. In addition, pipeline results also benefited from an increase in AFUDC or allowance used for funds during construction on the capital employed and our pipeline expansion projects that are not yet in service. The AFUDC is reflecting in both EBIT as well as a reduction of interest expense in our result.  In E&P, adjusted EBIT declined from a year-ago, primarily due to lower natural gas prices including our hedges.  Interest expense was higher for the quarter, mostly due to debt associated with the Ruby Pipeline Project, as well as a one-time adjustment to AFUDC to reflect the lower interest rates we achieved on the Ruby Project financing and the final capital structure expected for the project. Let’s shift gears and talk about operating cash flow and capital investment. Our capital plan remained on track. This roughly $4 billion capital budget and $1.6 billion spend to date, activity and spending levels will be considerably higher in the second half, driven by construction of the Ruby Pipeline. On the E&P side, despite continuing to fight the headwinds of service cost increases, we remained focused on lending within our means. If you’ll recall, we front loaded a portion of our 2010 capital program to get out ahead of some of the expected cost increases. Brent, will give you an update on what we are doing to proactively manage AFE cost increases. Our liquidity remains very strong. There’s $2.7 billion available at the end of the July. Now, this does not include the $1.5 billion Ruby Project financing that will be used to fund the construction of the pipeline. Finally, cash flow from operations for the quarter was below last year’s level, again due largely to lower commodity prices including our hedges. Successfully managing commodity price risk is an important element when we talk about financial execution. We’ve got a disciplined approach to price risk management, it’s the responsibility of our Price Risk Management Committee. Brent, Mark, Dave Whitehead the Head of our Strategy, and me sit on that committee. This Group meets weekly to discuss market conditions and oversee the execution of our hedging strategy.  So let’s take a look at our 2010 and 2011 hedge positions on slide seven. By the way as a side note, our 2010 hedge positions contributed about a $100 million to cash flows in the second quarter alone. As you can see from the slide, about 75% of our domestic natural gas production is hedged for the remainder of 2010 at just over $6. We added modestly to our fourth quarter position since our last call, when market conditions permitted. While some of our peers have 2010 hedge positions comparable to ours, we think our 2011 positions lead the pack. We’ve got about 65% of our domestic natural gas production hedged in 2011 with a $6 floor. We think this syncs up well with our pipeline expansion backlog, the majority of which is expected to be placed in service by late 2011. Now, going forward, you should expect us to continue to prudently manage commodity price risk, to protect our balance sheet and cash flows. Let me wrap up my remarks today with just a couple of additional comments on our financing plan. In our security, $2.5 billion of funding came like a really big challenge to many when we announced our 2010 capital program back in December. But we had a good planning and then we have confidence in our ability to execute against that plan. As Doug mentioned, we reached our $2.5 billion target during the quarter. As a result, our focus immediately shifted to 2011 and the far more modest level of funding needed to meet our 2011 capital needs. In fact, the $2.7 billion of financings completed this year, we’ve got a substantial start on 2011. In addition, we may meet our 2011 needs, our focus will remain on advancing the longer-term improvement in our balance sheet.  As for the MLP, well, I think as Doug indicated, we’ll continue to grow the MLP. Recently, I met with an investor who asked me a similar, what about the MLP question this way. He said, “J.R., you’ve completed two drop-downs to the MLP this year. Are you done? Or is the peddle still to the metal?” I’ll tell you the same thing I told him. “We have not let our foot off the accelerator.” We will continue to execute our drop-down strategy, because it’s value enhancing for both El Paso and El Paso Pipeline Partners. Bottom-line, you should expect us to stay the course with EPB.  That’s my update for you this morning. We’re very pleased with the financial performance for the company so far this year, and are happy to have completed our 2010 financing plan early. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Jim, for an update on the Pipeline Group.
Jim Yardley:  Thanks J.R. The pipes had another excellent quarter. Adjusted EBIT was up 11% from second quarter 2009, after backing out the gain from the sale of our Mexican business. As J.R. said, essentially, all of this increase resulted from our expansion programs. We continued to execute well on our growth projects. We started construction on four additional projects this quarter as planned. And this is an addition to three others that are well underway, South System Expansion, FGT's Phase VIII, and the Gulf LNG Terminal. And we were successful in adding another project to our growth backlog, our third expansion out of Marcellus. As Doug said, we’ve now committed to over $1 billion of Marcellus expansions. Slide 11, shows a snapshot of our throughput, and it reflects the overall economy, weather, and changes in supply sources. Going around the horn, throughput is up a little on TGP and the Northeast, it’s up a lot in the Southeast due to a cold winter and hot summer. It’s down in the Southwest, partially due to the economy. And then, on our Rockies space, due to lower production, which has now started to recover over the last few months. Overall, these throughput changes, both up and down, had only a smaller impact on our revenues, because of the reservation charge nature of our business. Over 80% of our revenue comes from monthly reservation charges. But we are watching closely a couple of throughput items. First, on TGP, there’s been a significant change in the sourcing of supplies, proceeds from Marcellus and Rex in Ohio, together are up over 800 a day year-to-year. These receipts have displaced imports from Canada at Niagara and long-haul volumes from the Gulf Coast. So capacity utilization has declined through the middle part of TDP system. And we’re watching the impact of this on short-term volumes and rates, fuel usage, and our O&M costs. Second, our EPNG, the decline in throughput is somewhat of function of the economy in the Southwest, but it’s also a result of the increased imports into California, both from LNG arriving at Costa Azul and indirectly imports from Canada. It’s not clear one of these trends on EPNG are temporary or more long lived. But, in combination, that resulted in lower freight rates available on short-term capacity sales on EPNG. And we filed a rate case on EPNG this fall for new rates to be effective next spread. On Ruby, we’ve received FERCs and BLMs construction underway. Obviously, this is a major milestone. It results from a 2.5 year process involving a comprehensive review by BLM, FERC, and various Federal, state, and local agencies. In fact, this is one of the most extensive records we’ve seen in the new pipeline application. Hundreds of thousands of pages of comments were filed by various groups and they’re been addressed one by one. The agencies have carefully balanced stakeholder issues with a need for this important infrastructure project. Now, we’re focused on delivering Ruby on-time and on budget for the benefit of markets on the West Coast and Rockies producers. Relative to our original planning a two years ago, construction is starting two months later than planned. We’ve adjusted by adding an additional construction spread in one of the more not necessaries to complete that section before winter. So there’ll now be eight spreads working on Ruby simultaneously. And, as Doug mentioned, 5,000 workers. We’re also likely to reconfigure our spread deploying it in the western section of the Erath, also to make up some time. We’re focused on delivering Ruby for in-service next spread. On side 13, Marcellus – Marcellus continues to be a very exciting new area for us. Over 700 a day of Marcellus gas is not flowing into TGP, it’s flowing under a variety of transportation arrangements, including firm backhauls that ramp-up overtime and they’ll bring in about $60 million of annual revenue by 2012, all requiring very little new capital. And we now have in the backlog three, four, haul expansions amounting to over $1 billion of investment. These three projects are essentially all fully subscribed under long-term contracts. Construction’s underway on the first of these, the line 300 Expansion and we’re starting into the regulatory approval process on the other two. Our success in the Marcellus is obviously the result of having existing infrastructure in the area, but the magnitude of this opportunity is a pleasant surprise for us.  Turning to slide 14, we’re focused across the country on executing on our large backlog. You’re aware that we placed them service, our Elba projects on-time and on budget. In fact, the Elba Tank was placed on service July 1, a month ahead of schedule. Three more projects still in service later this year. They’re all well along now in construction at their own schedule. I’ll be very surprised that if they’re not completed at low budget. The backlog projects as a group have been significantly de-risked, while some involve Greenfield construction, some are straight-forward pipeline and looping and compression upgrades of existing systems. The pipe has been purchased for all these projects. All the construction contracts are in place. They’re either fixed price arrangements or unit priced in which the contractor varies the productivity risk or has significant productivity incentives. And, finally, in terms of de-risking, in total, the backlog is approximately 90% subscribed under long-term contracts with high-quality customers. So, in summary, the pipes had another strong quarter, and we have our heads down and are executing on our growth projects.  And now, I’ll turn it over to Brent.
Brent Smolik:  Thanks Jim. Good morning, everyone. We had another solid quarter of financial and operating results in the E&P Company. Our production increased to 788 million a day, while we kept our cash costs low at a $1.77 per Mcf equivalent. And, as I noted in our last call, we tend to run a very focused-driven program in the second half of the year, and we’re devoting capital to the programs and off with the highest returns and we’re leaving within our 2010 capital plan. So in the second half of the year, we’ll operate eight rigs in our core programs. There will be four in the Haynesville, two in the Eagle Ford, both of those would be being in the liquids rich area and two in the Altamont. I’m sure most of you are aware that the pressure pumping and the stimulation services have been tight and the costs have been going up. Last year, we had really good coordination with our frac crews and led the onsite, ready to begin the frac work soon after we finished drilling the well, and that hasn’t been the case lately. And, like others in the industry, we’ve developed a backlog of Haynesville wells that are been drilled and are awaiting on completion. In response, we’ve recently entered long-term agreements for stimulation services in all three core programs, which will help us improve our cycle time and it’ll give us costs certainty on our future drilling programs.  Internationally, we’ve drilled successful wells in Brazil and Egypt in the quarter. In Brazil, we drilled an exploration discovery with Petrobras in the ES-5 block, that’s the block where our Camarupim project is located. And we [inaudible] and we’re working with Petrobras to design a production test. Given success would ultimately tieback to the floating production facility that’s on the Camarupim production and El Paso will have a 35% working interest in the project. In Egypt, we drilled a well in the South Alamein block with SEPSA that also had very encouraging shows. We’re not currently drilling in that block, we’ll take some time off to assess our results today, and then likely begin a phase of drilling in the block later this year. Total production was up versus the second quarter of 2009, with much of the growth in the Central region, which includes our Haynesville program. That trends visible on the left side of the chart on slide 17, and on the right side, you can see that we’ve added roughly 50 million a day of production over the past three quarters, again largely from the Haynesville program.  In Q2, we continue to trend near the high-end of our full-year production guidance. So going forward, we raised our lower end of our range to 760 million a day. We maintained the high end of the target range of 780 million a day for several regions. First, we’ve factored in the production uncertainties of the Petrobras-operated Camarupim build in Brazil.  Second, we’re running two rigs in the second half of the year which is again consistent with our 2010 capital plan, but it’ll be harder to hold the current levels of production with lower activity levels. And then, finally, we’ve got more uncertainty regarding the – when the wells in our Haynesville backlog will come on line. And we expect those wells to produce in the 15 million to 20 million a day range initially, so the timing of first production on those wells really matters. Looking back, though, we had good production results in Q2 with exceptional performance from our domestic divisions. I’ll now turn to the Haynesville. And, as Doug noted, this program just continuous to exceed our expectations. On slide 18, you can see that our net production has risen by more than 100 million a day since the second quarter of 2009. We now have about 13 wells that have been drilled and are waiting on completion, so we’ve got line of sight for continued production growth, although at a lower growth rate than we’ve seen so far. Now, we continue to look for ways to mitigate our service cost that I mentioned earlier and we’ve blocked in rates for the next two years from much of our projected pressure-pumping needs. We also continue to chip away our drilling times. Our current best pace is 22 days from spud to TD. And we see a few companies that are below 30 days, but none to our knowledge that are in the 20s, so we’re definitely setting the standard for drilling performance in the play. And, maybe more important, our average well production is as good as any operator in the play. So we benefit from having a great lease hold position in the Haynesville, but our teams also have done a terrific job of continuously improving the program and delivering great results. Our Eagle Ford program continued to perform well during the quarter also. Since our last call, we’ve expanded our acreage position as Doug mentioned and has completed three very good wells. Two of the wells were in our Northern area, and both of them had very high oil content, and they both exceeded our pre-drill expectations. The map on slide 19 shows our Eagle Ford acreage relative to the dry gas and the liquids rich areas. We ran another 5,000 net acres which brings our total position to a 170,000. We’ve not included those newest lands on the map, since we’re still attempting the lease in those areas. But the new acreage is generally north of our LaSalle county position on the oilier side of the play. We’re currently completing two wells, one each in each year, and I will keep two rigs running in the liquids rich area for the remainder of the year. Although, we’ve got a smaller backlog of completions in this program, we’ve also secured long-term contract with stimulation services in the play. And, again, that’s going to give us clarity on our cost, equipment, crew availability, and it's going to shorten our cycle times.  And, as I mentioned before, we plan to further wrap up our Eagle Ford program in 2011. And, although we don’t have an approved budget yet, we have a significant inventory here to develop, and this is currently one of our most economic programs. Given higher relative oil prices, Altamont-Bluebell continues to be a very economic program also.  Slide 20 shows, how we’ve grown total net production volumes over the last three plus years. Year-to-date, we’ve averaged over 7,500 barrels a day net, and we’ve recently produced over 10,000 barrels a day on a given since we brought on some relatively high rate new completions.  Now, this is an older more mature old field, where improving execution is the name of the game. And, this year, we’ve continued to reduce drilling times and cost, and while at the same time, improving our initial producing rates. And we’ve made great strides in reducing our lifting cost here. Year-to-date LOE is almost 20% lower than the first half of 2009 and less than $0.13 a barrel or so, which is good, considering the depth of the wells and the waxy nature of the crew. Overall, we’re pleased with the success of the program. But, as we met with investors and analysts in recent months, it’s become clear that Altamont is probably the least well known and the well understood of our core capital programs. And, given that, we have over 800 locations and over a 100 million barrels of recoverable oil potential, we need to have a better job of explaining the program. So our plan is to host a conference call that’s devoted to Altamont sometime in the fall. So let me conclude by saying that, I’m really pleased with the execution of our teams. We’ve developed a deep drilling inventory and we’ve continued to focus on improving in all aspects of our operations in our capital program execution. We’re carefully allocating our capital for the programs that create the greatest value. And, although our Eagle Ford and Altamont programs don’t offer the same high equivalent gas rates as the Haynesville wells, the economics of these two programs are strong and that’s primarily due to oil prices and to a lesser degree to the higher liquids pricing. So we’ll continue to focus capital on these three core programs for the balance of the year. And, I’ll turn it back to Doug, for his final comments.
Doug Foshee: Thanks Brent. We’ve had a good first half of 2010 and we’re very confident that the second half of the year will be very bit as good. As Jim showed you our pipeline backlogs in good shape, but we can’t claim victory yet. So we’ll stay on task, so that we can deliver the balance of our growth backlog on-time and on budget. E&P delivered another good quarter. In the second half, we’ll stay focused on our three core areas, Haynesville, Eagle Ford, and Altamont, places where we had deep inventory, consisting competencies, and competitive advantages, that allow us to generate predictable results at the lower end of the cost curve. With our 2010 capital program already financed, J.R. and the rest of the finance team are staying ahead of the game and working diligently to put 2011 financing needs to bed. We’re also actively exploring ways that we can continue to improve our balance sheet and accelerate our return to investment grade and free cash flow. We think these things will continue to reward our shareholders and put us on track to achieve our longer term goals. And, now, this morning, we’re happy to open it up to your questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from Jonathan Lefebvre with Wells Fargo.
Jonathan Lefebvre – Wells Fargo :  Good morning, guys. Nice quarter.
Doug Foshee: Thank you.
Jonathan Lefebvre – Wells Fargo : In terms of the E&P side, I just wanted to talk about the cost inflation and maybe some of the tightness that you are seeing. I think last call, you said you have all the capacity you need on pipelines in Haynesville and Eagle Ford. But it sounds like you’re experiencing cost inflation. How should we be thinking about that in terms of 2011? Do you think you’ll be able to hold the line there?
Brent Smolik:  Yes, Jonathan, let’s take them stepwise. On 2010, I think what we’ll wind up seeing overall with most of the pressure coming on the rigs that are capable, we’ll drill in the horizontal wells and pressure pumping and stem side. I think we’re going to windup seeing kind of single digit, 5%, 6%, 7% increases over what we would have expected for 2010. And that, I think that’s largely because we’ve managed to front load as J.R. said, our capital program into the first half of the year before they started increasing as much, and in partly, because we’ve locked the services in longer term.  So we’ve gotten our rigs currently contracted at least till the end of this year and some in the next year. And then we’ve got stimulation contracts now for the three core programs that are two-year contracts. So they go from kind of midyear this year to midyear 2012. And so, we think we’re in pretty good shape on the things that have – that have had the most of the increases in the recent run.
Jonathan Lefebvre – Wells Fargo : Great. I appreciate that. And then, in terms of the Haynesville backlog 13 wells, do you think you’ll have those all on line by the end of the year? And what was in your kind of current – your original plan or budget for number of wells there?
Brent Smolik:  Yes, we’ll probably exit at the end of the year close to that. The new stimulation contract kicks in this next month and so we’ll ramp up completions between now and yearend, could be as low as six, seven, eight, that will have an inventories we start to catch up on the backlog. It will never be zero. Remember, we can’t – we’ll always have with four rigs running, four, five will be a normal backload. So if we exit the year, seven, eight – six, seven, eight something like that, we’ll be in great shape.
Jonathan Lefebvre – Wells Fargo : Great. And then, just in terms of Brazil, on the Pinauna project, can you give us some maybe updated thoughts on what you’re thinking there?
Brent Smolik: It’s really no change in what we’re thinking. The biggest obstacle that we’ve been working through is working to try to solve is the environmental permit. Remember, that’s an oil project, and it’s offshore. And I think the whole world is every place that has offshore oil production is – the tension level is a little higher right now. So it’s the same permitting process we’ve been working through. It’s just a little bit more higher, a little bit more cautioned in the approval process that we’re working through now.
Jonathan Lefebvre – Wells Fargo : And do you think you might make a decision to move forward on that this year?
Brent Smolik: It all depends on the permit. I mean, we’d hope to have in hand by yearend and we’ve talked about that publicly before. And that feels a little harder now with – as the world reacts to what’s going on in Gulf.
Jonathan Lefebvre – Wells Fargo : Got you. And then, just finally on the MLP, you talk about accelerating the drop-downs, I’ll commend you there, you’ve done a great job. Longer-term, when you do think you start maybe easing up on the accelerator?
Brent Smolik: I think there is certainly nothing that we see on the horizon that would cause us to want slow the rate of growth in the MLP. Now, MLP markets could change. A lot of things can change about that. But looking at the market as we see it now and particularly given the size of our interstate natural gas pipeline asset base remaining in the company, I think we see growing into MLP for the foreseeable future.
Jonathan Lefebvre – Wells Fargo : Okay. I appreciate the comments. Thanks.
Brent Smolik:  Yes, thanks John.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Xin Liu with JPMorgan.
Xin Liu – JPMorgan:  Good morning, guys.
Doug Foshee: Good morning.
Xin Liu – JPMorgan: Can you give us an update on your drilling and completion costs in the Haynesville?
Brent Smolik:  Yes, this is Brent again. We’ve gotten those wells down to where there were averaging, that’s an $8 million per well. And, today, we’re probably seeing something like 8.5 on average. So we’re seeing an increase. We’re just not seeing anything near like the levels of increases we're hearing others talk about.  And I think it goes back to – we’ve optimized the drilling program and we’re drilling them as faster than anybody out there which helps. And then, I think we’ve optimized the completion designs on them and worked hard on getting our contracts fixed on the cost side. So I think we’re advantaged in that – we’re at that kind of $8.5 million level.
Xin Liu – JPMorgan: And for your – for the service contract, what kind of rig count do you sort of bake in in terms of to sustain those contracts both in Haynesville and Eagle Ford?
Brent Smolik: What kind of lead times on the equipment?
Jim Yardley:  No, what kind of rigs –
Xin Liu – JPMorgan: Rig count.
Jim Yardley:  Rig count.
Brent Smolik: Rig count, so right now, we’ve got eight rigs under contract. Most of them, all of them, through the end of the year, some of them dribbling in the next year.
Xin Liu – JPMorgan:  But in terms of the service contract, you entered the two-year service contract. How many rigs does the contract support?
Brent Smolik: The Haynesville contracts, we’ll be able to keep up with four and five rig program, depending on how fast you drill the wells, but you should comfortably keep up with four to five rig program.  In the Eagle Ford, we’ll be able to keep up with the two to four rig program, again depending on how many fracs per well and how fast we drill them. And then, on the Altamont field in Utah, we’ll be able to keep up with three rigs. And so the next – generally those rig levels that we’ve been at this year is kind of high low is where we structure them for the next two years for the stimulation services.
Xin Liu – JPMorgan:  Okay. In the Altamont, who is the nearby operators there? And have you seen activity picking up there in costs, inflation?
Brent Smolik: And, if you look basin-wide in the larger geographic area, New Field and us would be the biggest operators. But if you look in the Altamont-Bluebell field proper, we’re about far the largest operator and have the most undrilled locations and the most activity there. And remember we’ve done a couple of acquisitions, we’ve bought Forest interest out and we bought Flying J interest out, so we continue to consolidate the Altamont-Bluebell field proper, and we’re by far the biggest operator.
Xin Liu – JPMorgan: Thank you.
Brent Smolik:  Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Carl Kirst with BMO.
Carl Kirst – BMO: Thank you. Good morning, everybody, and a nice quarter as well. Brent, appreciate all the added color here on Altamont. I know one thing at least earlier in the year we were still trying to figure out what the optimal completion was as we were going to go to single stage to multistage frac, et cetera. Where are we in that process? And how much more sort of science is there to kind of get to that optimal cracking of the code so to speak?
Brent Smolik:  Well, it gets easier with higher oil prices, Carl. So right now the current approach we’re using is fracking most of the interval in multiple stages, multiple relatively small stages and the co-mingling the entire vertical section. And I think it looks like – that to me it looks like we’ve kind of optimized it today.  What we were trying to do last year just to tieback was we were trying to target, we’re working from the bottom up, the highest productivity zones, and it’s hard to tell. There’s such a fixed stack here of such rated rock that it’s hard to tell we’re the best, where the best zones are. And so, we found that it’s better off just to frac it all and co-mingle with all in the section.
Carl Kirst – BMO: Great. And so now that we've kind of hit the optimal completion and risk of perhaps front running here, the fall call, what do you see as the average D&C cost and perhaps now the incremental IRR at $80 oil on the Altamont well.
Brent Smolik:  Well, why don’t we hold that for the call, Carl. 
Carl Kirst – BMO: Okay.
Brent Smolik: I think there was going to be a lot of good information, we’ll go through the total resource to all the inventory future wells and update everybody on that project returns. But they’re some of the best in the portfolio right now. At $80 – we’re running our economics at $70 flat and they’re still at that level, some of the best in the program, and we’re getting returns that are north of 20% with that $70 oil price.
Carl Kirst – BMO: Okay, fair enough. Jim, if I could, there was a mention of possibly of some of the future projects coming in under budget and I apologize if you said this in your prepared remarks. But I was trying to get better color on what you're seeing there and how we should be thinking about that in terms of potential?
Jim Yardley: So, I think the simple answer to that is that each of those three projects that I’ve cited, the estimates quite frankly were put together during a pretty heavy period, as you recall when pipe prices were very and construction costs were going through the roof. And as things have unfolded, I think that we probably just had a little bit too much conservatism in our estimates. So it’s not one thing, we’re seeing it both in terms of the hardware as well as the construction cost themselves.
Carl Kirst – BMO:  Should we think of – be thinking of that in terms of low single digit as far as potential cost savings or something more material?
Jim Yardley:  It’s probably little bit too early to go there. But we’ll have more reported down the road. These will come in during the fourth quarter.
Carl Kirst – BMO: Great, appreciate it. And then, last question if I could. And, Doug and J.R., I really appreciate your comments on doing things to kind of keep everything on track from a balance sheet standpoint, accelerating getting back to investment grade. Clearly, as we're looking to the future MLPs, it's just a matter of time, knock on wood, before we do the next one. That point's going to close out your free cash flow funding needs for 2011. As we look at the three things sort of on deck whether that is paying down some of the debt that matures here in 2011, potential, more meaningful dividend coming back, or simply increasing the CapEx depending on the projects in front of you at the time. And, understanding it's impossible to answer with specificity here, but is there any color right now as you see it with the preference of the next one or next even two MLP drops?
Doug Foshee:  Well, a couple of things, Carl. First off, remember, we're not free cash positive in ’11. And so, while we have a good head start on funding our 2011 capital needs, we still have a ways to go. Second thing, I’d say is, we feel like we’ve put a stake in the ground with regard to free cash flow in 2012 and we still intend to generate significant positive free cash in 2012.  Now to the extent that something gets ahead of our plans, either a more robust MLP markets that allow us to do more in the way of drops going forward or outperformance by one of the two hopefully seemed to be three business units, then that’s a high-quality problem to have. I think as we sit here to day, we are – as you could tell from our comments really focused on continuing to improve our balance sheet and getting back to investment grade. What that means, if we get significantly ahead of our own plans down the road remains to be seen, but I think you can – you could say that we’re likely to be fairly conservative.
Carl Kirst – BMO: Great. Thanks for the comments and best of luck. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brother Investors. 
Craig Shere – Tuohy Brother Investors: Hi, good quarter.
Doug Foshee: Thanks Craig.
Craig Shere – Tuohy Brother Investors: With regards to the third leg of the stool here with Midstream that you'll be looking to get back into, to Doug's comments about that any announcement there would not cause you all to back off your 2012 free cash flow guidance, can you comment about third-party financing options for any kind of Midstream efforts and if we should kind of especially in the Eagle Ford TGP area, as more driving equity returns from leveraging E&P in pipes rather than equity returns from the third leg of the stool itself, the Midstream?
Doug Foshee:  Let me answer the second part of that first. I think I would not characterize that strategy as the way you expressed the second part. We – what we look to do with the Midstream is have a Midstream that takes advantage of existing core competencies that delivers very good risk adjusted rates of return that exceed our cost of capital.  And then, if we can marry that with some synergy to some other physical asset that we currently own whether it’s in Brent’s business or in Jim’s pipeline business, then we’ve created in effect the tri factor, right? We’ve got a good standalone project, analyzed and underwritten based off on its standalone returns, and we’ve done something good for the enterprise whether that means get – moving gas to an El Paso pipeline that might not otherwise have gotten there or helping E&P with its – control its ability to move its volumes from a new play. Those are the kinds of things we’re looking at.
Craig Shere – Tuohy Brother Investors: But I guess the question is how do we move the needle much in terms of equity returns directly off Midstream if we don't invest equity capital?
Doug Foshee:  I don’t think we haven’t said we’re not willing to invest in Midstream. What we’ve said is, we’re not willing to allow our entry in Midstream to move us off of generating significant free cash flow in 2012, and right now, we don’t see those as mutually exclusive.
Craig Shere – Tuohy Brother Investors: Understood. If I could just return real quick to the Brazilian Tenawana [ph] play, I understand that the environmental issues and the whole BP thing might be putting off the final approvals for that. But can you all speak to the reserve potential and interest in just monetizing this play once approvals come in rather than building it out?
Brent Smolik:  The reserve potential hasn't changed. So the numbers that we shared with you back in December at the Analyst Day are still exactly the same. And then, in terms of selling it, we’ve talked publicly before about the willingness to take on a partner and we would consider and looking across to Doug, that we would consider exiting for the right deal and the right opportunity. But I think the critical path for either of those decisions still goes through the environmental permit. And so, with far more likely to entice somebody, if we go down that path after we figure out the regulatory environmental approval at hand. So that’s where –
Doug Foshee:  At a value that we find acceptable.
Brent Smolik: Yes, so that’s the approach we’ve been taking. And it’s really the same approach we’ve been on for the last year or so, and we’re just going to continue down that path, and eventually we’ll get a permit that allows to get started. And I’m linked, I referenced to the Gulf deal, just because it’s offshore.  Remember, this project is shallow water. We’re only in about a 100 feet of water with this project. And all of the surface, all the well controls, and everything is above surface. So it’s much more like a Gulf of Mexico shelf well, than it is like a deepwater well. But it’s still – it’s just a – it’s a heightened caution out there.
Craig Shere – Tuohy Brother Investors: Sure. Last question. If you are able to sell at a respectable evaluation, Tenawana once you have the approvals in hand, and you do, I don't know, let’s say another six dropdowns by the end of next year, shouldn't we be thinking about a material acceleration of the goal of 2012 investment-grade metrics?
Doug Foshee: Sure. That means, if we’re able to – we’re constantly looking for ways to do that. So if we get materially ahead of our own internal plans or cash flow generation or cash generation, either from some sort of an assets now related to the MLP or something else, then, yes, that would accelerate our goal of getting back to investment-grade metrics.
Craig Shere – Tuohy Brother Investors:  Okay, thanks a lot.
Doug Foshee:  Yes.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Kevin Smith with Raymond James.
Kevin Smith – Raymond James: Hi, good morning, gentlemen.
Doug Foshee: Good morning.
Kevin Smith – Raymond James: Just a question. It looks like you're dropping a rig in Altamont, is that correct? You're going from three to two – I don't know exactly when you did it.
Brent Smolik:  Yes, we did it, right at the end of the quarter. And, yes, we more than anything else that we picked at least worst performing of the three rigs and worked it out of the inventory, and then we’ll be back, we’re back in the market looking to add a rig back to the program. It does fit well with our capital, October capital that remains and for the full year. But more than anything else, it was the worst performing rig.
Kevin Smith – Raymond James: Okay. So it didn't have anything to do with the rate of returns in the play other than just rig performance?
Brent Smolik:  Don’t – we don’t want to signal anything that – that’s one of our top three performing capital programs especially at current oil prices.
Kevin Smith – Raymond James: Fair enough. And then, another question on Ruby's initial capacity; I know there was talk for a while of whether you were going to add the compressors to get to 1.5 or stay at guess around the 1.3 level for initial capacity. Where do we stand on that?
Jim Yardley:  We have – we’re committing to put in the 1.5.
Kevin Smith – Raymond James: Okay. So full – all the compressors will be operational on day one?
Brent Smolik:  Yes.
Jim Yardley: Yes.
Kevin Smith – Raymond James: Okay, perfect. And then the other question, last question. You mentioned obviously you picked up acreage in the Eagle Ford in the oilier section of the play. Do you have a preference on which window you prefer to be in and which one you think was going to drive the best economic rate of returns?
Doug Foshee:  Today, it looks like more oil is better than less oil. And that can swing if we get back, the gas projects look like they’re kind of marginally economic to us and that’s why you’ve only seen us today three wells that are kind of pilot testing and data gathering this year.  But it doesn’t take much higher gas prices and we’ve got a nice options for a big inventory of development there. So what our plan is we’ll take those three pilot wells and everybody else’s industry data and we’ll assess the gas window, we’ll focus to the rest of the year and beginning of next year on the oilier side.
Kevin Smith – Raymond James: Okay. Is the acreage cost significantly different between the three plays or the three windows?
Doug Foshee:  The acreage cost, it varies some. I think we're at that point in the leasing cycle when we're getting later. And so it's as you do in that, the cleaning up the last acreage is always a little bit more expensive than the early days. And so that’s a little more expensive, but that’s true on both sides of the trend.
Kevin Smith – Raymond James: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ella Bjornik with RBC Capital Markets. 
Ella Bjornik – RBC Capital Markets: Good morning. Going back to your guidance increase for the year, I know you've touched throughout the prepared remarks on areas of strength across the business. Could you just for sort of explicit detail give a little bit more clarity on – in addition to narrowing the production guidance what other areas of the business you're seeing better than expected performance driving that increase? 
J.R. Sult:  Again, what we did today was two things. We – as you have indicated, we brought up the bottom end of the guidance for production volumes based on what we’ve seen today in terms of first and second quarters.  And, two, as a result of our overall earnings performance, if we go back and look at our first quarter performance relative to our plan, as well as the second quarter performance, we clearly indicated to you everyone at our first quarter call that we were at the top end of that guidance.  Well, in terms of the E&P results, improve production, lower cash costs, and as well as the pipes, the pipelines as well. So we just felt that was prudent to ultimately really more bring up the bottom up end of that guidance from an EPS standpoint and show where we think we made ultimately shakeout for the year.
Doug Foshee:  And, I’ll just the – the one other thing which really I would say cuts across both business units and at the corporate level. And that is, we had some pretty aggressive cost reduction targets that we began to implement in the second half of 2009. And through the first half of this year, we’ve gotten at or better than project cost control, and we think we’ll hold out for the balance of the year.
Ella Bjornik – RBC Capital Markets: Great, thank you very much.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Faisel Khan with Citigroup.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Good morning. 
Doug Foshee: Good morning.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: I just have one question. On the liquids volumes that you guys are getting out of the Eagle Ford, do you have an idea yet of what that composition of that liquids barrel is, is it mostly condensate or ethane or propane or something else?
Brent Smolik: Faisel, this is Brent. What we produce in the field is largely oil or condensate. And so the volumes, if you go back to the what we released on the last couple of wells were close to 600 barrels a day, kind of wells on the test rate. The liquids it will give from processing the gas downstream is about half of it methane and about half of it is the other liquids products, propane, butane, isobutane, products that we get. So, we kind of think about it that way.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Okay, got you. When you guys report the liquids number, it's a – there's a condensate and an oil part of that. That's all part of that barrel. And then the rest, when you process the gas, you're getting an ethane and propane stream separately?
Brent Smolik:  Right.
Doug Foshee:  Exactly.
Brent Smolik: That’s right.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Got you.
Brent Smolik:  And I think we don’t have it on this call, but on the last call, we showed kind of the impact if you convert it all that to gas, so you can see kind of the relative impact on the revenue side from each of those components between the difference a 1000 Btu gas and 1,350 Btu gas for the NGLs, and then the incremental benefit from the content barrel.
Doug Foshee:  And we’ll try to be consistent in all our disclosures as Faisel did. If we call it crude, it’s crude and condensate. If we call it natural gas liquids, that’s where all the processed liquids show up.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Okay, great. Thanks for the detail. I appreciate it.
Doug Foshee:  Yes, thank you.
Operator:  At this time, there are no further questions. Gentlemen, do you have any closing remarks.
Doug Foshee:  Well, great. Thank you for attending the call this morning.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Bruce Connery – VP, Investor and Public Relations Doug Foshee – Chairman, President and CEO J.R. Sult – SVP and CFO Jim Yardley – EVP and President, Pipeline Group Brent Smolik – EVP and President, El Paso E&P Company
Analysts: Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Craig Scherer – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research Rick Gross – Barclays Capital Ted Durban – Goldman Sachs Becca Followill – Tudor Pickering and Holt Jonathan Lefebvre – Wells Fargo
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tina, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the El Paso Corporation first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Connery, Vice President of Investor and Media Relations. Mr. Connery, you may begin your conference.
Bruce Connery: Good morning and thank you for joining our call. In just a moment I’ll turn the call over to Doug Foshee, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of El Paso. Others with us this morning who will be participating in the call are J.R. Sult, our CFO; Jim Yardley, Chairman of the Pipeline Group; and Brent Smolik, President of El Paso Exploration and Production Company. Throughout this call we will be referring to slides that are available on our website at elpaso.com. This morning, we issued a press release and we are filing it with the SEC as an 8-K and it’s also on our website. Please note that we have a financial and operating reporting package in the supporting materials of the webcast details located in the investor section on our website that includes GAAP financial statements and non-GAAP reconciliations. If you have not done so, please download this package so that you have all relevant financial information available. During this call, we will include certain forward-looking statements and projections. The company has made every reasonable effort to ensure that the information and assumptions on which these statements and projections are based are current, reasonable and complete. However, a variety of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the statements and projections expressed in this call. Those factors are identified under cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statement section of our earnings press release as well as in other filings with the SEC and you should refer to them. The company assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements made during this conference call or any other forward-looking statements made by the company, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. And now I will turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Foshee: Thanks, Bruce and good morning. Back in December at our Analyst Day we laid out a multiyear view of El Paso along with metrics and milestones which in many ways the investment thesis for our stock. We have assembled what we believe is an enviable portfolio of growth projects; in the pipes those projects helped build on the nation’s premier interstate natural gas pipeline system providing long term and very visible future earnings growth. At E&P, we have repositioned our asset base to have a much deeper inventory of predominantly onshore opportunities that are competitive at much lower commodity prices. And across the company we have cut cost and improved our processes, thereby improving our returns in a way that we think is sustainable. The keys to our plan are execution, funding growth capital, particularly in 2010, and continuing to improve balance sheet. In the execution bucket, we intend to bring our industry leading pipeline backlog in on time and on budget. We also need to demonstrate that last year’s performance in E&P was no fluke and that we can sustain first quartile operating performance and returns. In particular in this area, we need to continue to show progress in the Haynesville and Altamont and begin to move our Eagle Ford position into full development to prove up the value of this early entry position in one of the best North American unconventional plays and we need to continue to prudently build our opportunity set in the pipes and E&P and then our nascent midstream business. In the funding growth capital bucket, we intend to ensure that we can successfully fund over $4 billion in CapEx in 2010 as spending on the pipeline backlog peaks and maintain strong liquidity during this period of historically high CapEx. In the improving the balance sheet bucket, we plan to get to free cash positives certainly by 2012 as CapEx peaks this year and then declines in the 2011 and the full impact of that growth capital begins to show in earnings and cash flow moving into 2012. This morning we will show you that we have gotten a lot done on all of these fronts during the first quarter. First, on balance, we had a great quarter. Earnings was $0.51 a share reported or $0.33 a share on an adjusted basis puts us off to a great start on our 2010 goals. On the execution front, we moved a big step closer to starting construction on Ruby with the receipt of our FERC certificate. Jim will update you further on this important project later. We put two projects in service in the quarter, Elba Island and the Elba Express pipeline. Total capital on the two was $900 million and they were both on time and on budget. We also started construction on two new expansions and expect to start construction a third soon. In all cases, those projects remain on and on budget. And finally in the pipes, we now have a billion dollars in growth projects in the Marcellus with line 300 and the northeast upgrade both on TGP. So we continue to take advantage of our incumbent position in key areas. Still on the execution front but in E&P, we had a great kickoff in 2010. Production was up $40 million a day from the fourth quarter and cash costs were down 6% versus Q1 ‘09 at $1.88. The Haynesville paced our activity for the quarter with gross volumes hitting a 180 million a day and made continued progress in the Eagle Ford adding our first successful well in the liquids rich portion of the play and adding to our acreage position during the quarter. Finally on the execution front, we remain on track to achieve our overall cost reduction goal baked into our guidance for the year of $150 million. On the funding and balance sheet fronts, we completed three key objectives during the quarter. The Mexican asset sale, which we highlighted earlier, closed adding $300 million to the (inaudible) and achieving our goal for 2010 for asset sales. Second and more importantly, we closed the project financing for Ruby yesterday ensuring the funding of this key project at very favorable rates and on very favorable terms, a testament to the strength of the project as well as the strength of our finance and pipeline teams. And finally we completed our largest dropdown to El Paso Pipeline Partners, our MLP during the quarter with the sale of 51% interest in the Elba Island LNG terminal and the Elba Express pipeline. This transaction generated roughly $660 million in cash to El Paso and was a real win-win for the EPB unit holders and the EP shareholders. With these three key objectives reached, we have essentially assured our funding for 2010 as J.R. will explain in more detail later, improving our balance sheet and keeping liquidity very strong at $2.7 billion. This strong performance across the board means that we are trending towards the high-end of our guidance range in virtually every category, earnings, cash flow, costs and E&P volumes. All in all, a great start to the year and now I will turn it over to J.R., Jim, and Brent and I will come back at the end to wrap up. J.R.?
J.R. Sult: Thanks, Doug and good morning. Since our last call in early March, we have continued to make significant progress on our 2010 financing plan and I am extremely pleased to report that we have essentially met our funding requirements for all of 2010 in the first four months of the year. I will spend most of my time this morning reviewing our progress with you, but first I want to view our first quarter 2010 financial results, and I am starting on slide five titled 2010 first quarter financial results. As Doug indicated, adjusted diluted earnings per share for the quarter was $0.33 reflecting strong performances in both pipelines and E&P. solid pipeline earnings driven by expansions, strong production volumes and lower cash operating cost at E&P and a lower effective tax rate contributed to our first quarter performance. Not surprisingly current quarter results are lower than a year ago. First quarter of 2009 benefited from higher average realized commodity prices including the impact of our hedge position. As you will recall, we had a $9.04 of a significant portion of our 2009 natural gas production. In addition, you will recall that we monetized our $110 per barrel oil swaps last year. Adjusted EPS for the prior quarter included $0.12 per share or $149 million attributable to swaps for the second, third, fourth quarters of 2009. So in total last year’s quarter benefited by about $0.25 a share or $300 million from higher realized commodity prices included the oil swaps and other derivate settlements. Our GAPP reported diluted earnings for the first quarter of 2010 was $0.51 per share. A summary of these adjustments and a reconciliation to our reported earnings are included in our financial and operational reporting package on our website. The items impacting the first quarter included the impact of our (E&P) hedges, certain legacy matters and the tax impact of the healthcare legislation. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 31%, which is lower than the statutory rate due primarily to an increase in income attributable to non-taxable, non-controlling interest. This was partially offset by an $18 million deferred tax charge from the healthcare legislation enacted in March of this year, which includes a provision (inaudible) to deductibility of certain retiree prescription drug expenses. With the exception of the impact of the healthcare legislation, the effective rate is consistent with the rate we assumed in our 2010 guidance shared with you back in December. In the pipeline growth for adjusted EBIT increased 6% to $421 million for the quarter, driven largely by the impact of expansion projects. Adjusted EBITDA for the pipes was just over $525 million. In E&P adjusted EBIT of $189 million declined from year ago due to lower average prices I mentioned earlier but also due to decline in revenues for lower cash operating cost and DD&A. Adjusted EBITDA for E&P was nearly $300 million for the quarter. We have also included for your reference in the reporting package our adjusted pro rate EBITDA results, including our share of Citrus and Four Star. Turning to slide six, which shows our cash flow from operations and capital expenditures for the quarter, cash flow from ops for the quarter was $570 million reflecting the support of our hedge program, or a substantial portion of our first quarter domestic natural gas production was hedged at a price north of $6. As expected, operating cash flow in 2010 was below last year’s level again driven primarily by lower average commodity prices including our hedges. As far as capital is concerned, our 2010 plan remains on target. Pipeline capital was up in ‘10 consistent with the anticipated spending levels for the development of the backlog. As you will recall, 2010 is the peak spending year associated with the construction of the backlog with our Ruby pipeline project accounting for a significant portion of current year activity. E&P capital on the other hand is lower in 2010 reflecting higher rig activity and service cost as we entered 2009. The 2010 capital spend levels reflect some frontend loading of our more traditional programs as Brent will discuss later in the call. Total liquidity on April 30th stood at $2.7 billion exclusive of cash and credit facility capacity at both EPB and Ruby. Turning now to slide seven, I am sure most of you have seen the press release that we issued yesterday announcing the closing of the Ruby project financing. The second year $1.5 billion debt facility is supported by the (inaudible) the traditional pipe project financing loan based on LIBOR plus of spread. Ruby’s borrowing rate is LIBOR plus 300 basis points for the first two years, LIBOR plus 325 for the third and fourth years and LIBOR plus 375 for the fifth through to seventh years. The spread beginning in year five assumes that we have refinanced the portion of the debt prior to that day. Earlier today Ruby entered into forward swap agreements to fix at least 75% of the floating LIBOR interest rate beginning in June 2011 and extending through the maturity of the bank facility. Based on the swap rates and the current six month LIBOR of the unhedged portion, the weighted average rate would be approximately 6.5% excluding debt issue costs. (inaudible) the facility in total required conditions president are satisfied which includes among others receipt of the BLM right-of-way grant and the FERC final notice to proceed and Jim Yardley, will update that review in few minutes. As I mentioned in our December Analyst meeting that Ruby financing was our single largest transaction in our 2010 financing plan. I’m very pleased with the outcome and happy to have this one in the call. I’m starting on slide eight, which is a summary of a recent dropdown to El Paso Pipeline Partners. In March, we completed the sale of 51% of the entities in Elba Island LNG terminal and Elba Express Pipeline to RTB [ph]. This is our third drop down to the partnership since (inaudible) were getting started. The beauty of our MLP on the drop down strategy is that these transactions are truly win-win for both El Paso and EPB stakeholders. At El Paso we received $660 million in cash making a significant contribution for meeting our financing requirements for 2010. The transaction also further accelerates growth and the value of El Paso’s incentive distribution rights or IDRs since we continue to move higher and higher in the splits. And finally we have a greater portion of our premium pipeline franchise whose value is directly tied in the market price of EPB which carries a significantly higher and readily apparent valuation. For EPB this is a great transaction as well, to borrow on the Parkship’s assets based by adding interest in two high quality assets that are as good as gifts for MLP. We have incredibly stable cash flows with contracts that are 20 to 30 years long with subsidiaries of Shell and BG. Unit holders are also benefiting from the recent 6% increase in distribution following the acquisition and the 17% increase over the past year reflecting a success of the growth strategy driven by both organic growth and drop downs from El Paso. On slide nine, is an update of the status of our 2010 financing plans. Back at the analyst meeting we laid out the road map for funding our $4 billion capital budget. We also said at the time that we had excellent line of sight the execution of the components of our plant. With the close of the Ruby project financing, recent sale of our Mexican pipeline assets and the dropdown of the EPB with essentially met our 2010 funding requirements. Our current year needs have been achieved, we’ll continue to be opportunistic in the financial markets to remain fully committed growing in our MLP for the benefit of both El Paso and El Paso Pipeline Partners and stakeholders. We can’t predict how many more drops we’ll do in 2010 or the size, that we’re optimistic about the potential of access in the MLP capital markets to advance for the longer term improving in El Paso’s balance sheet. On slide 10, there is a summary of our 2010 and 2011 hedge position for our natural gas and oil production. With $6.33 more than roughly 70% of our domestic natural gas projection for the remainder of 2010, with those positions waited to the second and third quarter. We’re nearly fully hedged in third quarter and about 30% hedged in the fourth quarter. In 2011 about 65% of our domestic production tensed with the floor of $6 and then on the oil side we remained substantially hedged in ‘10 with an average floor price of $76. The key change from the last updated March is that we put on more oil hedges in 2011. We now have roughly 70% of our 2011 oil production hedge with an $84 floor. We’ve included our customers detail of all our hedges in the reporting package. That’s my update for you this morning. We’re very pleased with the financial performance for the Company so far this year and we populously made terrific progress on our financing plan. With that I’ll turn the call over to Jim for an update on the Pipeline Group. Jim?
Jim Yardley: Thanks J.R. The pipes were up to a solid start this year. Adjusted EBIT of $421 million is up 6% from first quarter of 2009 and the four non-controlling interest attributable to El Paso Pipeline Partners EBIT is up 11%. We’re executing very well on our growth projects. In the first quarter we placed and serviced on time and on budget both the Elba Express Pipeline and Elba expansion. As Doug, said these are large projects, total capital of $900 million and now generating revenue and they’re both fully contracted long term. On our Ruby pipeline, we received the FERC certificate and we expect to start construction in late June or early July. We also kicked up construction on the large FGT Phase VIII expansion. And finally we added a significant new growth projects to our backlog with secured commercial arrangements with shippers to move forward with another major expansion on the Marcellus. Slide 13 summarizes throughput our major pipes. Changes in throughput versus last year reflects the economy, weather and production threats. In the East, TGP market areas throughput was flat, driven mostly by pretty normal winter weather in the Northeast. While we did a meaningful change in where supplies came from, volumes have went up rapidly out of the Marcellus and also Rex [ph] in Ohio and these new supply sources displays for both Canadian imports to Niagara and some long haul volumes transported out of the Gulf Coast. Some of the Gulf Coast volumes haven’t instead been transported on short hauls to other pipes serving primarily in the Southeast. In the Southeast on SNG, throughput was very strong primarily for the record breaking cold winter weather, also industrial finance required recovered quite well from depressed levels of early 2009. On EP&G throughput decreased especially due to the continued slow economy in the Southwest. Also contributing increase of gas from California Storage, startup carters of LNG delivered the (inaudible) and increased Canadian imports in to California. Finally throughput on our Rockies pipelines increased primarily due to Rockies production levels and the start of the (inaudible). And March and April was seeing a slow increase in Rockies production from its low point at the end of 2009. So there were some swings in throughput year-to-year, but remember the throughput levels have only a small impact on our near term financials because of the nature of our business. Slide 14 summarizes where we are on Ruby. Ruby remains on budget and on schedule. We received FERC approval on April 5. In the order FERC agreed that the proposed route will have the least amount of environmental impact. We’ve been working with all stakeholders over the past two to three years to come up with the route that has the least impact and we develop the restoration plants that preserve habitats for threatened plants and animals. We now expect BLM’s approval for the right-of-way grant over Federal lands by the end of May. About 56% of Ruby’s route on Federal land. Once we receive the BLM approval and on the FERC notice of receipt we expect to start construction most lightly in late June or early July. We plan to do some staging in pipe and equipment in advance so that we can get of a fast start. As you know we’ll be utilizing seven different construction spreads from four contractors. Most of that is high desert, it’s about 120 miles and more mountainous terrain. For each spread we devoted a lot of time to detailed construction planning of the contractors. We still expect all the pipe were being a grant by yearend or shortly thereafter. We’ll then complete pipeline tie ends, do the commissioning of the compression and test the systems. With Ruby’s ongoing and service next spread. Switching gears to the Northeast, the Marcellus continues to be an exciting area for us. Marcellus production in to TGP is now over 500 a day. We affirm transportation backhaul business with Marcellus producers that will provide approximately $60 million of annual revenue by 2012. This business requires only minimal new capital. In addition, we’ve committed to a $1 billion forward haul expansion to move Appalachian and Marcellus gas to markets on a forward haul basis. Both of the projects are fully contracted under long term contracts and provides solid regulated returns. On the Line 300 expansion, we expect FERC approval soon. We’ll do some construction work later this year, but the bulk of the construction will be done in 2011 which is expected in service in November 2011. The Northeast upgrade project is a step behind and is planned to go in service in late 2013. So TGP is in the center of the Marcellus activity in Northeast Pennsylvania and this is becoming a significant and growing business for us. Finally on slide 16, as you know we have several other great projects under construction this year in addition to Ruby and Line 300. We just started construction on both SNG, South System Pre-expansion and FGT Phase VIII expansion. Both of these are primarily pipeline looping and compression expansions. Construction on Gulf LNG is well underway with the outer tank concrete work on both tanks now complete and construction will start soon on TIG’s expansion (inaudible). We just received last week our FERC certificate on that one. All these projects are on time and on budget and will start contributing revenue early in 2011. In summary, 2010 is obviously a busy execution year for us. We’ve made very good progress so far and we’re on track with all the projects in the backlog. And now I’ll turn it over to Brent.
Brent Smolik: Thank Jim and Good morning. I’m beginning on slide 18, we’re also off to a very good start to the year. Our first quarter volumes came in at the high end of our range of expectations. Much of that increase was driven by the Haynesville which continues to deliver better results in our models, while all of our operating areas performed well versus our plan in Q1. We continued to find ways to further reduce operating cost. Our first quarter per unit cash costs were favorable and we’re modestly lowering our full year cost guidance and most importantly we believe there were any solid returns on our capital programs and as I’ll show you our capital is now largely focused in three areas and all three programs are progressing nicely. We’re really excited about the Eagle Ford opportunity. We now believe that economics in the gas condensate area are even better than we anticipated. I’ll mention that Haynesville success and I’ll update you on drivers there in a few slides and the Altamonte program will continue to provide our good profitable oil option to our capital program and we’re now growing volumes in that area. Oil and condensate production contributes about 13 to 14% of our total equivalent volumes, but due to the higher, to the combination of higher oil prices and more oil production in Altamonte almost a quarter of our domestic revenues are now tied to liquids pricing versus about 15% in Q1 of ‘09 and remember in Brazil, Camarupim gas volumes are also indexed to a basket of fuel oils and also benefit from higher oil prices. On slide 19, on the left graph we show you our first quarter 2010 production compared to 2009 and we were down about 3% from a year ago. And remember we significantly shifted our capital allocation over the last year and you can see the impact to the capital shifts and year-over-year production changes. We’re not investing as much in the Gulf of Mexico or traditional South Texas areas as we have historically and you can see the expected decline in the blue bars. We’re also spending less in some of our traditional Rockies programs in our western region but we’re still managing the whole production relatively stable in the west. We’re experiencing solid growth in our Haynesville program which is showing up in the green bands in our central region. The graph on the right side of the chart maybe more importantly shows how our production has rebounded from the third quarter lows of last year as we’ve increased activity levels. As we look out the rest of this year, our production profiles should be relatively flat and I’ll show you in a few minutes our rig count were declined in the second half for the year, but we front-end loaded the drilling in our more traditional programs and much of that work is now being completed and we’ll see the production benefits through the year. For now we’re maintaining our 740 to 780 million per day guidance, with the Q1 coming at 780, we have a chance to trend near the high end of the range for the full year. Slide 20 shows the summary of our cash cost. Total cash cost for the quarter were $1.88 which is down 6% as J.R. said from $2 a year ago and the big change is from domestic LOE which came in at $0.62 per unit. We’ve been a top quartile performer for a number of years in this area but we found ways to further drive improvement in the cost. There has been some cost inflation since this time last year but you may recall that we’ve consolidated our domestic operations into one organization and we’re definitely realizing benefits from that change. And the national LOE was manageable in the first quarter of 2009, but its present to 2010 with the addition of the Camarupim volumes. Those Brazil unit cost will trend down later in the year as we bring on the fourth well in that field. Given our progress with domestic LOE and the strong start to the year, we’re reducing our range of per unit cash cost down $0.05 to $1.80 to $2.10. If you turn to slide 21, I’ll give you an update on our Haynesville program. At this time last year, we were kind of just catching up our stride in the Haynesville. Since then, we have demonstrated that our drilling and completion capabilities are as good as anyone in the play. We have recently drilled a well in 25 days from spud to rig release and that’s about three days better than our previous best well in the field. And then, while we don’t have the largest Haynesville position, we arguably have one of the best. We look at numerous production comparisons including 30-day IPs, the first three months totals, the first six month total production. In all cases, our wells compete favorably with industry averages. As an example, for the wells that have been on production for six months, the El Paso wells on average have tuned (ph) about 1.5 Bcf of production versus about 1.2 Bcf for the industry average or roughly about 30% difference. So we have got an advantaged acreage position and we are doing a good job of drilling and completing their wells. The only negative news in the Haynesville is the stimulation cost were up about 10% since the beginning of the year and we continue to experience upward cost pressure in the field. We have gotten our – we had gotten our average completed well cost down to about $7.5 million and today that cost is more like $8 million to $9 million for well. And I believe this is part of why you have heard a number of operators discuss reductions in their Haynesville activity levels. We have not made a decision yet to reduce activity, but there is a logical limit to high service cost and low natural gas prices and we are getting close. The good news for the quarter is that both our non-Holly and our Holly wells continue to perform as good or better than the models that we shared with you in New York in December, which again has contributed to domestic production running at the high-end of our expectations. Slide 22, there is a 15-month history of our gross operated Haynesville production. A year-ago, we were around about 30 million a day. In the first quarter of 2010, we averaged above a 170 million a day, and we currently have eight wells waiting on completion. So we expect to produce a 180 million to 200 million a day during the second quarter. And remember that our net volumes here are roughly 70% to 75% of that gross total. Now, if you turn to slide 23, I will give you an Eagle Ford update. When we had our fourth quarter call, our second well which is in the gas condensate area, it hadn’t been completed or tested. We announced the IP rate a few weeks later and it’s a nice well. It tested about 2.9 million a day of gas and 721 barrels of condensate per day. Now the headline, 7.2 million a day equivalent volume is less impressive than Haynesville gas rates. But the liquids content of this well significantly improves the economics of the area. We had a second gas rig in the Eagle Ford program in March, and we are now drilling our third well in the gas condensate area, and we will continue to develop that part of the play. We are also completing our second well in the dry gas area and assuming $4 net back gas well (ph). This area is not as strong as the gas condensate area. But when prices do turn, this is going to be a really good program for us. We will probably drill another well or two this year to continue the pilot tested to test this part of the play. A key issue for the Eagle Ford is takeaway in processing capacity. And as you know, there is a lot of companies floating potential infrastructure projects. We are looking at a number of those options and we are also working on some ideas internally that could favor Tennessee Gas Pipeline. And we don’t have anything to announce yet, but we plan to get ahead of our takeaway capacity needs here just as we did in the Haynesville. We continued to acquire additional acreage in the gas condensate part of the play and we now have closer to a 150,000 net acres overall with about 80,000 acres of the leases in the gas condensate area. On slide 24, there is a chart showing some comparative data between the two areas in our first four wells. The first thing I would point to is the difference in the Btu content of the gas between the Briscoe (inaudible) that’s the southern dry gas area and the Hickson (ph) 1H that’s the northern gas condensate area. And you can see that’s a 970 Btu versus 1368. And also note, the condensate is 731 barrels per day on the Hickson. And I will show you the impact of those liquids on the world economics in the next slide. And then, finally, our most recent wells – in our most recent well, we drilled a 5,000 foot lateral and we plan to complete this well with an 18-stage frac as we continue to optimize the drilling and completion designs in the play. Slide 25 shows the economic impact of the liquids on the returns in the Eagle Ford economics. As I mentioned a moment ago, there is a big difference between the Btu content of the two areas and a $4 net back gas world, the natural gas liquid content improves the value of an Mcf of gas to north of $7. And if you include an average of about a 150 barrels of condensate production per million of gas and note that our initial rate on the Hickson well was at a much higher condensate rate, it was more like 250 barrels per million. But if you assume that 150 barrels per million and you assume $80 oil price, we would add another $8 of value for every Mcf we produce. And the text box at the bottom gives an indication of the returns for dry gas well and a condensate well at $4 and $80 price assumption. And the takeaway is gas pricing, we would expect sort of breakeven returns in the dry gas area and very attractive economics in the gas condensate area, which is why we are rapidly moving into development mode and while this area has quickly become a core program for us. Now slide 26, I will give you a quick update on our two international programs. Our Camarupim project has three wells producing about a $130 million to $140 million a day of gross production, so that’s about $30 million to $35 million a day net to El Paso and the fourth well is still expected to be on stream in the fourth quarter. We have adjusted full-year international guidance down by 10 million a day to 35 million to 45 million a day, while keeping the total company range unchanged. In the ES-5 block, we and our partners Petrobras are drilling an exploratory cast on our VISY (ph) project. And this is a look-like prospect to Camarupim and it would be tied back to the Camarupim production facility. Note, there were also drilling that inside the ES-5 block, so we have a 35% working interest in that project versus the 24% unitized interest we have in the Camarupim field. We continue to make progress in Egypt with current activity in each of our three blocks. In South Alamein block, we are drilling our fifth well with the operator SEPSA and EP operated South Mariut Block, we have begun acquisition of 3D – of the second phase of 3D seismic, and in the RWE operated Tanta block, we are evaluating seismic and we will decide jointly whether or not we will drill a well later this year. And finally, slide 27 provides the snapshot of our drilling program for the year as you can see we front loaded our 2010 rig schedule to some of our more traditional programs. And we did this, because we feared the service cost were headed higher and we wanted to ensure the economics of these wells. We will soon be down to eight to 10 rigs, that will be four to five in the Haynesville, two to three in Altamont, and one to two in the Eagle Ford. And these are our most profitable and most liquidous programs, so that will be the focus of our capital program for the remainder of the year. We are going to be pretty fluid between now and yearend if gas prices remain soft and service companies keep trying to increase cost, then we may drop a couple of those rigs and be closer to eight. We will be disciplined about the capital spending in the current environment and we will allocate capital to the programs with the greatest value creation and return potential just as we did last year, and we will do the same thing this year as well. So that’s it for E&P. We excited 2009 with a lot of positive momentum and we haven’t skipped a beat so far this year. With that, I will turn the call back to Doug for closing comments.
Doug Foshee: Thanks Brent. I hope you see from our results that our businesses are really hitting on all cylinders so far this year. The pipelines continue to exit well on their growth projects, putting close to a $1 billion in service during the quarter on-time and on-budget, starting construction on two projects and receiving approval to start on a third. We moved the ball down the field on Ruby toward a summer start to construction and we continued to add to the backlog in the Marcellus. E&P continues to perform very well both on the volume and cost fronts and we continued to add to our position in the Eagle Ford during the quarter, and we made significant progress on the balance sheet with the Mexican asset closing, another MLP drop, and the closing of the Ruby project financing. As we look to the second half of 2010, we continue to monitor gas prices and oil field services cost closely. We are largely shielded from gas price issues, given the relative stability of our pipeline cash flows and significant hedging in E&P, all the way through 2011. In addition, most of our acreage in E&P is held by production, so we have very little need to drill the hole in 2010. So our efforts are to make sure that we maximize returns by allocating capital to the best areas, given the combination of acreage position, commodity pricing, and costs. You see from Brent’s presentation that we now plan to focus virtually all of our second half capital on our three most profitable areas, Altamont and Eagle Ford given their liquids content, and Haynesville given our preferred position there. We are currently planning to cut overall capital relative to our original guidance, which was basically already flat to last year. But we have begun to reallocate where it makes sense. And we don’t factor our hedges into any incremental capital decisions. Those hedges are there to ensure our cash flows not to justify drilling. As the rest of industry, we are also very concerned about recent upticks in some service costs, particularly in this natural gas price environment, and we are prepared to cut back if those costs aren’t in line with the reality of the current gas price environment. Finally, as I have discussed at the beginning of the call, the strong start to the year has us trending toward the high end of our guidance range is virtually across the board. So we will be working to sustain that in the balance of the year. With that, we will open it up to your questions this morning. And let me ask – let me start by requesting that you limit yourself to a couple of questions, so we can accommodate everybody that’s in the queue. Operator, we are ready to start with questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital: Hi, good morning, everybody, and a great start to the year. An E&P and a pipeline question, if I could. First on the E&P, really Brazil and – and actually Brent, can I ask you to – you said the international was down 10 million a day, I didn’t catch why that was happening?
Brent Smolik: That’s just mostly the – we have had some up downtime at the Camarupim project due to – in their summer months, there was little less demand and so as the project has been up and down a little. So we adjusted a two, one actuals and then sort of planned on a little bit more that going forward, and then we pushed the fourth well, kind of late in the fourth quarter.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital: Okay. So –
Brent Smolik: We (inaudible) it’s in there, so everything is kind of on track and we will just anchor in what we have learned in the first quarter.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital: Okay. So that’s not the subsea bolt issue, that’s just the – I guess the natural flow you might say, okay.
Brent Smolik: We have all of that behind us, Carl.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital: Great. The actual question I wanted to ask on Brazil really was on Tijuana and understanding these are very much apples and oranges here. But just given Tijuana is offshore and a very environmentally sensitive area, has there been any discussion between El Paso and Elba (ph) over the last two weeks that has raised the BP issue?
Doug Foshee: No, and a lot of discussion with them ongoing normally and I think we are on track to get to the point of we will get to a public comment period here pretty soon. And then once we get through that, we will be looking for the next phase permanent to be released, but no, not related to the Gulf of Mexico.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital: Great. And then, Jim, if I could on the pipeline summit – I am sorry.
Doug Foshee: And Carl, to clarify, these are very different. This about a 100 feet of water and it’s going to be drilled from well controlled equipment that’s up on the surface.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital: No, absolutely. Just given the high-profile nature, I just wanted to make sure and asked. Jim, the one question with SNG’s volume coming down and I understand you go from time-to-time the rate cases at SNG, so it may not be an earnings issue per se. But when Ruby comes on line, are you expecting to see some potential cannibalization of those volumes?
Jim Yardley: You did mean SNG.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital: I am sorry EPNG. I apologize, thank you.
Jim Yardley: Really, the – if you sort through it all, the economy in the southwest and (inaudible) in California, it doesn’t helping us here at all. Other than that, there have been – hard to say if they are sustainable or not, but things like the change in year-to-year withdrawals in California storage it impacted that throughput year-to-year substantially. Also, LNG coming into Brazil (ph) is that sustainable or not? Who knows, there is a startup volume, we thought it was going on in Asia and maybe that doesn’t play out. Really and specific through Canadian imports impacting EPNG, hard to imagine that long-term, we think the macro is going to play out essentially. But Ruby is going to be backing out a lot without existing Canadian production coming in with very little impact and in the Southern California.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Scherer with Tuohy Brothers Investment Research.
Craig Scherer – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: Great quarter.
Doug Foshee: Thank you.
Craig Scherer – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: Brent, one for you, and then one for Jim. Again here – first, are you experimenting at all with choking back on Haynesville IP rates? And if so, what are you seeing from that effort? Are you looking at some of the announcements that others are doing in that regard?
Brent Smolik: Yes, Craig, our practice has always been to limit the drawdown on our completions. And so that’s – we are not starting to choke them back, we have always held them back. But the way you should think about that is somewhere else we are just capable of delivering more at relatively low drawdowns and that’s where we think we have got an advantage area. These wells are just capable of higher rates, even though at the bottom, situation wouldn’t be drawn it down more than a 1500 to 2000 pounds. So we have always used that practice. We do watch the other competitors quite closely and we have got interest in a couple of those well, so we have got the dataset and we will continue to monitor them but we’re not pulling the wells hard.
Craig Scherer – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: Well, to the degree you’ve had that practice in the past how flat is the initial production, is it three months or two months of good flat IP rate or how does that work?
Brent Smolik: Yes it’s just we get some early flattish production but it’s a month of two and then those wells go on decline. So we’re not curtailing them all the way back down to like 10 million a day when they’re capable of 20 but that’s what you’re getting at in those kinds of cases. But while we’re curtailing – what we’re managing closely is the drawdown at the completion across the fracs. And so the wells will decline fairly quickly but they’ll start at 20 – 17, 18, 20 million a day rates.
Craig Scherer – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: I heard of at least one example of pulling back to 10-to 15 with another player, it’d be kind of interesting to hear more about this over time.
Brent Smolik: Yes, I think the real question is how much drawdown they’re putting across to completion.
Craig Scherer – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: Understood. Jim, I’ve been a little concerned over time across a couple of your peers about recontracting risk for short term, long haul pipe into the northeast given wrecks in the advent of the Marcellus. I wonder if you can comment on the expected net effect on TGP from the combination of the headwind of narrowing basis differentials but then also the upside of filling up the pipe in the north with Marcellus volumes and in the south with potential Eagle Ford volumes.
Jim Yardley: I think it’s a very good question Craig and we come out that this is much more of an opportunity than a challenge. The situation is something like this. So Marcellus, we are right on top of it in northeast Pennsylvania. It’s allowed us to do forward haul expansions to the tune of a billion dollars, these projects stand on their own. By the way if you relate that billion dollars to the rig face today on TGP, the existing rate base is probably about $2.5 billion. So those are very meaningful expansions. Coming back to the base business, the backhaul business that we have that is coming out of Marcellus protects us from a lot of downside challenges. While we are most challenged on TGP is in the mid section of TGP coming up through Kentucky and Ohio and in all – it’s that section that one would worry about wrecks lines or Marcellus backing up. But really in (inaudible) there, we’ve been challenged since probably 2000 or so. We have significant excess capacity there today and it’s highly, highly competitive in that area. So it’s not any backing out of additional business we don’t think is a significant thing relative to that backhaul business. In addition to that, we save on fuel, on electricity to run our compression and we will just naturally save on operating cost if that happens down there. So on balance when we look at the total picture we see much more positive than negative.
Craig Scherer – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: How material can the Eagle Ford be for the pipeline in the South?
Jim Yardley: I think the way I’d answer that is that we have again idle capacity down on our line from essentially the Mexican border up through Houston up into Louisiana. So with that it would be a positive. It’s not a big revenue generating area to us today and so it’s going to be nothing but rig.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rick Gross with Barclays Capital.
Rick Gross – Barclays Capital: Actually my question was asked on choking Haynesville.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ted Durban with Goldman Sachs.
Ted Durban – Goldman Sachs: Yes, if I could just ask, I saw that you kept your production guidance flat for E&P. Should we think about that as change in terms of the mix of liquids versus gas? You’ve been – 15% of your volumes or so looks like historically but as we enter the year, should we get to more like 20% liquid than oil and what not?
Jim Yardley: It won’t quite go up that much, it will inch up a few percent as we grow volumes in Altamont and then the bigger ramp up could be in the ‘11 as we start to feel the full effect of an Eagle Ford expanded development program and an expanded Altamont program. And so we’ll trend up and then step up further next year.
J.R. Sult: And just to be clear we haven’t changed guidance but we have said today we’re trending towards the upper end of our guidance range almost across the board.
Ted Durban – Goldman Sachs: Got you, okay that’s helpful thanks. And then if I can just ask a little bit more bigger picture, if you look at what some of the – your other peers, integrated natural gas companies are doing, does it kind of make you think twice again about remaining integrated. I mean you look at the really strong cost to capital, your MLP, maybe just some thoughts again on the business model.
Doug Foshee: Yes. Well it’s a great question, it’s one that we’re going to – that we have and we’ll spend a lot of time discussing and analyzing internally as we go through the year. We now have two competitors who have announced restructurings of their business in order to unlock what they perceive to be discounts to their stocks. And one of those cases is to be accomplished by essentially moving all of their pipeline and midstream assets into one MLP all at once and that relieves them of future funding requirements there and highlights their (inaudible) franchise. And the other, they intend to separate their businesses with a tax free spend of most of their E&P assets. In each of them we think has different drivers. For El Paso they represent too many possible alternatives and so we’ll watch closely to see whether either or both of those result in differential shareholder value. Here’s where we are. The next year for us is absolutely critical. We see the discount between our current share price in our NAV as composed really of three components. The first of those relates to the balance sheet. We don’t have investment grade statistics today and we’re in our peak year for capital spending. We think there is some discount to our NAV that’s associated with concerns about our ability to adequately turn our pipeline business and at the same time fund E&P and our (nascent) midstream business. And we believe that as we get rid of those concerns, as we move toward our target of free cash in 2012 and as we move toward our target of investment grade in 2012, there is a significant value accretion to our shareholders. Obviously, yesterday and that was a key day for us in that journey with the closing of the Ruby financing. The second component of discount between our NAV and our share price revolves, we think, around execution. Shareholders want to know that we can put pipeline projects on time and on budget and generate predictable sustainable earnings growth. We’ve got a – we think we have a differentiated track record on this front and we further that this quarter putting close to a billion dollars of new projects and service but we know we have to do this with the rest of the backlog. We think as we show that through the balance of this year and into early 2011, our shareholders are going to be rewarded. On the E&P side, we have to show that the performance that we logged in 2009 was continued to trend and was a step function improvement, wasn’t a fluke and we can compete in this business at the high end of returns and at the low end to cost. So putting up 2010 numbers similar to 2009 will go a long way toward eliminating this as a concern and we think it’ll result in going concern value of our E&P franchise being reflected in our share price. So, will by the way moving our Eagle Ford acreage into development mode as we did with the Haynesville in 2009. And then the third component of the discount is driven by the fact that we are in a pure play. As we sit here today, we don’t know what the waiting of those three are, but we do intend to largely eliminate the first two as we put the backlog in service and as we deliver another good year in E&P as we bring our Eagle Ford play into full development as we complete our capital spending overall in 2010 and start to improve our balance sheet and we intend to do all of that much of it in the balance of 2010. So while we intend to continue to monitor the performance of our competitors really closely to see if either of their decisions or some permutation of those decisions that generate excess returns to El Paso investors we think today at this red hot moment while we’re in the middle of the biggest CapEx year in our company’s 82-year history and while we’re in the midst of what maybe the best combined year for our business units it’s in our shareholders best interest that we stay laser focused on balance sheet improvement, execution and moving towards positive free cash.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Becca Followill with Tudor Pickering and Holt.
Becca Followill – Tudor Pickering and Holt: Good morning and thanks for that answer to Ted’s question, that was helpful. On the MLPs, you said that you’re just getting started on the dropdowns. Can you give us some more color as to – despite the fact that you’ve got your financing done for the year, would you do more this year and if you did, what you would use proceeds for?
Doug Foshee: I absolutely think if markets stay where they are we’ll do more this year. We’re incented to do that both by the incentive distribution rights that we hold in the GP and by the units that we hold and. So that’s been a good formula for us so far. We think it’ll continue to be a good formula. If you think about sort of the – we have always thought that the practical limit in the near term to the growth in our MLP is really the size of the MLP market and the capacity at least right now of the retail market to absorb new equity. So if you think about that as JR mentioned earlier kind of $300 million of equity at a time and $50 million debt-to-cap, that’s on the order of $600 million drop at a time. We think that we can do more than one of those a year and probably can’t do four of those in a year, so somewhere in the one to three range in a year given current market conditions. Until we get to the holy grail for us, which is investment grade as a company and until we get to free cash, we think it’s pretty simple for us to figure out what we do with proceeds and that’s a great way for us with a really efficient source of capital to accelerate our deleveraging plan and move that 2012 date up if you can.
Becca Followill – Tudor Pickering and Holt: On Eagle Ford I know it’s really early but have you guys started to look at trying to contract for fractionation capacity. Do you have anything already or what are your plans there so that you don’t get squeezed out of a really tight market?
Doug Foshee: Yes, we think we think we’ve got enough visibility back up for this year and going to the next and then we’re working on beyond that. So, we could easily keep up with a tier rate program we think. It’s just if we can get ready to ramp up to a more expanded program, that’s the option we’re working on but there are a lot of options being discussed right now. So we think we’re going to be – we will get ahead of it just like we did in Haynesville before.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Jonathan Lefebvre with Wells Fargo.
Jonathan Lefebvre – Wells Fargo: Hi guys, nice quarter. Just on the Ruby financing, congratulations for getting that in place. You said 6.5% kind of weighted average is that and correct me if I’m wrong but is that below what you had budgeted originally, I believe it was up near 9% and did that kind of enhance the economics there for you at all.
J.R. Sult: Yes, it does and yes, it was below our expectations.
Jonathan Lefebvre – Wells Fargo: Okay. And then just jump into the MLP and kind of Becca’s question there, did you guys – I know you said you’d pursue the additional MLP dropdowns possibly later this year. Did I hear you right that the preferences to put that capital towards the E&P program or would you use some of that to fund some of the (nascent) midstream opportunities you’re seeing?
Doug Foshee: Yes I think well it sort of it will depend on conditions at the time. But I think right now especially given the level of capital we’re spending in the two businesses combined and our perception anyway that a portion of the discount in our stock to our NAV is related to balance sheet strength and financial flexibility. I think the first order of business for us will very likely be continuing to improve the balance sheet if we can do better in terms of the volume of MLP drops that we could do in a given period of time sort of the first order of business is continue to improve the balance sheet.
Jonathan Lefebvre – Wells Fargo: So that essentially pushes out any type of pursing any type of midstream opportunities probably out to the 2012 type timeframe?
Doug Foshee: No, I don’t consider those necessarily to be mutually exclusive. I think what happens with midstream is a combination of first of all midstream competing for capital for future capital with both the upstream unit and the pipeline group and then secondly all sorts of opportunities for how to finance that business in a way, that’s balance sheet friendly.
Bruce Connery: Yes. Alright, that concludes today’s call. We appreciate your participation and your questions, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-03-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Bruce Connery – VP, Investor and Public Relations Doug Foshee – Chairman, President and CEO J.R. Sult – SVP and CFO Jim Yardley – EVP and President, Pipeline Group Brent Smolik – EVP and President, El Paso E&P Company
Analysts: Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Faisal Khan – Citigroup Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Craig Shere – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research Monroe Helm – Barrow Hanley Jonathan Lefebvre – Wells Fargo Becca Followill – Tudor Pickering and Holt Shen Lou [ph] – JP Morgan Ted Durbin – Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tiffany, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the El Paso Corporation fourth quarter earnings release conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) Thank you. Mr. Bruce Connery, you may begin your conference.
Bruce Connery: Good morning and thank you for joining our call. In just a moment I’ll turn the call over to Doug Foshee, El Paso’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Others with us this morning who will be participating in the call are J.R. Sult, our CFO, Jim Yardley, Chairman of the Pipeline Group, and Brent Smolik, President of El Paso Exploration and Production Company. Throughout this call we will be referring to slides that are available on our Web site at elpaso.com. This morning, we issued a press release and filed with the SEC as an 8-K and is also in our Web site. Please note that we have a financial and operational reporting package in the supporting materials of the webcast details located in the investor section of our Web site that includes GAAP financial statements and non-GAAP reconciliations. If you have not done so please download this package so that you have all relevant financial information available. During this call, we will include certain forward-looking statements and projections. The company has made every reasonable effort to ensure that the information and assumptions on which these statements and projections are based are current, reasonable and complete. However, a variety of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the statements and projections expressed in this call. Those factors are identified under cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statement section of our earnings press release as well as in other filings with the SEC and you should refer to them. The Company assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements made during this conference call or any other forward-looking statements made by the company, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. One thing we would ask when we do get to Q&A, if you would limit to two questions please it’d be very helpful. And with that I will turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Foshee: Thanks, Bruce. Good morning. I would like to start this morning on Slide #5 with a quick run down of our overall performance for 2009. First though, I would like to thank our employees for a great year operationally and financially under very challenging conditions. In a year like 2010, where execution across the board will be so critical to El Paso’s success. It’s worth looking at how we did in 2009 versus our objectives in pipeline construction and drill bit performance and in providing adequate funding for our operations. Three key determinants of our success in 2010. If the past is prologue, then 2010 is shaping up to be an outstanding year for El Paso. Jim and his team in the pipes had another very strong year in 2009. Adjusted EBIT was up 12% over 2008. We secured a 50% partner for the $3 billion Ruby pipeline, the largest single component of our pipeline backlog. We continued to show good execution on capital spending putting four new projects in service on time and on budget. And we continued to make good progress on the balance of the backlog, the remainder of which remains on time and on budget. As for the E&P company, Brent and the E&P team performed better than at any time in my tenure. Production came in at the high end of guidance despite spending less capital. We saved almost $0.20 off our per unit direct lifting costs which we believe will put us in the top quartile on this measure of efficiency again for 2009. Reserve replacement costs before price revisions came in at $1.57, down significantly from $2.87 in 2008 and this was accomplished while keeping our proved undeveloped researches as a percentage of total proved reserves modest relative to our peers at 31%, giving us further confidence that these results are sustainable. Our risk unproved resource rose by 44% for the year. Our Haynesville area went from a standing start to an exit rate of 150 million cubic feet a day gross and 110 million a day net by year-end and this was accomplished at costs that are as good as anyone in the play. We got off to a strong start in the Eagle Ford, putting our first well on production and building an acreage position from scratch that now totals 138,000 acres and counting. We’re currently completing the second well on our acreage and have made a decision to add a second rig into Eagle Ford likely for the balance of the year. And finally, E&P generated $600 million in cash flow after CapEx for the year even after the purchase of the Flying J assets in Altamonte at year-end. With regard to balance sheet management, Mark Leland, John Hopper and more recently J.R and their teams did yeoman work staying well ahead of our financing needs in 2009. We completed $3.8 billion in new financings between the fourth quarter of 2008 and the fourth quarter of 2009, keeping liquidity very strong throughout the year. We ended the year at the high end of our guidance for liquidity, $1.8 billion after funding the Altamonte acquisition in December. And finally, we generated strong earnings for the quarter at $0.34. For the year at $1.29 on an adjusted basis as a result of the combined contribution from pipes and E&P as well as significant companywide cost reductions. Now, moving to 2010, we’re off to a great start on the goals we’ve laid out for you back in December at our Analyst Day. On Ruby, we received our final environmental impact statement in early January. We expect to receive FERC approval this month and we expect to begin construction in the May/June timeframe all consistent with our previous guidance. As J.R. will detail in his comments we now have in hand financing commitments in excess of our needed $1.5 billion and at very favorable rates. And we see an increasingly positive macro for Ruby, as new shales compete for eastern markets, making western path more attractive for Rockies producers and have Canadian production continues to decline. In E&P, a strong start to the year gives us confidence to edge up our production guidance by 20 million a day from the original range of 720 to 760, to the new range of 740 to 780 a day. With regard to the pipeline backlog, we complete another major milestone today, as we put both the third expansion of the Elba Island LNG terminal and the Elba Express pipeline in service and generating revenue. This represents over five years of effort and close to a billion dollars in capital and both start service on time and on budget. And we continue to build on to the pipeline franchise. In a most recent instance, we added another Marcellus related growth project at TGP, the northeast upgrade. Together, with the previously added line 300 project, that makes a billion dollars in new growth on TGP, fully subscribed with long-term contracts and in-service dates in 2011 and 2013. These big project wins validate both the skills of our commercial team and the value of having a large existing footprint in the key market and supply areas across the US. As we alluded to back in December, we just announced an agreement to sell our Mexican infrastructure business for $300 million, an important component to our overall financing plan for 2010. And finally, El Paso pipeline partners, our MLP, completed a very successful equity sale in January, generating almost $240 million in proceeds, which I expect they will put to work soon. With that I will turn the call over to J.R. and come back at the end to wrap up and then take your questions. J.R?
J.R. Sult: Thanks, Doug, and good morning to everyone. In early December, at our Annual Analyst Meeting in New York, I outlined our financing plan for 2010. And although we’re only 60 days into the new year, we’ve already accomplished a great deal toward meeting our 2010 funding needs. I’ll update you on our progress in a minute, but first I’ll review our fourth quarter and full year 2009 financial results. I’m starting on Slide #11 titled 2009 Fourth Quarter Financial Results. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the quarter was $0.34, an increase of 62% over the $0.21 per share in 2008. As we’ve reminded you on previous calls, our results for the quarter do not include $0.04 per share associated with the early settlement of our $110 per barrel oil hedges, which we realized in the first quarter. Our earnings would have been $0.38 per share for the quarter if we had held hedged positions to maturity. Actual GAAP reported earnings for the quarter was $0.36 per share. A summary of the adjustments and the reconciliation to our reported earnings per share are included in our financial and operational reporting package on our Web site. Items impacting the fourth quarter included international ceiling test charges, severance costs related to our recent reorganization, the impact of our E&P hedges, certain legacy matters and the tax benefits associated with the liquidation of certain foreign entities. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter after adjusting for the tax benefit associated with the liquidation of foreign earnings was 35%. Results for the quarter was driven by strong performance in both the pipes and E&P, each posting solid increases in adjusted EBIT and adjusted EBITDA. In the Pipeline Group, adjusted EBIT increased 19% for the quarter, driven largely by the impact of expansion project placed in service and lower operating costs across franchise. In E&P, lower cash costs and DD&A together with higher realized commodity prices which benefited from our hedging program led to performance improvement. We’ve also included for your reference in our reporting package our adjusted pro rata EBITDA results including our share of both Citrus and Four Star. Now, turning to Slide #12, for the full year we reported adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.29 roughly in line with our 2008 performance despite realized natural gas prices of 7% below 2008 levels. GAAP reported earnings per share for the year was a loss of $0.83 which was significantly impacted by the first quarter ceiling test charges. I would once again refer you to our reporting package for the items impacting our full year earnings per share. In the Pipeline Group, adjusted EBIT increased 12% to 1.4 billion supported by incremental expansion revenues and capacity sales, higher retained fuel revenues, lower electric compression costs and lower operating costs. Jim will elaborate further in a few minutes. The Pipeline Group placed four new expansion projects in-service in 2009 on time and on budget. Adjusted EBITDA surpassed $1.8 billion for the year. In the E&P group lower DD&A and cash costs helped offset the impact of lower commodity prices and production volumes. Our successful hedge program contributed about a billion dollars to our 2009 results. Moving on to Slide #13, cash flow from operations for the year was 2.1 billion compared to 2.4 billion for 2008, despite significantly lower commodity prices. Capital expenditures came in on target at $2.8 billion for 2009, essential flat for 2008 spending levels. Pipeline capital of $1.7 billion was split $1.4 billion through expansion and $0.3 billion to maintenance. Major expansion projects included Ruby, Elba, and Elba Express in line 300 among others. On the E&P side total capital ended the year around 1 billion, reflecting the pull-back earlier in the year in response to low commodity prices coupled with then higher service costs. Despite the reduction in capital allocation, the E&P Group grew proved reserves 8% reduced its domestic reserve replacement cost to $1.57 and delivered production volumes at the high end of our full year guidance. Importantly, we ended the year with strong liquidity, 1.8 billion. The amount was at the high end of our December guidance after spending about $100 million for the Altamonte oil property acquisition at year-end. Liquidity is comprised of 1.3 billion, in fact, with all our capacity, about a $0.5 million billion in cash. Now, (inaudible) total liquidity excludes about $400 million of combined cash and credit facility capacity to meet expansion capital needs at EPB and Ruby. As Doug mentioned in his opening remarks, this year is all about execution. And the finance group is no exception. For my organization that means delivering on the finance plan we laid out to you in December period. Moving Slide #14, we’ve made significant progress in the first 60 days. On Ruby, we’re very pleased with where we’re on the financing and I’ll give you an update on the next slide. On asset sales, we told you back in December that we anticipated news regarding asset sales would come earlier in the year rather than later. And last week we announced the sale of our Mexican pipeline assets for $300 million. The vast majority of these assets are in joint venture with Pemex. Finally, on the MLP front, El Paso Pipeline Partners was among the first MLP of accessing the equity markets in early January. Demand for the units was strong. (inaudible) steel is upside for nearly 10% and substantially, all the green sheet was exercised. Total net proceeds from the offering was nearly $240 million. With the proceeds in hand, I would expect the partnership to put the money to work in the near future. Turning to Slide #15, as Doug previously indicated, we’ve received executed commitment letters from a diverse group of financial institutions totaling over 1.5 billion to provide project financing for the Ruby pipeline project. Commitment letters are subject to various customary conditions precedent and execution of definitive loan agreements. We’re in the process of negotiating these agreements so we won’t be providing much detail on the specifics of the transaction. However, the terms for the facility are expected to be typical for project financing of this nature. One detail I will share is the facility will be structured to the seven-year traditional bank project financing. Based on current market conditions, and assuming required hedging, we would anticipate an initial interest rate of less than 7%. As I said in December, Ruby is the preeminent project financing transaction in the market this year and has attracted the top tier project finance banks from around the globe. Although we still have additional work to close the financing prior to start of the construction we believe receipt of the commitment is an important milestone in the project to reflect strong interest in our project from the financial community. I’m very pleased with the progress we’ve made and the support of our group of banks and helping to bring the financing closer to the goal line. Before I turn the call over to Jim Yardley, I want to remind you of the considerable commodity price protection we have in place for our 2010 and 2011 natural gas and oil production. On Slide #16, you see intense positions are designed to provide us greater cash flow certainty as we complete the backlog pipeline expansion projects in 2010 and 11. We have $6.41 in floors, and are roughly 80% of our domestic natural gas production for the full year 2010 with the positions weighted towards the first three quarters. Nearly fully hedged through the third quarter and about 30% hedged in the fourth quarter. In 2011, about 60% of our domestic gas production is hedged with a floor price of $6. For oil, we’ve hedged substantially all of our production in 2010 with a floor price of $76 and about 25% of our estimated 2011 production with an $80 floor. We’ve included our customary detailed schedule of all our hedge positions in the reporting package. That’s my update for you this morning. Both our businesses performed well in 2009 and have carried forward that performance level into 2010. We’ve made excellent progress on our financing plan and I look forward to sharing further updates with you in the near future With that I will turn the call over to Jim for an update on the Pipeline Group.
Jim Yardley: Thanks, J.R. Our Pipeline Group had a very productive 2009. The 12% increase in adjusted EBIT represents another year of meaningful growth for the pipes. EBITDA for the Pipeline Group adjusted for a portion of interest in citrus is now $2billion. And we’ll continue to see earnings growth as we execute our backlog of growth projects. We’ve placed four more in service in 2009 on time and essentially on budget, and as Doug said, today, we placed two big ones in service. The expansion of our Elba Island Terminal and its associated Elba Express Pipeline also on time and budget. Ruby continues to meet milestones towards the start-up of construction in late spring. And finally, we added a significant new project to our committed backlog we secured commercial arrangements with shippers to move forward with a major expansion out of the Marcellus. Let me digress here to say that while this slide accurately summarizes our financial and growth achievements for 2009, it doesn’t do justice to our solid blocking and tackling operating performance. We successfully served our customers 24/7. We settled a major rate case. Our multiyear pipeline integrity program is now nearly 90% complete. And we made major steps to do all this work more efficiently as evidenced by our financial results. So my hats off to our pipeline workforce in the office and field locations across the country. On Slide #19, a throughput summary. For the first year in many our throughput decreased by 3%. This is generally a result of the economic slowdown. Remember, the throughput has only a minor impact on our financials, because of the demand charge nature of our business. Throughput on EP&G decreased due to the economy in Arizona and southern California as well as the start-up of a competitor service lateral into the Phoenix area. Also, our pipes are impacted both by lower industrial demand, particularly, in the southeast, and a mild summer in the northeast on TGP. Increasing power gen demand in the southeast including some displacement of coal loads somewhat offset these declines. As did supply related throughput, especially in the Rockies where we capitalized on our various recent expansions. Slides #20 and #21 review our Elba and Elba Express projects. Both projects enter service today and are now generating revenue. At the terminal the expansion of the vaporization send-out capacity is in service and the new tank capacity will go in service this summer as planned. These two projects were conceived more than five years ago, so we’re celebrating today a major achievement in the culmination of a huge effort by our employees, contractors and suppliers, customers, and regulators. And the going in-service on-time and on-budget. These are very attractive projects for us. Together, they represent a capital investment of approximately $900 million. They will generate solid regulated like returns. They’re supported by very long-term contracts for 100% of the expansion capacity. The contracts are with Shell, clearly a high quality customer. And as you know, our revenue stream is demand charge based, so that our profitability is not sensitive to how much or how often the capacity is used. Both the Elba expansion and Elba Express are examples of excellent project execution. Elba Express on Slide #21 is a major new pipeline from the Elba Terminal through an interconnect with the Transfill [ph] Mainline which, of course, is a significant supplier to the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic. This was a very large construction project, large diameter pipe nearly 200 miles long, much of its green field. Two major directional drills, one are half mile long through solid rock. A varied topography along the pipeline road, significant wetlands, rolling hills, rocky terrain at the northern end. And constructed through very wet, rainy, muddy conditions in the southeast during the late summer, late fall and winter. So the take-away here is that we executed very well, on time, on budget. Slide #22 provides an update on our Ruby pipeline project. It remains on schedule and on budget. We received the final EIS in early January. The EIS provides more certainty about environmental mitigation, construction conditions and the pipeline route. All subject to FERC approval. We expect that approval this month with the BLM right-of-way grant expected in April. We then plan to start construction in May/June, over 85% of the right-of-way on the privately owned land has already been acquired. As you know, we will be utilizing seven different construction spreads from four experienced contractors. For each spread we’ve devoted a lot of time to the construction planning together with the contractors. At the peak of construction this summer, we’ll have approximately 4,300 people working on the job. Also, over half the pipe has now been produced and continues to move west in unit trains. Pipe production is on schedule. So we’re executing. And 2010 is obviously an active year for the Ruby project. Finally, on the Northeast, as you know, TGP has a $1 billion expansion program to move Appalachian and Marcellus gas to markets. The line 300 expansion will go in service in late 2011 for equitable and the northeast upgrade project that we just announced with Chesapeake and Stat Oil will go in service late 2013. On the line 300 expansion, we just received an important permit from the New Jersey DEP. Also, FERC just issued its environmental assessment on the project and we expect FERC approval in April. Both these projects are fully subscribed under long-term contracts and provide solid regulated returns. In addition to these two forward haul projects, we’ve secured firm transportation back haul business with Marcellus producers who will provide an additional $50 million of annual revenue by 2012. So we’re right in the middle of the activity in Marcellus, it’s providing us a significant and profitable growth. So, in summary, on the pipes, we executed well in 2009, in 2010, we’re executing again and will be another busy year for us. And with that I will turn it over to Brent.
Brent Smolik: Thanks, Jim, and good morning everyone. I will begin on Slide #25 this morning which lists some of our 2009 highlights all of which are relevant to our 2010 plan. Due to a strong fourth quarter we’re ending the year with a lot of positive momentum. Our full year production volumes when we include our interest in Four Star averaged 763 million a day which was at the high end of our full-year production guidance. Our domestic direct lifting costs which were already among the lowest in the industry got even lower. We shaved $0.19 off of our 2008 results coming in at about $0.70 per Mcfe. As I noted in our last call we got some benefit from deflation, but a lot of our progress is due to the efforts of our production operations teams. For some time now we’ve talked about the work we’ve done to improve our portfolio. That’s shifting to more onshore, more unconventional, and more predictable opportunities. And those shifts are visible in our improved domestic reserve replacement cost of $1.57. And our unproved resources grew significantly as well. We had a 44% increase in risk resources that came mostly from the Haynesville and Eagle Ford shales. We also believe that we’ve got good opportunities in the Hopper to grow the 5.1 Tcf of unproved resources going forward. And finally, we advanced several of our key programs. As Doug noted, the Haynesville was a fairly minor contributor as we began 2009 and now generates more production than any other single asset currently close to 15% of our total net production. During 2009, we wept from one rig to five rigs, with excellent drilling and completion performance throughout the year. That’s still early days for the Eagle Ford, but it’s moving quickly, thanks to our Haynesville experience. And I’ll give you an update on that program in a few minutes. We’re pleased with the results of our Altamonte oil program. And we closed a very nice bolt-on acquisition in the field right at the end of the year and we have ramped up to three rigs in that development. And we continue to advance international programs. We established first production from our project Camarupim in Brazil, and we drilled one additional well in our South Alamein block in Egypt, which has been temporarily abandoned while we evaluate the drilling and logging results. Turning to Slide #26 we show you the full year production numbers as well as monthly production profile during 2009. The graph on the right also shows our drilling rig level at the end of each month. Production declined from 2008, which was consistent with our planned drop in capital spending. The central division grew nicely, thanks to the Haynesville program and the Gulf Coast division declined as we chose to pull back investment in those assets. Remember, this shift in capital resulted in a significant excess cash flows that the E&P Company generated last year. The chart on the right side of the page shows that our production bottomed in September after we cut activity down to six rigs. Currently, we’re back up to 14 rigs, with five of those in the Haynesville, three in the Altamonte, and one rig drilling Eagle Ford. Our fourth quarter volumes averaged 742 million per day and as you can see in Klein, throughout the quarter. As a result of a strong start to the year with an entry rate of about 750 million per day we’re raising our 2010 guidance by about 20 million a day to 740 million per day to 780 million per day. On Slide #27, we show per unit cash costs. We’ve made great progress here. Remember, that our volumes were down in 2009, so having a lower denominator makes this improvement in unit cash costs even more satisfying for us. Domestic lifting costs went from $0.89 last year to $0.70. As I noted earlier a lot of that reduction was due to the efforts of our operations teams. Note the unit G&A went up year-over-year. We had some one-time benefits in 2008 and some one-time costs in 2009 that account for most of that difference. So, it’s a great story in total, for total cash costs in 2009. For 2010, based on our improved production guidance and continued focus on costs, we’re updating our guidance slightly to $1.85 to $2.15 per Mcfe versus December guidance which had a midpoint of $2.05. The improved cash cost trends we established in 2009 are continuing, in 2010, and essentially the same levels for all the categories except for increases related to production taxes and international lifting costs. Production taxes are up in the guidance due to higher gas price estimate in 2010 and reduction in the assumed production tax credits versus our 2009 actuals. The lifting costs associated with our early production from the Camarupim project in Brazil will be elevated on a unit cost basis until we maximize the field production and add more production from the offset exploration projects and more efficiently utilize the FPSO. Slide #28 shows a snapshot of our 2009 domestic F&D costs and the reserve replacement rate. Our $1.57 F&D that’s before price related revisions is a significant improvement over 2008 results reflecting the changes that we made in the portfolio over the last few years. As Doug indicated, the new reserve booking rules had a minimal impact on us other than the negative price revisions associated with the new pricing methodology. Overall, our PUD percentage of total reserves hasn’t changed much over the last three years. We were 29% in 2007, 25% in 2008 and now up to 31% in 2009. And the 220% reserve replacement is even better than it appears on the surface since we spent over $600 million or about 42% less on domestic capital in 2009 than we did in 2008. For the total company we reported a healthy 8% reserve growth and we look forward to post a good numbers again for 2010 On Slide #29 we show you the updated year end growth in our unproved resources since 2006. That’s a full doubling over that three-year period. And, again, the progress mirrors our shifts in the asset portfolio. Unconventional resources, particularly shales have driven that up dramatically. But also the conventional low risk assets have also doubled. So we’ve done a lot to expand our sources of future proved reserves and production growth. When you had our pud reserves to our unproved resources we now have well over a 10-year drilling inventory. Let’s turn to a quick update on our three major drilling programs. Slide #30 updates our Haynesville program. We now have 25 wells producing in the program and across the board results continue to be ahead of our models. In the Holly area, which constitutes about half of our acreage, the well results are still excellent. The average of 30-day IP rate in those wells is in excess of 17 million a day. More recently, we’ve been dealing wells outside of Holly and the results continue to be very encouraging. The last five wells in this area have averaged IP 30s exceeding 10 million a day. So the story here is still positive overall. Our well performance and our drilling efficiencies are still as good as anyone in industry and we’ll continue with our five rig drilling program throughout the year. So Haynesville will continue to be a growing part of our overall production. On Slide #31 is an update of the Eagle Ford. We’re pleased with the drilling results of our second well and we were hoping to have a test results ready for this call, however, we’re still in the process of fracking the well. We plan to press release those results after we finish the completion and get a full production test. We’ve continued to expand our lease position and we’re now up to 138,000 net acres. There s an incredible amount of industry activity taken place in the southwest part of the play and much of it surrounds two of our acreage blocks. On the map, we show the lines designating the dry gas, gas condensate and oil areas. These lines are still moving as we continue to learn more about the trends, but generally speaking, the northwestern part of the play may even be more liquids rich than us and others have previously thought. In order to accelerate our learning in the play we’ve decided to add the second rig in the March/April timeframe. That will also give us the option to reallocate capital toward the Eagle Ford and keep both rigs running in the second half of the year. We’re learning quickly in the Eagle Ford and we feel that we benefit greatly in the Eagle Ford play from our Haynesville experience that exists in our organization. I’ll wrap up with an update on the Altamonte program. As you know, we made a nice acquisition right before the year end of last year. This is primarily an oil property, so the $9 per barrel equivalent acquisition costs is very attractive. The project really defines a bolt-on acquisition for us. The map shows just how well the Flying J properties line up with ours in terms of acreage. Some of the properties we bought were even non-operated interests in wells that we currently operate. We took over operations as soon as we closed and the integration has gone very smoothly since then. Following the addition of these properties and a significant drilling inventory that comes with them we’ve raised our activity to three rigs in this field. That concludes my update this morning. We’ve started the year strong. All of our major programs have a good deal of momentum, which allows us to raise our full year production guidance and lower our cash costs guidance. Now I’ll turn the call back over to Doug.
Doug Foshee: Thank you, Brent. When we met with many of you back in December we felt good about our plan for 2010 and our longer-term objectives through 2012. We also felt confident that we’d be able to show you meaningful progress against those plans early in the year and we’ve done that. We finished 2009 with a strong quarter, giving us momentum going into 2010. The Elba Terminal expansion and Elba Express Pipeline are in-service on time and on budget. Ruby is moving along nicely with financing commitments now in hand at favorable rates. FERC approval is expected this month and construction to begin soon. E&P is off to a great start, strong enough to give us confidence in increasing production guidance and decrease in unit cash costs guidance. And our overall financing plan is falling into place nicely with the Ruby commitments, the MLP equity sale in January and the recent announcement of the sale in Mexico, which we expect to close soon. We indicated in December that we had great visibility into the elements of our financing plan and we did. So we’re on track for each of the goals we set out in December for 2010 and for 2010-2012 longer term objectives, including a goal to generate an average 15% annual growth in earnings per share. So, we’re off to a great start. You should expect to see more positive news as we continue to execute on the plan. And with that we’re happy to open it up to your questions this morning.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question is from the line of Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital: Hey, good morning, everybody and certainly, nice work. Just a quick question if I could on the asset sales, I guess maybe to the blended in with the funding for this year. But with the announcement from last week we now have kind of the minimum of what was the goal that was thrown out there. Of course, we still have about $3 billion of NOLs and if past is prologue, as you have said, the last two years we’ve had some nice rationalization on the E&P side. Is there any reason to think that we shouldn’t or perhaps we won’t see more asset sales if the market allows?
Doug Foshee: Yes, Carl this is Doug. First of all, we’re really pleased to be sitting here on March 1st having achieved the goal that we set out with the sale of Mexico. Having said that, we do always look at each of the pieces of the portfolio for the ongoing strategic fit. And if we see an opportunity that we think at the margin creates value we’ll take advantage of it. I would say, directionally, we’re in a position now by virtue of our position in the Haynesville and the Eagle Ford, in particular, where we have really good places to spend incremental capital dollars in core areas and that sort of over time, changes the calculus on what else might be core.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital: Okay. And maybe a second question, actually, just kind of a drill-down question on the E&P unit cash cost side. Brent, I understand that essentially as (inaudible) continued to sort of take some time to kind of ramp up, I think back in the third quarter there was perhaps $0.19 or $0.20 of embedded costs, if you will, in the LOE. Is that the pressure you were alluding to earlier? Is that kind of the number that we would expect to see essentially in the unit numbers until that kind of comes fully on line?
Brent Smolik: Yeah, that s the right ballpark, Carl. Something around the high teens as we ramp up production and until we get additional production coming in from the offset exploration wells to be able to fully load the FPSO. So you got about the right ballpark and maybe to expand on that just a little for the other categories, we think of domestic LOEs kind of flattish to maybe up $4 million or 5 million. And G&A is probably going to be down by about that same amount, $4.5 million to 5 million year-over-year. So, it’s really international LOE and then whatever happens to production taxes, which will be, of course, a function of price in the U.S. that gets to us that $2 midpoint of the full year guidance.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital: Great, thanks, guys.
Doug Foshee: Thanks, Carl.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Faisal Khan with Citigroup.
Faisal Khan – Citigroup: Morning. I just wonder if you could on the pipeline side, can you talk about a little bit about the demand side of the equation and how your volumes were off because of the economics situation in some of those areas. On the supply side are you talking about what you’re seeing there, are you still seeing a supply push or are you seeing any slow down in some of the areas or are there is any sort of response from the rig activity?
Jim Yardley: So demand is taking its course. First of all, on demand side, there’s significant increase on the industrials. We see that clearly in the southeast, in particular, relative to a year ago. On the supply side, I think we see supply push coming out of the Haynesville clearly. It’s actually impacted in a slight negative way, our volumes on Tennessee in the supply area, because we have moved some volumes from west to east there that’s being displaced now by some of the new bigger pipes. So what happens is that some of that goes northeast, some of it comes into the southeast, which is good for southern natural. In the northeast, we have big new volumes coming on in the Marcellus. We have a year ago at this time we probably weren’t taking much at all into TGP in the Marcellus, we’re up to over 300 a day. That’s provided us with obviously, good opportunities revenue-wise. It’s displaced some of the volumes coming in from Canada. The Canada fall off we see very clearly. A lot of that’s happening coming into the northeast, some into the Midwest, less so into the west right now. Rex volumes are increasing. So the dynamics on TGP are changing, but for the most part, to the good [ph] there’s clearly much more opportunity than risk there.
Faisal Khan – Citigroup: Okay. And then just on the CapEx side for the pipeline, how much of the growth CapEx this year for the pipeline is going to actually will be funded at the MLP level?
Doug Foshee: How much of the growth capital will be funded at the MLP level?
Brent Smolik: Again, effectively, the capital associated with Wyoming interstate and the capital associated with Colorado interstate be funded at MLP level, Faisal. So that’s probably on the order of magnitude of $175 million to $200 million, I would tell.
Faisal Khan – Citigroup: Okay, got you. And then last question, on the E&P side, I think you explained it. The LOE lease operating costs going from $0.77 to $0.85 that was because of Brazil I think?
Brent Smolik: Yes, Faisal, If we’re talking about from 2009 actual to 2010 guidance, the two things that are moving it up are international, because of the start-up of the Camarupim project, and then because we’ve got a higher price deck assumed in our plan, we’ve got higher production taxes in the production tax side. On a unit basis, G&A and LOE domestically, should be very flat.
Faisal Khan – Citigroup: Okay, got you. All right, thanks, guys, appreciate the time.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Lasan Johong with RBC Capital
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital: Thank you. What was your drilling only F&D cost and reserve replacement ratio in the domestic market?
Brent Smolik: So how are you defining drilling only in that case? There’s so many different definitions flowing around out there.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital: Basically, excluding acquisitions and write-downs.
Brent Smolik: That’s pretty close to the $1.57.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital: I’m sorry?
Brent Smolik: That’s pretty close to the $1.57. The only acquisition that we had was about $1.50 and it was the Altamonte at the end of the year.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital: Okay, and your reserve replacement ratio?
Brent Smolik: Was over 200%.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital: No, excluding the write-down in the acquisition.
Brent Smolik: Yes. More than doubled.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital: So it’s basically the same. All right. What was your exit rate in 2009 for E&P?
J.R. Sult: Exit rate?
Brent Smolik: We were right at 750 million a day. You can see that on one of the charts that we showed the bar graphs monthly, but it’s right at 750 million a day.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital: Excellent. Can I assume that the Haynesville decline rates are flatter than in some of the other shale plays? Is that a good assumption?
Brent Smolik: Yes, if you’re talking about late lines, I don’t think we know yet is in industry, but our belief is going to be fairly shallow declines, but early days, the initial decline rates are quite high. So we’re still seeing 70% to 85% initial declines on the wells that we have on line.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital: Aren’t you choking down on your initial production because of the compaction problem in the fractures?
Brent Smolik: No, we’re not in that camp. We’re producing the wells that whatever rates we can deliver out of the fields. If we’re curtailing production every it’s short-term around takeaway capacity, if we bring a brand new 20 million a day well on, you can swap out part of the system. So as we bring them on, we may curtail them a little bit, but otherwise, we’re producing the wells. We’re not curtailing them.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital: That’s great. Doug, strategic question. You chose to cut the dividend down to the bare bones penny a quarter. I think that was a very good strategic decision to try and fund growth CapEx. But when can we expect El Paso to return to growth mode on the dividend?
Doug Foshee: Tough to predict, but if you go back to our December Analyst Day, we showed a chart that took a look at free cash flow. And I think what you see when you look at that chart is 2010, obviously the heaviest CapEx spending year in our history, I think. $4 billion worth of capital roughly spent this year. That free cash flow number goes to about $500 million negative in 2011 and then swings to $500 million positive in 2012. So all other things being equal. We begin to make decisions about what to do with excess cash flow as we moved through 2011 and into 2012.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital: That’s not saying that you don t think there’s any more growth beyond 2011, right?
Doug Foshee: No. Well, in fact, as the biggest proof point to that is the Marcellus project that we’ve just announced, which is $400 million most of that capital gets spent in 2013.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital: Okay. And last question –
Brent Smolik: We’re trying to limit everybody to two questions because we’ve got a lot.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital: I am sorry, I’ll follow up.
Brent Smolik: Thank you.
Doug Foshee: Thanks, Lasan.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers Investment Research.
Craig Shere – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: Hi, good quarter. Congratulations on all the funding getting that trued up. Quick question. On the MLP, are you seeing that just over time as a funding vehicle as needed? Obviously you want to grow the distributions for the GP splits, but do you see it more fundamentally as an arbitrage and the valuation of the assets? And how would you look at the LNG upgrade and the overall terminal there in terms of its applicability to the MLP?
Doug Foshee: I think, to answer the second part of your question first, with regard to the Elba expansion and the Elba pipeline, I think if you were trying to craft sort of the prototypical MLP asset, thinking about it as a very stable revenue with long tenor to the contractual commitments and very low ongoing maintenance capital, you probably pick something exactly like the Elba Terminal and the Elba Pipeline. So, yes, we think those are very appropriate assets to exist in the MLP. I think our strategy, with regard to the MLP, hasn’t really changed in that we’re sitting here with significant portfolio of what are some of the best possible MLP assets in a C-corp [ph] that has $3 billion NOL and is the owner of the GP and the vast majority of units of an MLP that trades at one of the two or three lowest yields in the marketplace. So we would very much like to grow that in a way that benefits both the unitholders and the EP shareholders. We continue to look for ways to accelerate that growth. And frankly, I think the growth of our MLP is only limited by the ability of the market to absorb our MLP equity.
Craig Shere – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: Your points are well taken. Is it really something that unless you can get hard cash to the C-corp that equity in exchange for assets at the MLP is really not what you’re looking for?
Doug Foshee: I think we have grown the MLP both by dropping assets down and upstreaming cash to El Paso. We’ve also grown the MLP by dropping assets down and upstreaming cash and units to El Paso. So I think our overall goal at the end of the day is to, on the EPB side to maintain really outstanding yields and growth to our investors and on the EP side to illuminate the value of our pipeline franchise.
Craig Shere – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Monroe Helm with Barrow Hanley.
Monroe Helm – Barrow Hanley: Hey, guys. I think you mentioned earlier in the presentation that your cash flow with the E&P Company was 600 million in excess of the cash flow last year. Was that correct?
Jim Yardley: That’s right.
Monroe Helm – Barrow Hanley: And can you give us some guidance on how you see that relationship for 2010?
Doug Foshee: I think what we said was that cash flow after CapEx was $600 million for 2009. So, in essence, the E&P Company at that level was a cash generator for the company.
Monroe Helm – Barrow Hanley: Right.
Doug Foshee:
 :
Monroe Helm – Barrow Hanley: Okay. As we go into 2011 and the spending goes down on the pipeline, should we see that, you still spend your cash flow at the E&P Company or could we expect you to take cash flow on the pipelines and put into it E&P?
Doug Foshee: I think 2011 overall, as we haven’t planned now is much closer to break even. We showed in our Analyst Day at overall, about $500 million in negative free cash for '11. Of course, that’s average for the year, and that changes as you go through the year because we’ve got some big projects coming on in '11 that we get the full year benefit of in 2012. So, I don t know that I would see as we sit here now big free cash generated out of the pipes going into being available to be used in E&P but certainly as you move into the second half of '11 and 2012, that’s when you begin to see the full benefit of the pipeline backlog and pretty significant chunks of free cash flow coming out of business.
Monroe Helm – Barrow Hanley: Okay, thanks for your answers.
Doug Foshee: Thanks, Monroe.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Jonathan Lefebvre with Wells Fargo.
Jonathan Lefebvre – Wells Fargo: Good morning guys, it’s Jonathan Lefebvre from Wells Fargo.
Doug Foshee: Hi, Jonathan.
Jonathan Lefebvre – Wells Fargo: Nice quarter. In terms of shifting back to the E&P, and I appreciate that you are going to press release this second Eagle Ford well, should we expect that you might have this done for this first quarter or should we be thinking about it being potentially a second quarter event?
Doug Foshee: The timing of the announcement, Jonathan?
Jonathan Lefebvre – Wells Fargo: That’s correct.
Doug Foshee: We’re just finishing up the fracking, so we should be within a few weeks be able to get full production test cleaned up post-frac to know we’ve got there. But the frac has gone very well, the drilling went very well, and we were very pleased with what we saw while drilling. So we’re optimistic where we stand today and within a few weeks we will know.
Jonathan Lefebvre – Wells Fargo: Great. And then in terms of the cost per well, is there anything there that you’re seeing that’s encouraging on this first well? It seems like some of the industries talking about some well costs coming down. Is it still kind of in the sites project phase?
Brent Smolik: That’s only our second well, Jonathan, so we’re clearly still piloting in our learning. But the second well, when we moved further north and west was significantly shallower, and so because we had less total measured depth to drill by several thousand feet, we were much close to lower drilling costs in the first well. So we think it will wind up being less than half the cost will be drilling and the other half or greater than half of the costs will be in the completion up in that area. We’re still thinking about kind of $5.5 to $8 million well cost largely dependent on well depth or total measure depth and total completion costs. So, however many stages we settle on and where the service cost trends. So we’re still thinking about them in that $5.5 million to $8 million range.
Jonathan Lefebvre – Wells Fargo: Okay. And then just one follow-up if I may. On the spending in the Eagle Ford, I think you said back at the Analyst Day 62 million for 10 wells. Sounds like you’re thinking about adding a second rig. How many wells and where should we think about the CapEx for this year and can you give us a little color on that?
Brent Smolik: Yes, so, the pick up that second rig it does a few things for us. It gives us an option to be able to keep two rigs run in if we choose to. But we’re not currently contemplating additional capital. We’ll allocate that from elsewhere and likely places it would come would be the traditional vertical, Cotton Valleys, Ark-La-Tex or some of the traditional south Texas gas program and we would shift it over, if it’s just a matter of keeping those two rigs running for the rest of the years we’ll manage it within our total. And again, it will be kind of a game plan call based on the results we get out of our wells and what we see coming from the trend. But we thought there was enough benefit in accelerating our learning for our planning for the rest of the year for the budgeting for next year and even as we think about midstream opportunities in our business.
Jonathan Lefebvre – Wells Fargo: Great. And for 10 wells is still the number or is that number going up as well?
Brent Smolik: 10 wells what we currently have in the capital plan. If we run two rigs for the rest of the year that number would go up and that’s where we’d have to shift capital from elsewhere.
Jonathan Lefebvre – Wells Fargo: Got you. Thanks, guys.
Brent Smolik: Think about accelerating our ten wells in the front half of the year.
Jonathan Lefebvre – Wells Fargo: Understood, okay.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Becca Followill with Tudor Pickering and Holt.
Becca Followill – Tudor Pickering and Holt: Hi, guys. Your production guidance for 2010, what is driving the Delta? And can you help us with how the timing of Brazil factors into it? Is there still uncertainty as to when those wells come on line?
Doug Foshee: As to which ones come on line, Becca?
Becca Followill – Tudor Pickering and Holt: The development.
Doug Foshee: I’m almost gotten to the point, Becca, where I’m thinking of it is just plug like 30 million for international a day annual average. We’ve got enough up and down as they repair the subsea leaks in the program and then we got new wells coming on line, so it s kind of in the guidance we’re thinking of it is kind of 30 million a day annual average impact coming from Brazil.
Becca Followill – Tudor Pickering and Holt: But does it ramp?
Doug Foshee: It will ramp but it will be up and down. Again as they take wells off line to do the subsea repairs and put them back on, especially, in the first half of the year. And it will be kind of more steady state ramp in the second half of the year. So if you’re talking about ramping by quarter, yes. But we should have all three wells on sometime in this first half of the year producing. So what will drive us to the high end of the range in the new guidance we’ve given you would be domestic growth and that would largely be Haynesville and then Eagle Ford if we keep the two rigs running, Altamonte programs got a little bit of growth in it over the year.
Becca Followill – Tudor Pickering and Holt: Thank you. And then you guys have previously mentioned that you expected production to trough in the first quarter, if I remember correctly. And it doesn’t look like that’s the case anymore just given the chart that you showed. Is it fair to -
Brent Smolik: I think I missed it, Becca. Even as we stood out there in December, during the Analyst Day in the discussions we had with everyone that day we didn’t anticipate doing as well as we did for the month of December. We had about four wells or five wells in a row that were all well north of 20 million a day for their initial rates and when we stacked all those up we went out of the year better than we even anticipated in December 9th or 10th or (inaudible) that was. So I think we kind of bottom and you could see them in the chart there about September.
Becca Followill – Tudor Pickering and Holt: Great, thank you, guys.
Doug Foshee: Thanks, Becca.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Shen Lou [ph] with JP Morgan.
Shen Lou – JP Morgan: Good morning. Follow up the previous question on dropping that into the MLP. What’s your thoughts on doing seminary restructuring as Williams essentially dropping over the pipeline and taking back units?
Brent Smolik: Sure. Well, first of all, we have been looking for almost since the IPO or the MLP, for ways to accelerate the growth of the MLP. I’d point out a couple things. One is, remember, we are not motivated in terms of anything we might do by fixing a yield on an MLP because we already have an MLP that trades at one of the lowest yields in the marketplace. Secondly, remember, we have very, very high growth pipeline assets, meaning, we’re spending lots of development capital in our pipeline business today, so it would actually be, in our view, inappropriate to contemplate dropping down all of our pipeline assets into an MLP, given the spending profile we have. And third, remember that we have this $3 billion NOL, which is unique among MLP sponsors that allows us to continue to drop down in a measured pace assets in a very tax efficient way and create a really steady stream of growth in distributions and value to both the MLP unitholders and EPC itself. So, we continue to look at things. We’ve obviously done our own internal analysis of the Williams transaction and how Williams has traded post announcement we’ll continue to follow that.
Shen Lou – JP Morgan: Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Ted Durbin with Goldman Sachs.
Ted Durbin – Goldman Sachs: Hi. Just as you move closer to building Ruby, have you made any progress in terms of contracting the remaining capacity?
Jim Yardley: I think here’s what I would say about that. I think that we have good prospects on the market side as well as in the Rockies, but at the same time, given where the economy is today and the northwest it’s unlikely that we will get subscribers to sign up tomorrow. Likewise, I would say the same thing about Rockies producers. The positive that has happened though, and Doug alluded to this in his opening remarks is that the basis is clearly trading very well in our favor. The west is being perceived more and more as somewhat isolated from all that’s going on with respect to the eastern shales and the basis is trading up very nicely on the west coast at Milan and otherwise. So, we expect when Ruby starts up for nice volumes to be flowing west.
Ted Durbin – Goldman Sachs: Thanks. And then just quickly on hedging, looks like you didn’t add any natural gas hedges for 2011. How are you thinking about kind of the appropriate level to hedge at here? Sounds like with production increasing you are adding rigs, just thing in and sort of cash flow needs. How are you thinking about the hedging profile going forward?
Jim Yardley: This year or next?
Ted Durbin – Goldman Sachs: For 2011, yes.
Jim Yardley: Right now, we’re at 60% with a pretty good floor at the $6 range that we’re looking at. So if we get another window to do more we might contemplate a little more but today that’s probably not even an option.
Ted Durbin – Goldman Sachs: Okay, great, thanks a lot.
Doug Foshee: Thanks, you all.
Bruce Connery: That concludes our call. We appreciate your interest. If you have other questions, please follow up. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-11-04 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Cynthia and I will be your conference operator. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the El Paso Corporation Third Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. I would now like to turn today's call over to Bruce Connery, Vice President of Investor and Media Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Bruce Connery: Good morning and thank you for joining our call. In just a moment I'll turn the call over to Doug Foshee, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of El Paso. Others with us this morning who will be participating in the call are Mark Leland, Chief Financial Officer, Jim Yardley, President of our Pipeline Group and Brent Smolik, President of El Paso Exploration, Production Company. Throughout this call we will be referring to slides available on our website at elpaso.com. Yesterday we issued a press release and filed it with the SEC as an 8-K and is also on our website. During this call we will include certain forward-looking statements and projections. The company has made every reasonable effort to ensure that the information and assumptions on which these statements and projections are based are current, reasonable, and complete. However, a variety of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the statements and projections expressed in this call. Those factors are identified under cautionary statements regarding forward-looking statement section of our earnings press release as well as in other of our SEC filings and you should refer to them. The company assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements made during this conference call, nor any other forward-looking statements made by the company, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Please note that during the call we'll use non-GAAP numbers such as EBIT and EBITDA and we have included a reconciliation of all non-GAAP numbers in the appendix to our presentation. I will now turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Foshee: Thanks, Bruce, and good morning. I want to begin my comments this morning by revisiting a slide that we presented at the beginning of the year as our goals for each business unit and for the company as a whole and provide you with my assessment of where we are against those goals as we close out the year. For the overall company, our primary goal was to build financial strength by maximizing liquidity and maintaining the investment grade ratings for our pipes. By doing these things, we hope to improve our credit metrics. As we sit here in November we're ahead of our expectations for these measures in every respect. We ended the quarter with $2.4 billion in liquidity. We got there by using many of the corporate finance tools available to us. $1.3 billion in financings, $200 million in drops into the MLP and $300 million in asset sales. These actions combined with outstanding operating performance at the business units give us lots of flexibility as we enter 2010. We're adding to that flexibility with the announcements we made yesterday regarding our own cost reduction exercises as well as a reduction in the dividend and I will talk more about the rationale for those actions in a minute. But the outcome of these efforts helps us achieve another key objective and that's to increase our long-term return on capital and our profitability. The combination of these measures as well as lower DD&A rate has given us the ability to increase guidance for 2009 to the $1.15 to $1.20 a share on an adjusted basis. We also increased both the volumes and duration of our hedge portfolio this year giving us much greater downside protection through 2010 and 2011, in addition to providing greater certainty around our ability to fund maintenance an growth capital in what are now free business units. Our goals for the pipelines aren't overly complex. Construct our backlog and bring it in on time and on budget creating significant incremental EBITDA in the process. Continue to look for the right opportunities to leverage the strength of our existing franchise to meet the ongoing needs of our customers for new infrastructure and finish our industry leading pipeline integrity program. So far so good on all fronts. Our execution story remains intact with four more projects this year put in service on time and on budget. Three more projects will come on stream by the end of 2010 and we expect them to be on time and on budget. And our current view is that the remainder of our backlog is in great shape. We believe our execution capability is a key differentiator for El Paso overall. We continue to put resources, training, and management attention into ensuring that we continuously improve in this area. And he we look forward to reporting continued progress to you. By the end of this year we expect to have completed 86% of our efforts to make every on shore pipeline six inches in diameter or larger, in-line inspect able or pick able. You may recall that this has been a multiyear effort requiring about $75 million in capital spending a year and we're on track to complete this within our originally stated deadline of 2012. We entered into an exciting partnership with GIP on Ruby, another key objective. As you will hear from Jim in a few minutes, our financial performance was ahead of plan. And we continue to see opportunities for growth in the emerging unconventional gas fairways by virtue of our incumbent positions. Our goals for E&P at the beginning of the year were much more defensive in nature. We wanted to limit capital spending to those areas that worked in a very low commodity price environment and avoid spending capital as much as possible until costs came down in line with the drop in commodity prices. And we wanted to allocate resources not being used for drilling as we took rigs down from a peak of close to 30, to five at the low point, to high grading, preserving and then growing our inventory. So far our E&P team is having the best year since I've been with the company. Domestic production is ahead of plan despite spending less capital. Our performance in the Haynesville is top quartile and we have many years of drilling ahead of us. We're growing our Altamonte activity at a measured pace given our position there at a relative health of oil prices and the team has done a great job of bringing costs down in all areas. An outcome of all this is a continuing shift in our capital spending, our production, our proved reserves, our inventory and to lower risk more repeatable prospects that generate better returns at lower natural gas prices. Another outcome of the reduction in activity, continued focus on cost, great domestic production performance in our price risk management activities is that in 2009 E&P has been a significant cash flow contributor to the company overall. The E&P team has also continued to build inventory and in places that are strategically important to El Paso overall. With continued delineation in the Haynesville, we've added significantly to our proved and unproved inventory this year. We now have over 5300 total and 270 Haynesville locations to drill the deepest multiyear inventory we've ever had and that total doesn't yet have any Eagle Ford wells in it. In Egypt, early success in our South Alamein block bodes well for our over 1.5 million net acres in the western desert. Our second well on that block tested 1700 barrels a day un-stimulated, so we're very encouraged about our drilling program there and our ability to add quality oil oriented projects to our inventory. And finally we've accumulated over 112,000 acres in the emerging Eagle Ford shale play from a dead start a year ago. While it's still very early days there we're encouraged by the results so far of our first well. We announced yesterday that the well was producing over $6 million a day at over 5000 psi and still cleaning up. Today the well is up to 7 million a day and this well has only been on a few days so we expect it to continue to improve. In combination, our inventory in the Haynesville, the Eagle Ford and Egypt, all new over the last year, have changed the face of our E&P business in a dramatic way. Finally, on the international development front, though it came on much later in the year than we had hoped, Camarupim is now producing over 90 million a day from one well and we look forward to the balance of the producing wells coming on in the coming months. One thing that wasn't in our publicly stated goals at the beginning of the year was our re-entry into the midstream business but this should come at no surprise as we've talked many times over the last several years about looking for opportunities in what we've referred to as the white space between our E&P and pipeline business. We think now is the right time to begin to leverage the existing footprints of our E&P and pipeline business. On the slide, you will see the existing skill sets that give us the confidence to take this step. We've been in this business before and we were successful. It's a natural adjunct to what we already do and in some circumstances we think there are enough synergies to have a combined outcome that's better than the sum of the parts. But in simple terms, we intend to leverage our existing physical footprint and leverage an existing set of competencies to generate projects that we believe will produce very attractive risk-adjusted returns to our investors. But while we do intend to leverage those things, what we don't intend to do is increase leverage on our balance sheet to do it. And we intend to walk into this business, not run. We have a strategy, we have focus areas and we have a talented team of professionals that we've put on the task, led by Mark Leland. This is a long-term strategy driven by the items I've just alluded to. I expect that most of the capital committed to this business overtime will be for organic growth. That's certainly our primary focus. But acquisitions are a possibility to the extent they fit strategically with our existing footprint and fit with our balance sheet constraints. Now I would like to spend a few minutes talking about the actions that were announced yesterday. We kicked off a project in early spring designed to improve our cost structure, improve our execution capability, further consolidate and standardize shared service functions, improve our organizational health and improve our overall returns and therefore our performance for our investors and we think we've done just that. We asked a committed group of employees divided into 12 opportunity teams to come up with a plan to accomplish these goals. Project insight, as its known internally, will result in $150 million in annual savings, net of the cost of implementation. The savings come from a myriad of places within and outside the organization. Workforce reductions in certain areas, contractor reductions, and leveraging the total company spend covered by our supply-chain management professionals, to name just a few. In addition, we expect to sell $300 million to $500 million in assets in 2010 as we continue to optimize the overall portfolio. This is in line with actions we've taken over the last several years as a result of continually reviewing the strategic fit of each of our assets under changing circumstances. And we announced a reduction on the dividend payable on EP common stock resulting in a $112 million in annual savings. We have, today, the best set of organic growth opportunities that we've ever had had. And we're confident in our ability to execute on them to produce risk adjusted returns that yield significant benefits to our shareholders. We think these opportunities offer greater long-term rewards to our investors at the margin than the after-tax returns on a larger dividend. We didn't make this choice easily or without considerable discussion and debate at the management team and the board level. And the reduction in our own internal costs are meant to show that we're willing to take out internal costs that far exceed what we're asking our shareholders to allow us to retain. The combination of these actions will yield improved long-term performance across the board. Our goal wasn't just to lower costs, though. Our goal was to position ourselves to win. To that end, we've realigned the organization to more effectively respond to the opportunities we see in front of us. Some of these changes are public, like Mark taking on the responsibility of building our new midstream business and giving J.R. Sult and Dane Whitehead new and important leadership positions. Most of them, though, aren't public, but they're equally as important. We've put people in leadership positions and new organizational structures in each business unit and in every shared services area. This is a continuation of a management development and succession planning process that we began building several years ago. It's an area that doesn't show up in quarterly earnings releases, but it's what we believe will separate the winners from the (Inaudible) over the long-term, and we intend to win the war on talent. So we think this combination of actions will lead to long-term out performance by improving our cost structure, improving our execution capabilities and improving the long-term organizational health of the company. With that I will turn it over to Mark and come back at the end to wrap up.
Mark Leland: Thank you, Doug, and good mornings everybody. I'm starting on slide 14. As both business units are performing as well as I can remember, and it's showing in their financial and in operating results. We're reporting adjusted earnings per share of $0.23 compared to adjusted earnings per share of 0.35 for the third quarter of last year. I'll cover the adjustments in the next slide. Reported earnings per share for the quarter was $0.08. Key drivers affecting the third quarter earnings were lower commodity prices offset by lower costs in the E&P segment and higher pipeline EBIT. Compared to the same period last year natural gas prices on our physical sales were down 65%. And even after factoring in our strong hedge position gas prices are down 15%. Offsetting the lower commodity prices was pipeline EBIT which was up 17%. Jim and Brent will provide more color on business unit performance. The items impacting the earnings this quarter are fairly small individually and are highlighted on slide 15. The first adjusted item is the ceiling test charge in Egypt on the South Mariut portion of our acreage. This totaled $5 million or $0.01 per share. The second item is a $6 million pre-tax or $0.01 per share, non-cash mark-to-market loss on the legacy power book primarily due to lower interest rates. The third item is mark-to-market loss on the legacy natural gas book totaling $14 million pre-tax or $0.01 per share, also due to lower interest rates. The fourth item is a $16 million pre-tax loss primarily associated with an obligation related to environmental remediation of a non-operating legacy chemical plant. Finally, we're adjusting for the impact of the hedging in the E&P segment. This totaled $118 million pre-tax or $0.11 per share. The adjustment consists of the exclusion of $87 million mark-to-market gain of financial derivatives and the add-back of $205 million of cash settlements in the quarter. Making these adjustments brings adjusted EPS to $0.23. Not included in the $0.23 is a $0.04 benefit associated with the early settlement of our well hedges, which we realized in the first quarter. Adjusting for this benefit would bring adjusted EPS to $0.27. The $0.04 represents the amount that would have been recognized this quarter if those hedges would have remained in place. Slide 16 highlights our business unit contribution. On a combined basis our pipeline and E&P business generated $616 million in EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA of $799 million, both before ceiling test charges. Marketing recorded an EBIT loss of $28 million. And I'll provide more detail of that in a minute. Power EBITDA was a loss of $8 million due to foreign exchange currency losses and the tax continues to be at the Bolivia to Brazil pipeline, which we own about 8%. Corporate EBITDA was a loss of $17 million due primarily to the environmental remediation charge I noted on the previous slide. There's a chart in the appendix that provides all the relevant details for the adjusted EBITDA calculation. Marketing segment results are summarized on slide 17, and you can see the book continues to strengthen its contracts roll off, which means a smaller and less volatile impact on this segment. As I mentioned last quarter we'll likely move this slide to appendix again next year. The primary driver of the marketing EBIT this quarter was mark-to-market losses due to lower discount rates and credit adjustments due to tightened credit spreads. I'll now turn in to cash flow on slide 18. Our cash flow from operations for the first nine months was just under $1.8 billion compared to a little over $2 billion last year in a much stronger price environment. Year-to-date CapEx including smaller acquisitions was $2.1 billion. We generated $303 million in divestiture proceeds and dividends were $133 million. So year-to-date we're about $170 million free cash flow negative despite large pipeline growth CapEx. Key drivers in our cash flow position so far this year has been our flexibility around E&P CapEx and our hedge positions. As you'll see in the next slide, year-to-date E&P generated $1.26 billion of adjusted EBITDA and $95 million of divestiture proceeds while spending only $740 million on CapEx and acquisitions or total contribution to free cash flow of $616 million. We're making progress on the Ruby financing, which is highlighted on slide 19. We've asked all three rating agencies to rate the Ruby debt. We're cautiously optimistic that Ruby will be related investment grade during the construction phase. We're confident Ruby will be related investment grade once it begins operations. We anticipate Ruby will be capitalized about 50% debt, 50% equity and expect debt to be about $1.4 billion. Given the current state of the bank financing market we believe a significant portion of the financing will be traditional bank, construction, project financing debt with the remainder coming from project bonds and private debt. Interest from potential lenders is high as we would expect given the quality of the review projects. One benefit of a partner like GIP is how well their group of relationship augments what we consider our traditional group of relationship things. The result of a combined effort for financing will be more efficiently priced and effectively executed financing. We expect to syndicate and close the financing in the first half of 2010 concurrent with the start of construction. Our natural gas hedge position through 2011 is summarized on slide 20. They are about 70% of our remaining 2009 domestic gas or just over $9 per MMBtu. In addition, if we produce the same volume in 2010 as in 2011 as we will in 2009, we'd be approximately 75% hedged with a floor of $6.41, with a ceiling of $7.24 in 2010. And in 2011 we'd be approximately 60% collared with a floor of $6 and a ceiling of $8.66. These positions haven't changed since last quarter. On the oil side, we have 85% of our remaining 2009 oil hedged at [$56.84] per barrel. Remember we sold our $110 oil swaps in the first quarter for $187 million. In the third quarter we added oil hedges at a floor of $74.63 for about 60% of our 2010 production assuming its flat in 2009. All of these positions look pretty good in relationship to today's board strip. If we're wrong on the price we have plenty of up side with our ceilings and unhedged production but more importantly the significant downside prediction in the event belong to lowered natural gas prices. On liquidity which is highlighted on slide 21 remains strong. We closed the quarter with $2.4 billion in liquidity compared to $2.3 billion at the end of last quarter. We expect to end the year with liquidity at $1.6 to $1.7 billion range, which should be sufficient to carry us well into 2010. To wrap up, we continue to generate strong earnings and cash flow from our core business. And liquidity is strong. We made progress advancing the Ruby financing. In addition, our hedge program coupled with our stable pipeline earnings gives us a nice base of earnings and cash flow for the next several years, even at a low gas price environment. All in all, we're in excellent position to deliver the growth associated with our pipeline backlog and take advantage of a growing opportunity set in the E&P business. So with that I'll turn it over to Jim for a pipeline update.
Jim Yardley: Thanks Mark. Our Pipeline Group continues to deliver. Financially, we had another strong quarter. We also settled a major rate case at SNG. As Doug said we continue to execute on our backlog of growth projects. We placed two more projects in service on time and on budget since last quarter's call. And we're on track to do the same on another $1 billion of projects to go in service next year. And we're continuing to see very real opportunities to add significant new projects to the backlog. Slide 24 reviews our financials for the quarter. Our third quarter EBIT of $326 million is an increase of $48 million. 17% over third quarter 2008. The EBIT increase was driven primarily by higher revenues from several expansions. These include the Medicine Bow expansion in the Rockies, CIG's High Plains and Totem Storage projects, and TGPs Carthage expansion. Also importantly operating costs were lower year-to-year both in the field and in the office. Third quarter EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA for our 50% interest in citrus are both are both up by similar amounts. CapEx of over $1.2 billion year-to-date is comprised of nearly $1 billion spent on our growth projects with the remainder devoted to maintenance capital. The increase from 2008 is due primarily to higher backlog spending mostly on Elba Express and Ruby. So very strong third quarter and year-to-date results for the Pipeline Group. On slide 25, we show our year-to-date throughput on the pipelines. Overall we've seen a 2% decrease in throughput, lower demand, primarily related to the economic slowdown has more than offset expansions, mostly in the Rockies. On TGP, throughput declined primarily due to the very mild weather in the northeast and to a lesser extent declines in supply area volumes in Texas and Louisiana. On SNG, industrial demand is down, but we see signs of it stabilizing and perhaps increasing a little bit more recently. Power gen loads on SNG have been quite strong due to the warmer summer in the southeast, but also displacement of coal use, particularly early in the year. EP&G throughput has declined in both Arizona and California due to the economy, the start-up of a competitor's lateral into Phoenix and low injection rates in the storage in California after a weak winter withdrawal season. In the Rockies the expansions that increase throughput or the high plains expansion into Denver that went in service last November, also the wick Medicine Bow expansion out of Powder River. On slide 26, we achieved a major milestone with the settlement of the SNG rate case. This is a very good outcome for us and for our customers. We maintained solid regulated returns and get contracts extensions through mid 2013 and our customers have rate certainty through at least September 2012. The settlement is uncontested. It's been filed with FERC by the ALJ and we expect FERC approval in early 20 10. We have an obvious preference for settling rate cases across our pipes to avoid the cost, time and uncertainty of litigation. Settlements allow us to quickly get back to the business of providing our customers the very best service, also growing our business with them. On slide 27, we update this last slide quarterly for your reference. It shows the size and plant and service date for each project. The backlog is a diverse set of projects that provides us with substantial and known growth for our pipes. In total, the backlog is approximately 90% subscribed with long-term contracts with mostly investment grade customers. And these projects will provide solid regulated-like returns. So this continues to be a very nice picture. And on slide 28, we're executing very well to bring the backlog projects in service on time and on budget. Here's our recent record. Since January of 2008, we've placed in service now nine projects totaling $400 million net to El Paso and done so within 3% of budget. Two of these went on service. The Piceance Expansion, on the Rockies and our expansion on TGPs line into New Hampshire, which entered service last week for KeySpan on time for the winter heating season. We'll place in service another billion dollars of projects throughout 2010 and these projects shown here are far enough along that we can say with some confidence that we fully expect them to be on-time and on budget. And so we're executing very well. Slide 29, shows steady progress in advancing our large projects that go in service in 2011. On Ruby, we received a favorable preliminary determination from FERC on certain commercial terms. This helps advance the financing of Ruby. We expect to receive the final environmental impact statement before year end, which will be a major mile stone, and the FERC certificate is expected in the first quarter. We'll then start construction next spring. FTT phase 8 is on a similar schedule. We just received the final EIS and we expect the FERC certificate this month. And we just received the FERC certificate on SNGs next south system expansion. We also ordered pipe for it at a favorable price and we'll start construction early next year. At Gulf LNG, our new terminal in Pascagoula, the roofs have now been raised on both storage tanks and construction is on schedule. Finally on TGP Line 300, we just executed a unit price contract for that pipeline installation. Unit price contracts have substantially more cost certainty than traditional time and materials contracts. So across the board while the projects shown here have ways to go we continue to make good progress. Progress on the regulatory front, progress in contracting for pipe and installation to de-risk the projects and in the case of Gulf LNG, progress on its construction. Finally, on slide 30, we continue to see additional growth opportunities. This slide shows what's going on in the northeast on TGP? You're aware of the Line 300 expansion for equitable. We'll expand the 300 line by 340 a day, all for equitable under a 15 year agreement, primarily to move their Appalachian gas in Kentucky and West Virginia to northeast markets. In addition, as we mentioned on last quarter's call, we're benefiting from a substantial ramp-up in Marcellus activity in northeast Pennsylvania. 200 a day is now flowing into TGP there, that steadily increased from essentially nothing at the beginning of the year. We've also executed back haul agreements with producers. This FT ramps up over time such that by 2012, will provide with us $40 to $50 million in annual revenues. This back haul business has required no new capital. And we are clearly well placed for forward haul expansion out of Marcellus as production continues to ramp up. This is an example of future growth opportunities on our existing pipeline network, a network, which is well positioned in many of the best markets, and supply basins and with deep connectivity into these markets. So, in summary, the pipes are delivering. Our financial performance is strong. We're executing on our backlog of growth projects and see the probability for more. And now I will turn it over to Brent.
Brent Smolik: Thanks, Jim and good morning, everyone. I'm going to start this morning on slide 33, we had another very good quarter executing on our capital programs and our domestic operations. During the quarter we continued to focus our capital on the most economic programs by adding two rigs to our Haynesville shale program and one to the Altamonte oil program. We operated between six and ten rigs in Q3 with the Haynesville activity the highlight of our results. The cost side of our business looks good. Domestic cost per unit continue to come down even though our production was lower in the third quarter than the second and we continue to drive down our drilling and completion costs across the programs. We still expect to come in at about a billion dollars of capital, which is several hundred million dollars below where we expected to be for the year at the beginning of this year. As you know, the Petrobras operated Camarupim project in Brazil has experienced numerous delays this year, but the first well is now producing at over 90 million day and that impact, the delay that will cost us about a $40 to 45 million day gap in our 2009 annual average production. The good news is that our domestic drilling program has performed extremely well and we've been able to essentially offset the Camarupim shortfall. We're on track to deliver our annual production target in spite of the Camarupim delays and in spite of spending less domestic CapEx than we had planned. On page 34, I will review the third quarter financial results. Third quarter EBITDA was well behind a year ago but that was mostly due to price. Our third quarter realized gas price excluding the derivative settlements was $3.32 per m versus $9.58 a year ago and including our derivatives it gets closer at 737 per m versus $8.67 a year ago. Third quarter volumes including our interest in four star averaged $732 million a day which reflects our lower level of drilling activity, especially in the Gulf Coast parts of our business. As Mark noted E&P is contributing significantly to free cash flow. Adjusted EBITDA plus divestiture proceeds totaled a little over $1.35 billion for the first nine months which is over $600 million more than the $740 million that we've spent on capital and acquisitions so far this year. On slide 35 we show the last five quarters of production. As you can see from the green and yellow bars, that's our western and central divisions, which comprise most of our resource based programs have held up very well. On the right side of the page is a blowup of those two divisions going back to 2005 and the trend demonstrates the continuation of the on shoring and de-risking of our capital programs. Volumes from the central and western regions now account for about 63% of our total production and at the current CapEx levels; you will see that trend of growing on shore relative to the Gulf Coast division. On slide 36, we show the per-unit cash costs, we've changed this chart a little bit because the story on lifting, unit lifting cost is much better than the Q3 numbers indicate stand alone. The total unit LOE went from $0.61 in the second quarter to $0.77 a unit in the third quarter. But $0.19 of that was from the startup and the commissioning costs associated with Camarupim that we expensed when the project came on-line in this quarter. Domestic LOE is the bottom green bars, actually went down by $0.03 per unit even though production was counsel from the second quarter. And that's a cost trend that we're very proud of and one that we expect to maintain going forward. Slide 37 lists a few key recent third quarter accomplishments. Since our last call we successfully drilled and production tested a well in Egypt in the southernmost South Alamein block. We've ramped up our domestic drilling program to eight to nine rigs. Given the positive results of our Haynesville program, we've taken it from the two rigs to five rigs, and we expect to maintain a five to six rig program going into 2010. We've completed six Haynesville wells since the second quarter call with an average initial rate of greater than $16 million a day. And given higher oil prices we've added a second rig to our Altamonte program, and we've been running a rig or two recently in south Texas. One of those South Texas rigs drilled our first Eagle Ford well. And in Q3 we've almost doubled our acreage position in the Eagle Ford. And I will expand on all those topics in the next few slides. On slide 38, 30-day IP rates for the first 11 Haynesville wells. And they're shown in chronological drilling order from left to right. Not included on this slide, we have another four wells that are producing but have been on for less than 30 days. So they're not included here. We've clearly continued to improve the initial producing rates during 2009 as we continue to optimize the completion designs for our Haynesville wells. On slide 39, we show our Haynesville gross production trend year-to-date and for the rest of the year. Below the charts you can see the progression and the number of rigs that we had operating from one early in the year to five rigs from September through the remainder of the year. The impact of the ramp-up is really apparent in the fourth quarter. Our gross volume should be well north of $100 million day, and our net volumes will be in the 60% to 65% range of that gross total. Although the shale wells do decline steeply, the cumulative production is significant, and a large part of the reason that our domestic volumes are ahead of plan in spite of us spending less CapEx than we originally budgeted. The next two slides show the significant learning curve improvement of our Haynesville program. Slide 40 demonstrates the reduction in costs and cycle times that we've achieved in the program through improved drilling and completion designs and reductions in service and supply costs. These savings have come even as we've increased the length of the laterals and we've increased the number of frac stages in the wells. The next slide highlights the improvements on the rates and reserve per well. The improvement in the reserves reflects those longer laterals and better frac stimulations but also reflects the quality of the Haynesville and the area that we refer to as the Greater Holly area, which is sort of the center of De Soto parish, where the bulk of our acreage is concentrated. And although we're not showing peer data on this slide, we believe that our Greater Holly area well performances best in class for the Haynesville. Now turning to slide 42. Hopefully you've seen the results of our first Eagle Ford well in La Salle County, Texas. We drilled this well with just over a 4000 for lateral and we completed it with 16 stages. And we're real-time testing the well as we speak. We're not at the point yet of having a 24-hour state test rate but the well is currently producing about $7 million a day of gas, and we're still making frac water and so the well is still cleaning up. So we're very encouraged about the shale potential in this area. The wells in the area that we refer to as dry gas area for the Eagle Ford play. And as you see on the map we also have acreage in the area where we expect to have condensate production as well. In September, we announced that we had about 60,000 net acres in the play. We've continued to lease and we now hold 112,000 net acres in the trend. Our total resource potential here is comparable to the Haynesville with more than a Tcf of net risked resources. We are going to start slow here with a one-rig program. We still have a lot to learn but it's clear that our Haynesville experience is going to be valuable and we're transferring those learnings to this program just as fast as possible. Slide 43 is an update on Brazil. As I mentioned earlier, that the first well at Camarupim is producing approximately $90 million a day, which is about $20 million a day net to El Paso. The field produced briefly in September but there were some problems with the dehydration facilities on the FPSO. That problem wasn't corrected until October, and so we've only recently been realizing these volumes in our year-to-date numbers. As a reminder this is a gas field with the gas price index to oil prices. So as the field production increases, we'll be marginally increasing our exposure to higher oil prices. The current estimate from Petrobas has the second and third wells on line in early next year. Although the start-up was delayed, the first well has been producing at a very high-end of our expectations, both for gas and for condensate rates, which is positive for the overall project returns. On the E&P operated side, we continue to make progress on permitting of the Pinauna development project. We're nearing a public comment period on the development plan, which we anticipate will go well. As summarized on slide 44, we've now drilled three wells in our South Alamein Block in Egypt. The first well found oil with pay on logs and we recovered live oil samples. We flow tested the second well at very attractive un-stimulated rate of more than 1700 barrels a day. We then drilled a third well approximately 80 kilometers away at the far west end of our block and tested a separate play which fortunately was not successful. Now we're going to have some dry holes here but it's still a great risk/reward proposition. Remember we're targeting oil. The dry hole costs are relatively load low and the resource sizes can be material based on the discoveries on trend in the western desert. Now we can't even declare our first two well commercial discoveries until we further delineate the area but we're highly encouraged by our results to-date. We'll drill a fourth well in the South Alamein block this year and we will likely continue drilling in the block in 2010. So I'll wrap up on slide 45 as Doug and Mark both mentioned we're having a really good year in E&P. Our domestic program is performing very well. And we're managing our capital effectively and we're putting it to work in the three programs that have the very best economics in the current gas price environment. We're benefiting from a deflationary environment but a lot of our progress on the capital and the cash cost front is a result of the efforts of our E&P staff. And I really appreciate the creative ways they've found to lower our cost structure in this cycle. And although we've not shown any details today, we've been focused on cataloging our future drilling locations and we have grown our inventory significantly since the beginning of the year. So I'll look forward to seeing many of you on our December 10 Analyst Day and giving you a more detailed update on our E&P progress. So thanks and I will now turn the call back to Doug.
Doug Foshee: Thanks, Brent. We're getting close to wrapping up 2009 and I'm very proud of the performance by both business units. Given the overall economic backdrop, there has never been a time where execution was more important, and I'm really pleased with how our team has responded. We've asked them to husband resources, cut capital, cut costs, and at the same time keep their eye on the longer term and continue to prosecute our existing growth initiatives as well as continue to identify new opportunities. And it's not just the Haynesville or the Eagle Ford, which are very public. The opportunities in our pipeline business aren't over, and we continue to see opportunities to serve our customers in new ways as the growth in unconventional gas around the country leads to new midstream and pipeline infrastructure needs for our customers. The steps we announced last night are important in terms of building our financial flexibility, protecting our credit profile and putting us in a better position to deliver on our growth opportunities. I hope that we've convinced you as we've convinced ourselves that we're taking these steps because of positive things that are happening at El Paso. We look forward to sharing our 2010 plan and the strategies for our businesses at our December 10 Analyst Day meeting in New York. We're still in the process of finalizing that plan but here are a few things will you hear. Not surprisingly our 2010 capital program will be larger in 2009, driven almost exclusively by committed pipeline growth capital and the actions we've taken already give us a great running start at funding that growth. About half our E&P capital or more next year will go to a combination of Haynesville, Eagle Ford and Altamonte. Overall capital in E&P will be consistent with spending levels this year, so given the mix change, we should see continued improvement in overall capital efficiency. I hope this gives you some sense for how our capital is shaping up for 2010. We look forward to taking a deeper dive with you in December and hope that you will join us in New York or on the webcast. Before I turn it over to your questions this morning though I'd like to take the speakers' prerogative and publicly acknowledge Mark for the tremendous contribution that he's made to company as our CFO during a particularly eventful and important period in our company's existence. I couldn't be more thrilled that Mark will be leading the charge for our re-entry into the midstream business, a business that he knows so well. I look forward to watching Mark and his team create value for the El Paso shareholders going forward. And finally, I want to officially welcome J.R. Sult and Dane Whitehead to the executive team. You both have big shoes to fill. I'd like to open it up and answer your questions. I'm sorry we've gone a little long this morning but we had a lot to say. And I'd like to ask you if you would to limit yourself to two questions. If you have more, jump back in the queue, and we'll take them later, if we have time we'll take them offline.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Carl Kirst with BMO Capital Markets.
Carl Kirst: First off, just a clarification, as I was writing everything down. At the very end when you were saying about the 2010 capital program on E&P you said half is going to go to Haynesville, Eagle Ford, Altamonte. Did you follow that up by saying, overall, it should be basically the same level as 2009? Did I hear that correct?
Doug Foshee: I said consistent, which means pretty close to the same.
Carl Kirst: The real question that I wanted to ask also on the CapEx and maybe this is a little bit too much into the 2010 guidance. But as we sort of look at the potential now, we've got perhaps more opportunities coming in midstream, Jim mentioned other opportunities might be coming their way, perhaps some of that in Florida. But as we've now kind of taken these additional moves what do you think is perhaps the CapEx program that if we saw more opportunities coming to you guys? What do you think the CapEx you could support without jeopardizing your ratings? Is that something you can answer?
Doug Foshee: I think we'll be able to support easily the 2010 capital plan that we're going to show you on December 10. I think you should think about as I mentioned that the outset, think about our midstream strategy as a very long-term strategy for us. It is something that we have wanted to do for some time. We think now is the time to begin to do it. But you shouldn't think about that as necessarily causing significant capital needs over and above what we were planning to spend in 2010. And you ought to think about, while we have lots of, we think, opportunities in front of us, for more infrastructure needs for our customers, I would anticipate most of that capital would be more like 2011, 2012 and beyond and so after we've hit this what we have said previously as our big capital spending year in the pipes in 2010 and then we've said we're going to be relatively consistent year-over-year with capital spending in E&P though because we continue to see a mix shift, meaning more capital in places like Haynesville, we should continue to see improvements in the capital efficiency of that spending.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Faisel Khan with Citigroup.
Faisel Khan: I got a question on the Eagle Ford, talked about risk/resource potential 1.1 TCS at first well looks like it's doing pretty well. What kind of decline rate assumption are you guys taking into that risk resource? Similar to the Haynesville or something else?
Brent Smolik: Faisal this is Brent. Because the completion designs are quite similar, we're getting kind of the similar size and fracs and a similar number, we did a couple more here than we have been. The reservoir is not that different, characteristics, so we're thinking of them as very similar until we know something different, in terms of the profile. These will start at a lower rate probably than our best Haynesville wells but the profile will be very similar.
Faisel Khan: Just from a broader perspective, in terms of priority of capital, operating cash flow and including the potential proceeds from your asset sales, what's the could you prioritize paying down debt, spending capital and E&P pipeline also expanding your midstream operations, how would you guys prioritize that? And the follow-up to that on the dividend side too to be fair to say that the dividend cut is kind of a temporary sort of issue and we'll come back to it later?
Brent Smolik: Well, let me try to start sort of at the beginning of that comment. You will not see, as a result of what you know is a big capital spending year for us in the pipeline business in 2010, combined with plus or minus a billion dollars in capital spending in E&P in 2010, you won't see any debt reduction from us in 2010, right. So our ability to significantly de-lever the balance sheet starts to come into play post 2010. As we get into that arena where the growth capital is largely been spent, of the current backlog in the pipeline business, then we begin to have new sets of opportunities that could be changing the company long term and decisions to make about the trade-off between debt reductions and dividend increases.
Faisel Khan: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks for the time. I will jump back in line.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rebecca Followill of Tudor Pickering.
Rebecca Followill: Back to the dividend, question in capital discipline investors in part like dividends because they provide a choke on capital discipline. So are you guys maybe in December going to talk some more about what your criteria is for returns, the capital discipline process, the capital allocation process, so that there's some reassurance that as you spend, that it is adding value down the road?
Doug Foshee: Yeah, we don't walk away from December 10, having done that I'll consider that a disappointment.
Rebecca Followill: So we can look for that in December?
Doug Foshee: Yes, again.
Rebecca Followill: Following up on that also, I know you guys walked through liquidity and things look really good, but again, whenever someone cuts the dividend and I know you guys are seeing those opportunities, you want some reassurance that it is for that opportunity. So you guys feel comfortable from your liquidity position, there's not a concern; there's not something else that's kind of in the weeds that we should be worried about?
Doug Foshee: I'm not sure I understand the nature of the question. It should come as no surprise to our investors that 2010 is a year when we will outspend the cash flow generating capabilities of the company. So the question really is what's the most prudent way to fund that? We made some really difficult decisions internally. The outcome of which was project insight, which will give us $150 million head-start on that. We also made the decision that spending the marginal dollar on investing in our business versus a hire dividend made sense. We think that's the right thing to do for our shareholders. We wanted, though, there is some symmetry around the fact that we hope in the eyes of our investors that we made hard decisions about internal ways to generate that cash flow first and in fact, we're going to take more costs out of the business internally, significantly more than we're asking our investors to allow us to keep in the form of a dividend.
Rebecca Followill: So you didn't understand the question, but you answered it anyway, so thank you, Doug.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Lefebvre with Wells Fargo.
Jonathan Lefebvre: On the maintenance CapEx for the E&P program, if I remember correctly, I believe it was about $1 billion in 2009 to hold production flat. Any sense for where that might be next year with services costs coming down and what you think maintenance CapEx might be?
Brent Smolik: Jonathan, the biggest shift we're seeing in the 09 to 10 efficiencies I think will come from the portfolio shifts as much as it will from additional CapEx savings from the supply side. So as we move more capital to Haynesville type wells with hire rates then that will be what most improves our year-over-year efficiencies. So we're going to be kind of in the same neighborhood, slightly improved this year versus next year versus this.
Jonathan Lefebvre: So if I heard you correctly, maintenance CapEx is about what it was in 09?
Doug Foshee: It depends on, if you call maintenance CapEx keeping volumes flat and ignore reserve growth, I think the thing that will change that has changed in our business, is our dollars, our capital efficiencies going up. Therefore, you should see the portfolio F&D costs come down, therefore you should see more reserve growth at a given level of spending.
Brent Smolik: And that's a trend we expect to continue.
Jonathan Lefebvre: One more, if I may. On the $300 to $500 million of asset sales is that inclusive of potential drop-downs or is that on top of potential drop-downs to the MLP? I just want a point of clarity on that.
Brent Smolik: I think we've clearly identified some assets in our portfolio that make sense to sell. We will also evaluate the opportunity set for drop downs. So the extent we do drop downs you know we clearly read the higher even exceeding that asset sales.
Jonathan Lefebvre: So that's on top of.
Doug Foshee: Yeah, it could be.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of (inaudible) with JP Morgan.
Unidentified Analyst: Can you give us an update for your exploratory activities in Brazil? It looks like Petrobras reported an ore discovery he in the Potiguar block. You have some interest in. Can you give us an update on that?
Brent Smolik: They did announce that, I think it's on A&P website there. There are two blocks up in that area that were pure exploratory blocks that we have relinquished earlier this year one of those was official last month, one will be this month. So we are not in that well even though it's still showing us as a current participant in the concession we are not in that well. And I think what they have announced is a technical discovery. I don't think there's been any announcement about commerciality.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of (Inaudible).
Unidentified Analyst: Great news on the various cost cutting efforts and the Eagle Ford acreage. I wanted to ask about the SNG rate case settlement. I was just wondering what kind of earnings impact that's expected to have going forward.
Jim Yardley: Our rate base increased as a result of primarily of a lot of hurricane repairs in the Gulf of Mexico, and the earnings power of that is in the range of $10 million to $15 million in EBIT.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lasan Johong of RBC Capital Markets.
Lasan Johong: Doug, if the dividend cut is somewhat temporary, i.e. a year, maybe two years. Why make the decision to cut it and not sell additional assets or do more drop-downs to balance out the CapEx needs?
Doug Foshee: You bring up a good point. These are all discussions and debates we had internally as a management team and with our board. First of all, I think someone else suggested the word temporary. We haven’t said the word temporary in our press release. We're not saying the word temporary now, which I will say that as we get beyond 2010 and get the bulk of the growth portfolio and the pipeline business put in place, we'll have the ability to make different decisions. At the end of the day, though when you look at the existing financial levers that exists in our company, when you look at the level of capital that we expect to spend in 2010 and the opportunities we see in front of us. We thought that it was actually the prudent thing to cue to reduce the dividend, because in effect especially in 2010 at the margin, any dividend that we would pay would be debt finance. And that's not a position we wanted in to in.
Lasan Johong: I understand that. I just didn't think $100 million would make that much of a difference in your CapEx budget.
Doug Foshee: You're right. And that's actually a very good point. I guess my observation would be most of the things that we're doing individually are not needle movers. I think what we tried to do was show people that cumulatively they're really important. Cumulatively, the actions that we've taken are really important to put us in a position to be able to fund existing growth opportunities in both of our core businesses that we know generate attractive rates of return, even at low commodity prices, and be able to go into 2010 with a confidence we can fund that, no matter the circumstance.
Lasan Johong: Yeah, I understand that. That's a very good point. Let me ask you about midstream business. Can you give us a little more color on kind of what kind of projects you're planning to do, in which basin? Are you talking the about just simply gathering, or are we talking about more complex stuff including fractionation and processing?
Doug Foshee: I think we would like to say we have a strategy. Our view would be that it's fairly competitively sensitive at this point. We want to ask you, as an investor, to some extent to give us the benefit of the doubt that when we come with a project, it will make sense, and it will meet the strategic guidelines that we laid out, meaning it will take advantage of the existing physical footprint of one or more of our existing businesses. And it will take advantage of an existing set of competencies, so that when we go into it, we can have a relatively high degree of confidence, we're going to get the kinds of rates of return out of it. We think we should get. And in the best case, we think it has the chance actually to leverage the returns in one or more of the other two businesses.
Lasan Johong: You (Inaudible) what you're telling me that this is more infield drilling than it is a exploratory or even a step-out well.
Doug Foshee: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Smith with Raymond James.
Kevin Smith: As your production has kind of declined a little bit this year. Do you get a feeling that your inherent decline rate has going down?
Brent Smolik: Gone down meaning higher decline, Kevin?
Kevin Smith: Well, lower decline rate. I assume a lot of your Gulf of Mexico and other properties, as they come down, they're stabilizing production. I'm just trying to get a feel for what you really need to spend to maintain production and maybe win current CapEx plans will allow you to flat line production and potentially grow it.
Brent Smolik: The discussion we had at the load areas that we still frac were somewhere around a $1 billion to keep production flat year-over-year from 9 to 10, although that's improving because of lower costs and shifting to some of the higher rate wells. And we will see benefit as we get further out in time of a shallower decline in some of the Gulf Coast properties, but we haven't yet seen it in 9. We've seen those roll off because we haven't spent much capital on them. So you have seen those roll off a little bit but they will shove around a little bit as we into '10.
Kevin Smith: What do you think your decline rate is right now?
Brent Smolik: Mid-30s. Overall average for the full domestic portfolio.
Kevin Smith: Okay. And so you'd expect, then for at least the next several quarters for production still declined at the same rate?
Brent Smolik: That's a trend. I think that trend…
Kevin Smith: Not overall.
Brent Smolik: I think the trend that you can see kind of in the moving more production to your onshore and more of the resource plays is likely to continue. So we'll see slight growth in those areas or growth in those areas, and we'll see some decline in the Gulf Coast part of our business for the next couple quarters. Overall growth, excluding Eagle Ford.
Kevin Smith: Are you growing production in your Altamonte properties?
Brent Smolik: We got down to one rig, and so it's been kind of flattish through the summer but we've ramped recently back up to the second rig so we'd expect to see production start back up again.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Faisel Khan with Citigroup.
Faisel Khan: Couple of follow-up questions. First I guess on the Gulf Coast volume, those seem to sequentially be ramping down over the last several quarters. I guess where do you think that will bottom out in terms of production? I know you guys are focusing your efforts in the Eagle Ford and the Haynesville, but kind of western parts of your portfolio.
Brent Smolik: Faisel, I think it's going to be a function of capital that we spent in the early part of next year, and as Doug points out, we're going to have to parse out Eagle Ford, because right now we count that in South Texas, which is rolled up in to Gulf Coast. It looks to me like sometime middle in next year we'll see that slide for the next two to three-quarters, and then we'll be able to sell it out a bit there.
Faisel Khan: Talk a little bit more about the drilling in Egypt. The first well you say is proved oil. Second well tested 1700 barrels oil per day. Where are the first two discoveries in that block? Is it the Boraq trend or Nawwar trend you guys described in your presentation?
Brent Smolik: Yeah almost right center of the block that T-shaped block, right in the center of it. In the Boraq trend. That's where the two structures are. Two wells, two separate structures, both of them with oil in them, then we're going to have to delineate the two of those and then Nawwar is way west that’s where the third well that was drilled that was the dry hole.
Faisel Khan: How would you compare kind of the fiscal terms in Egypt with you know say that of Brazil or U.S.? How should we look at that?
Brent Smolik: The oil terms are quite good. If we find gas, we have to negotiate that gas contract price and that's why you see us focusing more of the activity on the oilier part of the trend the western part southern and western part of the three block area okay great so based on the well costs and the resource sizes, recoveries per well they are very competitive contracts and returns.
Faisel Khan: Last question, on Ruby, you talked about it being 50-50%, financed with debt and equity. Given the partnership you guys have with your partner, what kind of equity contribution would you guys to have make to the JV over the next year or so?
Brent Smolik: Yeah, I think we'll both be contributing approximately $700 million. We're now trued up and on a pro rata basis, I think by the time we start construction we will have contributed all of our equity.
Faisel Khan: Thanks, I appreciate the time.
Brent Smolik: Operator, we'll take one more call, please.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of [Stuart Weinman] with Catapult.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks for taking the call. Just had a quick question on the acquisition breakout on the E&P side of roughly $39 million. Was that all for the Eagle Ford acreage?
Brent Smolik: No that was when we paid in our historical share of the South Alamein block in Egypt. The same block we've been talking about drilling on. We bought into that block that's operated by Cepsa. So the acquisition total is that there is some cost basically cost basically.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks for the clarification.
Brent Smolik: That concludes our call. We appreciate your time. We appreciate your questions and if you have follow-ups, please let us know. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's El Paso Corporation Third Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-08-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Bruce Connery - VP, IR & PR Doug Foshee - President and CEO Mark Leland - CFO, EVP Jim Yardley, President and CEO Brent Smolik - EVP, President
Analysts: Rick Gross - Barclays Capital Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets Shneur Gershuni - UBS Faisal Khan - Citigroup Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities Holly Stewart - Howard Weil  Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James 
Operator: Good morning, my name is Christie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the El Paso Corporation second quarter 2009 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you, Mr. Connery you may begin your call.
Bruce Connery: Good morning and thank you for joining our call. In just a moment I'll turn the call over to Doug Foshee, who is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of El Paso. Others with us this morning who will be participating on the call are Mark Leland our CFO, Jim Yardley Chairman of the Pipeline Group, and Brent Smolik, who is President of El Paso Exploration & Production Company. Throughout this call we will be referring to slides that are available on our website at elpaso.com. This morning we issued a press release and filed it with the SECs and 8-K. It is also on our website. During the call we will include certain forward-looking statements and projections. The Company has made every reasonable effort to ensure the information and assumptions of which these statements and projections are based are current, reasonable and complete.  However, variety of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the statements and projections expressed in this call. Those factors are identified under the cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements' section of our earnings press release as well as other of our filings with the SEC. And you should refer to them. Company assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements made during this conference call or any other forward-looking statements made by the Company whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Please note that during the call, we will use non-GAAP numbers, and we have included a reconciliation of all non-GAAP numbers in the appendix to our presentation. Now, I'll turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Foshee: Thank you, Bruce, and good morning. Q2 was a really good one for Team El Paso. To start, we had good financial results in a tough environment. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.25, and this doesn't account for the benefit of our oil hedges. We taxed those out last quarter for a $186 million in cash, but the benefit associated with those hedges for Q2 had we held them to maturity adds another $0.04 to get us to $0.29 in total. We also kept our liquidity strong. We were free cash positive through the first six months of the year, and in spite of repaying a $1 billion bond maturity in May and funding our capital spending program, we ended the quarter with $2.3 billion in liquidity. Mark will explain in more detail, what it took to get there, but our capital markets team had a very busy quarter with multiple transactions [under the dollar]. The pipes had another strong quarter with EBITDA 11% and throughput up as well even in a market with overall lower demand. As we foreshadowed in last quarter's call, we secured a long-term partner for 50% of the Ruby Pipeline, we continued a string of bringing in new projects on time and on budget. And as pleased as we are with our current backlog, we believe we'll continue to add to that growth in the core areas of our franchise. The E&P business had a really outstanding quarter, as well. Volumes were strong at $777 million a day, in spite of a 50% reduction in CapEx, and a delay in the startup of Camarupim in Brazil. This was driven by good performance across the board domestically, highlighted by continued success in the Haynesville. Unit cash costs were down 16% in spite of a reduction in volume. And the Team continues to grow inventory both on existing acreage and through new acreage acquisitions that we'll share the details of as the year progresses.  I spoke last quarter about our view of the two key externalities affecting our business, natural gas prices and capital markets. Our views haven't changed since then, so I won't rehash them in detail. But in general, we still see risk in gas prices over the next two or three years. And while our capital markets have improved, we don't have conviction yet that this improvement has a nascent long-term recovery and not just something more fragile. So our strategy given those two premises hasn't changed. Job one for us as a Company is to complete our pipeline backlog on time and on budget. People in the pipeline business dream about having the opportunities we have in front of us, and will stay laser focused on making sure we create value for our investors, from what we believe is the largest and best such backlog in the business. In that vein, actions speak louder than words so we'll continue to share with you our performance on these projects as they come into service. We believe, we have an opportunity to distinguish ourselves in this regard, and we added to that with two more projects and service quarter on plan. In the next 12 month, we have close to $1 billion in backlog coming online, and right now we anticipate that being on time and on budget. In this commodity price environment, and in spite of our substantial hedge position, we're being caution us on E&P drill that spending and focusing only on our most economic areas. Right now, those are the Haynesville and our Altamont oil property. In both cases our Teams have made meaningful improvements in cost and in project execution, and we expect to continue to push the envelope on efficiency gains. And across the Organization, we have a renewed focus on our organizational effectiveness. This isn't something new, but it's getting a shot in the arm in the current environment. Examples of this include leveraging the investments we've made in our supply chain management over the last three years to push on our supply chain for more cost savings, and better services, implementing an entirely new ERP system called project Delta. This project started 15 months ago and went live yesterday. It consumed a 140 man years of time from over a 100 people inside and outside our organization. Delta goes a long way toward helping streamline our operations, reducing by half the number of manual reports, reducing by 90% the number of manual queries in the system and moving us from seven general ledgers companywide to one. In addition to the obvious cost savings, this sets us up to spend more time on higher value-added analysis and planning and far less time on manual data mining. This was a seminal event for El Paso and I want to probably thank Russell Jackson and the entire Delta team for getting this one across the finish line. And we're restructuring parts of our business to get both cost reductions and improvements in our effectiveness like the work completed last quarter in the operations group in E&P. These kinds of things are key to us continuing to improve our overall returns and prospering in a much more challenging environment. And finally, we continue to look for opportunities to mitigate our risks and the risk to our investors to any downside and natural gas prices or in capital markets. That's why we put substantial hedges in place for 2009, 2010, and 2011 by trying to retain as much upside as possible, acknowledging that our crystal ball on prices in the near term is supposed. And that's why we've continued to be aggressive in accessing capital markets to secure funding now for future growth. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Mark and come back at the end to wrap up. Mark?
Mark Leland: Thank you, Doug, and good morning, everyone. I'm starting on slide 8. As Doug mentioned, we're reporting adjusted earnings per share of $0.25 compared to adjusted earnings per share of $0.39 for the second quarter last year. I'll cover the adjustments on the next slide. Reporting earnings per share for the quarter was $0.11. Key drivers affecting second-quarter earnings were lower commodity prices. Compared to the same quarter last year, natural gas prices on physical sales were down 69%, and even after factoring in the benefit of our strong hedge position, gas prices still were down 26%. Offsetting the lower prices, however, were Pipeline EBIT that was up 11% and lower cost from the E&P segment. Jim and Bret will provide more color on business unit performance in a minute.  The items impacting earnings this quarter are highlighted on slide 9. The first adjusting item is the sealing test charge from a dry hole drilled this quarter in Egypt totaling $12 million or $0.01 per share. The second item is the $21 million pretax or $0.02 per share non-cash mark-to-market gain in the legacy power book primarily due to narrowing PJM basis. The third item is a small mark-to-market loss in the legacy natural gas book. The fourth item is a $25 million pre-tax gain associated with a Legacy in [dandification] related to the sale of an ammonia facility.  The fifth item is a $22 million pre-tax for $0.03 per share adjustment for the loss on the sale of a note we acquired as partial consideration for the sale of our Porto Velho plant in Brazil. And finally, we're adjusting for the impact of hedging in E&P segment which totaled a $151 million pretax gain or $0.14 per share. This adjustment consists of the exclusion of $55 million mark-to-market gain on financial derivatives and the add-back of $206 million of cash settlements in the quarter. Making these adjustments bring adjusted EPS to $0.25. Not included in the $0.25 is the benefit of $0.04 associated with the early settlement of our oil hedges which we realized in the first quarter of this year. The $0.04 represents the amount that would have been recognized this quarter if those hedges would have remained in place. Slide 10, highlights our business unit contribution on a combined basis. Our pipeline in E&P businesses generated $593 million in EBITDA and on an adjusted or proportional EBITDA basis, $651 million. Both before ceiling test charges. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated with our 50% interest in Citrus and our 49% interest in Four Star on a proportional basis. Marketing recorded EBITDA of $10 million, and I'll provide more detail on that in a minute. Power EBITDA was $21 million loss due to the sale of note I highlighted on the previous slide, and corporate EBITDA was $35 million due primarily to the ammonia indemnification mark-to-market gain I noted on the previous slides. There's a chart in the appendix that provides the relevant details for adjusted EBITDA cancellations. The marketing segment is summarized on slide 11. This is the fourth consecutive quarter of improved results for this business. The book continues to shrink as contracts roll off which is contributing to smaller and less volatile earnings in the segment. In fact, we'll likely move this slide to the appendix beginning next year. The primary driver for marketing EBIT this quarter is the $21 million mark-to-market gain in the power book due to the narrowing PJM basis. I'm now turning to cash flow on slide 12. Our cash flow from operations for the first six months was just under $1.2 billion. Compared to $1.3 billion last year in a much stronger price environment. Year-to-date CapEx was $ 1,363 million, we have generated $300 million in divesture proceeds and dividends and distributions were $89 million. So we continue to be slightly free cash flow positive this year. Key drivers in our free cash flow position so far this year have been the flexibility around our E&P segment, CapEx, and our hedge position. As you'll see in [Brent's] slides, year-to-date E&P generated $739 million of adjusted EBITDA and $95 million of divestiture proceeds and spend $547 million in CapEx. For total contribution of free cash flow of $287 million. We continue to make significant progress on the financing front which is highlighted on slide 13. Since our last call on May we've secured a partner for Ruby who will contribute up to $700 million in equity to the project. We hired a financing advisor for the project, and we're working with them to develop the ultimate financing strategy prior to receiving certificate which is expected in late first quarter next year. We completed the drop down sales to El Paso pipeline partners. Our MLP which raised $215 million in cash for the parent. We've paid off those May maturities leaving no material maturities in 2009 and only approximately $250 million of maturities in 2010.  We also completed $315 million of new financings, $165 million project loan at the Elba Express pipeline and we added $150 million to our LC facility to accommodate for those that are expiring this year. Total we raised $1.23 billion since May, so we continue to stay out in front of our capital needs. The results of these financing activities have left us in strong liquidity position which is highlighted on slide 14. After paying the $1 billion in long-term debt maturities in May, we closed the quarter with $2.3 billion of liquidity compared to $3.3 billion at the end of last quarter. Given our spending profile for the last half of the year and despite low gas prices we expect to end the year with liquidity in the $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion range, which should be sufficient to carry us well into 2010. Our natural gas hedge positions through 2011 are summarized on slide 15. To protect our balance sheet and fund our pipeline growth projects, we've done more hedging over the next 30 months than we have historically done. We have about 70% of our 2009 domestic gas production floor at just over $9 per MMBtu. If we produce the same volume in 2010 and 2011, as we will in 2009, we'll be about 75% hedged at a floor of $6.41 with a ceiling of $7.24 in 2010, and in 2011 we'd be about 60% collared with a floor of $6 and a ceiling of $8.66. All of these positions look pretty good in relation to today's forward strip, and if we're wrong on price, we have plenty of upside with our ceilings and unhedged production. More importantly, we have significant downsized production in the event of a long, low natural gas environment. So to wrap-up, we had a very nice quarter from an operating results standpoint. We had solid earnings and cash flow in a tough operating environment. In fact, we're free cash flow positive so far this year. Our liquidity is strong. We continue to make excellent progress on financing our pipeline growth projects. In addition, our hedge program, coupled with our stable pipeline earnings, gives us a nice base of earnings and cash flow over the next several years even in a low gas price environment. All-in-all, we're in excellent position to deliver the growth associated with our pipeline backlog while maintaining our opportunity set in the E&P business. So with that, I'll turn it over to Jim for a pipeline update.
Jim Yardley: The pipeline has had a busy and successful second quarter. Financially, we delivered strong results. Throughput increased primarily from expansions, which offset the impact of the economic recession and we continue to make good progress on executing on our backlog of growth projects. As Doug said, we placed two more in service on time and on budget. On Ruby, in addition to bringing in a partner, we also received our Draft Environmental Impact Statement from FERC, which is a major milestone and are on track to receive our final EIS this fall and FERC certificate early next year. Also, we filed our FERC application on the TGP Line 300 expansion. Slide 18 reviews our solid growth for the quarter and year-to-date. EBIT was $327 million, up $32 million from second quarter 2008, an 11% increase. The EBIT increase was driven by both higher revenues and lower operating costs. The revenue increase resulted primarily from the new expansions. The lower operating costs were broad-based across both our field organization and on the office, and reflect ongoing efforts to manage our costs in this environment. You see the numbers for EBITDA, also adjusted EBITDA for our 50% interest in Citrus. Note that adjusted EBITDA year-to-date is right at $1 billion. Capital expenditures of $392 million in the second quarter are comprised of about $311 million spent on the pipeline growth projects and the remainder on maintenance capital and hurricane repairs. The increase from second quarter 2008 is due primarily to higher backlog spending, mostly Elba Express and Ruby. So, a solid second quarter and year-to-date results for the pipes. Slide 19 summarizes our throughput year-to-date. In short, increased throughput from the expansion projects placed in service in our Rockies pipelines offset the declines in market area demand elsewhere. The most significant Rockies expansions are CIG's High Plains expansion into Denver that started service last November, and [Wicks] Medicine Bow compression expansion out of the Powder River. In the Northeast, we've had a very mild summer which has contributed to throughput declines on TGP. Warmer than normal weather in the Southeast has driven higher power gen loads on SNG, also due somewhat to fuel switching from coal. Industrial demand continues to be down, but not to the degree experienced earlier in the year. On EPNG, throughput is down in Arizona, especially due to the economy, but also to the startup of a competitor's lateral into the Phoenix area. Just a reminder, throughput, although we track it closely, has only a minor impact on our revenue since our revenues consist predominantly of demand charges. The next four slides update you on progress on executing on our growth backlog. On slide 20, this map of TGP system in the Northeast reviews our Line 300 expansion project, and in addition shows that TGP is well positioned to capitalize on new supplies developing in the Marcellus trend in Northeast Pennsylvania. The Line 300 expansion is fully subscribed with Equitable for a 15-year term. The expansion, which consists of additional compression and looping of the existing pipeline, will move Equitable's growing Appalachian production in Kentucky and West Virginia to markets in the Northeast. As the result of today's lower steel prices and contractor costs, our estimated CapEx is now approximately $600 million, down from $750 million. As I mentioned, we recently filed the FERC certificate with FERC. We expect the certificate next year, and after construction in 2010 and 2011, the expansion will go into service in late 2011. Separately, Line 300 runs right through the heart of the Marcellus play in Northeast Pennsylvania. We're in the process of installing interconnects for several producers. The combined capacity of these interconnects into TGP will be approximately 2 Bcf a day. At the eight interconnects just recently installed, 80 a day is already flowing into TGP. Under FT backhaul agreements recently executed with two producers, demand revenues will ramp up from approximately $7 million to $8 million this year to $40 million to $50 million annually by 2012. No additional CapEx is required to accommodate this backhaul business. Finally, Line 300 is well situated for further forward-haul expansions to the Marcellus in the future. On slide 21, we updated our backlog each quarter for your reference. With the sale of a 50% interest in Ruby, the backlog is now just under $6 billion pro rata to El Paso's interest. This slide shows our capacity capital cost estimates and in service dates for each project. The only significant change this quarter is the reduction on the CapEx estimate for the TGP Line 300 expansion as I mentioned. As we continue to move these projects along, we grow more confident that we'll bring them in on-time and on-budget. Slide 22 is a picture of how the composition of the backlog will have changed over the course of one year from the end of last year to the end of 2009. As you can see, the remaining capital net to El Paso's interest will have decreased by yearend from $6.5 billion remaining to $3.4 billion. This is due to the sale of a 50% of Ruby and spending in 2009. Of this $3.4 billion at the end of the year, over 40% will be funded from the project financing already in place at Gulf LNG, financing at FGT, which is investment grade, and the project financing at Ruby that Mark mentioned. Also, the make-up of the backlog has changed where Ruby represented nearly 50% of the remaining CapEx, it now will represent approximately one third. And another point, the backlog in aggregate is approximately 90% subscribed with an average term of 20 years. Slide 23 is a listing of the backlog projects that will go in service in the next 12 months. They represent nearly $1 billion of total capital, and as they now get closer to completion, we fully expect to bring them in service on time and on budget. In the fourth quarter, we'll place in service two compression expansions that are now well along in construction. One is on WIC PiceanceLateral and the other TGP in New Hampshire. We'll also complete the drilling of additional injection wells for the Totem Storage project on CIG for Xcel Energy. Then in early 2000, we are placing service both the Elba Express pipeline and the Elba expansion for Shell. Elba Express is our largest pipeline construction project this year and construction is ahead of schedule. At Elba the vaporization expansion will be completed in the first quarter of 2010, and the storage tank if construction is right on schedule as well will be ready later in the year as planned.  A 100% of the capacity in all five of these expansions is fully contracted under long-term contracts.  So in summary the pipes had an excellent quarter, both financially and operationally, and we're highly focused on executing on our growth backlog delivering these projects on time and on budget.  And I'll now turn it over to Brent.
Brent Smolik: Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. As we discussed on our last call, E&P got off to a strong start for the year, and we continued to have momentum through the second quarter. Starting on slides 26, second quarter production averaged $777 million a day, I'm really happy with the domestic US part of our productions. Production was up here well in spite of our drilling activity and our capitals being normal of what we where a year ago. Clearly we are benefiting from our Haynesville program, but we've also found ways to spend modest amounts of capital to optimize our production throughout our domestic programs. Our unit cash costs were down significantly, which is always a win. But especially so in a flatter or declining production phase. I'll give you an update in a moment on the overall declines in service costs, but back in May, I indicated that we were seeing large drop in costs, and we continue to see those cost reductions right through the quarter. On the capital front, we continue to manage our portfolio for changes in commodity prices and service costs and are bias on capital spending since the first quarter has been to lower end of our guidance. And we now expect our 2009 capital to come in around a $1 billion. As Doug's often noted, one of the benefits of our integrated model is capital allocation flexibility between our business units. We're generating a significant amount of free cash today that can help Jim fund pipeline projects which is the right thing to do in the current E&P down cycle. For the full year, we are maintaining our 730 million to 800 million a day production range. And finally in Brazil Petrobras now expects Camarupim to start up later this month. On an annualized basis the Camarupim delays will cost us about $25 million a day, but better than expected domestic production has made up much of the shortfall so far for the year again that's why I'm so pleased with the domestic performance of our team. Let's move to slide 27. As Mark said, our EBIT was down due to charge off in natural gas and oil prices, which was offset by lower DD&A and lower cash cost. There is a lot of numbers on this chart, but there is a few worth highlighting. First note that our second quarter capital is roughly about half what it was a year ago. And second, if you look at the adjusted EBITDA and CapEx for the first six month period you can see that our EBITDA is exceeding CapEx by about $200 million. And then close down that column we've generated about $95 million from divestitures in the first quarter which also contributed to our liquidity. Moving to slide 28, where we show two panels. On the left side, I noted earlier that we've produced $777 million a day in the quarter. As expected, the Gulf Coast division declined because we've allocated significantly less capital here since the third quarter of last year.  However, you can see that our western division production has held up well, and our central division production grew again in the second quarter to $326 million a day. Remember the assets in these two divisions, western and central, tend to be the more unconventional historically CBM and tight gas focused more recently focused on Shale gas. Over the last few years there has been a real shift in capital allocation and production which evident by the chart on the right side of the page. In a matter of a few years production from unconventional type resources risen from 40% level to about 60% of our total production. As a big move and based on our current project inventory I expect that trend to continue going forward. Slide 29, summarizes our operated rate count at the end of each quarter going back to the beginning of 2008 in our projections for the remainder of the year.  We're well into the third quarter, and it looks like we'll close the quarter with about five or six rigs running. Three or four of those are going to be in the [alcotex], one in the Altamont field, and one in South Texas. Depending on what our capital program levels out, we'll have somewhere between two to six rigs running at year end. And at the low end of that range, we'd only have a couple of rigs running at the Haynesville, at the high end of that range our activity would look a lot like it does today. We'll keep you posted on how the E&P capital works out. But our focus in any case continues to be on ensuring that we create value as in the current cost and commodity price environment. As I mentioned earlier, our per-unit cash costs look great for the quarter which is shown on slide 30. Total cash cost were down $0.32 from the first quarter, and remember that this is an improvement in spite of lower production levels. Two things have taken place. First, we're clearly in a cost inflationary environment, which is a clear benefit. Second, last quarter, I mentioned that we completed a reorganization, which included the formation of a single US domestic light operations crew. Our team there is starting to realize the early benefits of that organizational shift, and I think we'll have more savings and efficiencies to come. You'll notice that unit G&A is up from the first quarter from last year. Last year we benefited from a few unusual items, for example, some pension credits. First and second quarter this year, included in our organizational restructuring charges, negatively impacted the first half of the year by about $0.05. For the rest of the year, I expect us to be in the mid to high $0.70 range depending on production volumes. Overall, I'm very happy with our progress in reducing our cash cost in the current environment. The table on slide 31 shows the reduction that's we've achieved in various service and equipment categories. These reductions are benchmarked against our 2008 average cost for these same categories, which together represent about half of our capital spending. Many of the reductions were fully in place throughout the second quarter, and while the pace of the cost reductions have slowed some, utilization rates of most of these services and equipment are still down significantly. So we believe there's still more reductions to come in the second half of 2009. Slide 32 recaps our Q2 activities in Brazil and in Egypt. As you know, Petrobras at Camarupim and they've been working to overcome some challenges with getting the wells tied-in and getting the development projects up and running. They're now planning to start up this month. We expect production will start about 20 million to 30 million per day equivalent net to El Paso and then we'll ramp up to $50 million to $60 million a day over the rest of the year as the additional wells are brought online. We've continued to progress the Pinauna oil development project through the environmental process and we're revising the project costs as those costs have been coming down as well in the current environment. Jequitiba is a Petrobras operated exploration well that's been drilled with some encouraging results and is currently still under evaluation. Switching to Egypt, we found hydrocarbons in both wells drilled by Sepsa on the South Alamein Block. These wells were drilled on separate structures and we're in the process of testing the second well to determine the production capacity and to determine if the finds are sizable enough to develop commercially. In our EP operated South Mariut Block, we drilled a second dry hole in the quarter and we've suspended drilling there for the rest of this year. Remember this is a large concession and we really shot at 3D over a portion of the block. So we're now considering shooting additional seismic later this year or early next year in other areas of the block, which we'll then use to determine our drilling plans for 2010. We're also working through the mapping and analysis of the Tanta Block, which is just east of our block, and developing our 2010 drilling plans on that block as well. So although the early results in Egypt have been somewhat mixed, remember this is a higher risk, higher potential area where we still have 1.5 million net acre position in those three onshore concessions. Let's turn back to the US part of our business and focus on North Louisiana on slide 33. The news from the Haynesville continues to be good. Since our first quarter call we've brought on three more wells and I'll update those in a moment. We've always liked our Haynesville lands, but in our opinion though the position has continued to improve as we drill and complete more wells. The shaded area on the outlined display is the boundaries as we see it today roughly. We've got more than 40,000 net acres in the play, most of which is held by production. There has now been enough industry drilling in the play to identify some clear trend, and the area in the red outline is where we're seeing the highest initial production rates. Wells inside that boundary have tested well over $15 million a day and most of the highest rig wells, and we believe the highest reserve wells, have been drilled on that trend that goes from the Texas border through Desoto Parish into the area where Desoto, Caddo, Bossier, Bienville and Red River parishes all come together. That trend lines up very well with our acreage position. So the bottom-line is that with 250 to 300 potential locations in that part of the play, we expect to drill a lot of good Haynesville wells. The net on this potential that we see here is over 700 Bcf. If we drill four wells per section, it's over 1 Tcf if we ultimately develop on denser spacing. Turning to slides 34, we now have nine wells on line. It's three more than our last call. All of them are very good. As the top right panel indicates, we've got enough wells producing in the area where we're starting to get a good idea of the tight curve for the wells. Certainly, we'll get more accurate as we put more time on this picture, but we're beginning to see wells flatten out at and around 150 day mark or so, and we're improving on our ability to model the long-term performance of these wells. Currently we're producing almost 40 million a day net to our interest. We're completing three wells. They all appear to be on par with our most recent wells. As I said earlier, we'll maintain at least a few rig program in the Haynesville for the rest of the year. The good news is that we continue to drill and complete these wells quicker and in lower cost, which brings me to the Haynesville summary chart on 35. We show three sets of data here, which demonstrate our progress going from our first three wells to our most recent three. In terms of our execution efficiency, we've gone from about $13 million a well on average to below $8 million. That's $8 million to drill, complete, equipped, and get them all the way into sales. Our last well was just a little bit North of $7.5 million. As we've cut our cycle time from over 100 days to less than 60 days, it's almost in half. And all of this while increasing our number of frac stages on average from nine to 11.  And importantly we are seeing increased productivity from the wells and we are not consistently getting $15 million to $20 million a day initial test rate, some even higher. And it looks like we'll end up with total reserves from well in the neighborhood of 6.5 to maybe seven per Bcf per well.  So the bottom line is that we are well positioned with the program, and our drilling and completion capabilities are as good as any of our industry peers. So I'll wrap on slide 36. No question that we're operating in a difficult environment, but we've got very clear priorities for the E&P Company. On the top of that list is ensuring that we are earning a good return on our capital that we invest so we spend a lot of time updating our drilling inventory with the most current cost data and then prioritizing, reprioritizing our investments. In this part of the cycle, high returning E&P investment opportunities are limited which is why we're content to spend less and generate more free cash flow. In the meantime, our teams are busy preparing for the future. We've continuously developed a new idea and our total inventory of drilling projects is up nicely from the beginning of the year. We are also pursuing some interesting opportunities beyond the Haynesville that we aren't ready to talk about today. But we'll be updating you on those in the near future. So in summary, I'm very pleased with our results and the progress of the E&P Company and the teams that have made through the first half of the year. With that I'll turn it back over to Doug for his closing comments.
Doug Foshee: Thanks, Brent. To wrap things up this morning, we had a really good second quarter. In fact, operationally it may be the best quarter overall since I've been here. Both business units performed well, we delivered two more pipeline projects on plan, cost continue to come down on E&P, and we saw strong results from our Haynesville and Altamont assets. We secured a long-term partner for Ruby, we kept our liquidity strong and we are continuing to add opportunities for longer term growth in both business units. Going forward, we'll continue to stay focused on our strategy to bring our backlog in as advertised. Generate maximum returns on our drilling program, reduce costs, and continue to find ways to mitigate against any downside risks to commodity prices and/or capital markets. And with that, we are happy to open it up to your questions this morning.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Rick Gross with Barclays Capital. Your line is open.
Rick Gross - Barclays Capital: I guess I'd like to start with the pipeline question. I'm kind of intrigued with the whole back haul strategy on Tennessee. I know you've got a deal with Cabot that they claim is around $0.20 back to West Virginia. You've done a deal with Equitable. And I was amazed I guess at the 2b's a day of interconnection. I know there is some compressors that are being hooked up and small lines being tapped in, but can you tell me how that kind of plays out, how you think will cause the displacement in revenue opportunity on Tennessee is going to look as you get, you know, Marcellus production into the line?
Jim Yardley: Yeah. That's a good question. So the thrust of what's going on here is that we are fortunate and that we are right on top of big new supply base, and it's happening. And I think the innuendo in your question is that, well, does this long term displace long haul demand charges on Tennessee. We think it's clearly a net positive. What we are seeing the past, Rick, for example several years ago when Tennessee started importing through Niagara, large amounts of Canadian gas which, by the way, has fallen off a good bit now, but in that case the capacity holders on Tennessee, the utilities in New York State and New England they continue to hold capacity all the way back to the Gulf. Not wanting to rely on just one source. And so we think that that same thing is going to happen here. On the positive side, this is right now the backlogs are incremental revenue that quiet candidly we wouldn't have expected a couple of years ago. But then positively long term to take advantage of demand growth in the northeast while we are right on top of an opportunity to expand very cheaply into New York State and New England. So net we think it's clearly a positive.
Rick Gross - Barclays Capital: Is this capacity going to be actually usable seasonal, or do you think it's going to be usable all year long?
Jim Yardley: Year-round.
Rick Gross - Barclays Capital: Year-round?
Jim Yardley: On a backbone basis.
Rick Gross - Barclays Capital: Okay. Completely different subject. Couple of quick E&P questions. And then I'll give up the mic. What is on Loe. It was down a lot I'm just wondering if aside from some of the things that were going on that there has been a lot less work over activity. How do I kind of filter that into the Loe decline?
Brent Smolik: Yeah, Rick. Remember the spread, remember last year we talked about with high oil prices we ramped up work over activity in the Altamont oil field? But we did a lot of that work last year. And so we had less of it to even do this year. So that's about the only place that we have operationally where we've done less year-over-year or quarter-to-quarter comparison. Everywhere else its activities are essentially the same, and it's been about trying to manage the costs down.
Rick Gross - Barclays Capital: Okay. How about fuel costs, compression cost and all that kind of thing. Is that a big piece has that's come down with gas prices or? 
Brent Smolik: It's definitely shows up just about everywhere in the supply chain that has fuel input. So we're benefiting from that as well as some labor deflation and other supplier deflation we are getting. So it's all in the savings. It's not activity driven is what I want you to take away from that.
Doug Foshee: And the other thing I'd add, Rick, is in many cases if not most cases our work over activity still represents some of the highest returns on incremental capital. So that wouldn't be a place we would 
Rick Gross - Barclays Capital: Yeah. So I would have thought. Okay. And then the last thing is you have a fairly large position in South Texas, and the Eagleford has heated up. And I'm just curious as is that we'll call it understudy, or is there something more tangible that we can talk about as far as Eagleford either potential or otherwise?
Brent Smolik: Yeah. I mean, you know that as we've got a long history down in South Texas, and we think we're as good of operators down there as anybody. So it would be sensible for us to be studying it and think about it. We are not quite ready to talk about how we view the play, but we're getting close.
Rick Gross - Barclays Capital: Would it be fair to say that you have current acreage held by production that would be suitable?
Brent Smolik: It's going to be West of most of our production, so its going to be grassroots leasing. Would be how we get in.
Rick Gross - Barclays Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Okay. And our next question comes from the line of Carl Kirst, from BMO capital. Your line is open. 
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Good morning, everyone, and nice quarter especially in the current environment. Rick actually touched on two of the areas that I wanted to focus on, and maybe just to ask a little bit further, so it doesn't sound like that there was any real aberration then in the LOE number. In fact, you think that as we kind of continue this deflationary path, obviously, the trends have decelerated a little bit, but we could continue to see even lower LOE in the second half of the year?
Brent Smolik: Yes. I think we're going to continue to see some downward pressure on the cost of the services. Remember, we've only just reorganized the E&P operating division in the second quarter. So we're just now starting to see the benefits of standardizing some practices across all of our US operations and we're going to continue to see that. I think we'll see some benefits on both sides.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Turning to some of the commentary about the acreage acquisitions and I understand it's too early to talk about it here, but are we potentially talking about extensions of current areas that we're near or could this potentially be whole new geographic areas, shall we say?
Brent Smolik: It's far enough west of us. The trend is, I think, by most people's views that it's new leasing.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Last question perhaps for Jim. Recognizing the number of projects that you guys have coming online over the next 12 months, this billion dollars, the fact that all of that is fully contracted, we have been thinking roughly that you can build this for seven times EBITDA range. Is that still the case with these fully contracted projects or is that better or worse than the current environment?
Jim Yardley: No, that's about on the market. The only caution I'd put out there is that the Elba Express starts up probably March-ish of next year. The Elba expansion itself, most of the capital involved, while the vaporization starts up in March or thereabouts, the actual storage tank that involves most of the capital won't start up until third, fourth quarter as planned. The multiple you're using on total capital is still reasonable.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lasan Johong from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Can you give us a little more color on your Ruby financial plans?
Mark Leland: I think that we're developing those plans as we speak. We're targeting something around 50-50 or 60-40 debt to equity depending on how the markets line out. I think it will be a combination of multiple pools of capital, both bank and capital markets.
Doug Foshee: We retained this quarter our financial advisor.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Right. You're not looking to project finance this, right?
Mark Leland: Yes. A component of the financing will be traditional project finance.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: What component do you think it might be?
Mark Leland: That's what we're working on evaluating today. It's really dependent on the markets at the time that we go to finance the transaction, which will be early next year when we get FERC certificates.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. There's some discussion about story levels being full driving pressures on pipelines. Are you seeing any of that? 
Jim Yardley: What we are seeing is that for example on Tennessee where we have both production area storage as well as market area storage 
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: I'm sorry. You're cutting in and out. I can't hear a thing you're saying. 
Jim Yardley: Yes. Can you hear me now? 
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Yes. 
Jim Yardley: Yes. So on Tennessee for example, where we have both market area storage and in Pennsylvania as well as production area storage in Louisiana, what we have seen is that the production area storage has typically filled up first. And so our storage in Louisiana is probably around 90% to 95% filled whereas market area storage is not as filled. So what that has meant is we've been moving more gas sooner proportionately to our northern storage that we wouldn't have otherwise. 
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Is this having any impact on any of your E&P businesses? 
Brent Smolik : Not today. You know, we watch it pretty close at the exits of each of our fields. And there's, no short term kind of anomalous high pressures but nothing yet permanent. 
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Switching to the E&P side, on the Haynesville, any surprises both good and bad that you've kind of run across?  
Brent Smolik : We continue to be pleased with the drilling and completion performance. As each time we drill a well, we seem to learn from the last and be able to improve the speed at which we're able to get things done. The completions are going well. They're high end technology. But we're getting them pumped successfully and we are getting them in the ground successfully. And so we're real happy with how the completion work's going. So all those price have been positive. 
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: So it looks like between Newland and Travis Lynch there was a Quantum leap then the Travis Lynch, the RF Gamble was another Quantum leap. Is that all due to completion techniques? 
Mark Leland:  Partially completion and partially geology. Those were some of our most western most wells when we were starting out. So I think we were learning both and where to be within the play and then learning how to complete them. 
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: And if I'm not mistaken, you've kind of figured out where the core of the play is now? 
Jim Yardley: We think industry is just based on the production data is starting to line up kind of within that red circle that we included on the Haynesville slide.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Excellent. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Shneur Gershuni from UBS. Your line is open.
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: Just a couple of questions. I was wondering if we can start on the E&P side with respect to reserves. You know, I guess a two-part question. One, given the fact that you're kind of expecting Brazil to start off at the end of this year, do you expect to book reserves there, and I guess the second part of the question is the reserve bookings for the US, your rig count is going to be way down. One can surmise excluding changes in pricing obviously that reserve bookings could potentially be down. Would that potentially be offset by the fact that you've shifted your drilling mix, to central and western division and so forth?
Doug Foshee: Yeah I think may be to summarize where you said accurately is we will book reserves this year for Brazil project. No question about that. And then as we shift our capital to more and more longer life unconventional type assets that naturally have lower F&D then we will get the benefit of that and that even though capital is lower we'll get more reserves booked for our capital dollar that we're spending. So depending on the total cost structure which is coming down which will benefit us in the F&D and the shift in the portfolio to the more unconventional benefit is an F&D.
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: Okay. And just a question on the pipeline. Obviously operating costs were quite good this quarter. Jim, do you kind of expect this to continue throughout the balance of the year? And do you kind of see your guidance for the pipeline segment go up as a result of the cost benefits?
Jim Yardley: You know, I think the way to look at is some of our costs are seasonal, but on a run rate basis, we've been achieving total O&M and G&A costs of around $800 million to $810 million. We're down relative to that favorable. And I think that it's looking more and more like we're going to end up on the slightly favorable side. So some of the benefits to date has been timing, but on balance we feel very good about where we are with respect to operating costs.
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: Okay. And just one final question just with respect to the Ruby partnership and so forth. I was wondering if you guys could walk us through what milestones you need to hit when and where and how to ensure that you retain at least 50% economics in the project if not more and kind of where your opportunity are there to potentially over earn relative to the 50% economic interest?
Mark Leland: Shneur this is Mark. So the key drivers in our ability to over earn or get on a straight-up 50/50 basis are primarily in capacity sales. So to the extent we sell 200 million at 250 million a day of firm long-term commitments above where we are today, we can force conversion to common equity of our partner. And a little below that essentially puts us on par with them. We will retain all of the short-term interruptible sales benefit. So that's a way to earn extra unless they convert to common. The other place and a very significant place to really enhance our IRR is to put the project in service under budget. We retained all that benefit.
Doug Foshee: So if you think about milestones, FERC certificates, commercial in service date, incremental volumes sold and capital costs versus plans, those are the big ones.
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: If you decided at the last minute to upsize the horsepower, something like that, would that be something that would benefit you guys in the end or no?
Brent Smolik: On that, the upside, that would help a lot. That would probably only be the case for capacity beyond the 1.5. So when Mark talks about the 200 to 250 range, that is going from the 1.1 we have today up to the stated capacity, which is between 1.3 and 1.5 before that compression you're talking about.
Mark Leland: Let me just clarify. When I say convert them to common, their preferred interest in Ruby would be converted to a common interest in Ruby as opposed to anything else.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Faisal Khan with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Faisal Khan - Citigroup: On the TGP extension, the Line 300, who does the lower cost of that project, who benefits from the lower cost of that project? Is it you or EQT?
Doug Foshee: Think about it as being split. Some part of it flows through to Equitable and some we retain.
Faisal Khan - Citigroup: Just looking at the volumes on the pipelines this quarter versus the same time last year, except for EPNG, volume are up, which would be counterintuitive to a slower economy and slowing production. Can you comment on how you guys got those increases, was it taking market share or are volumes really up?
Mark Leland: Well, you're probably looking specifically at the second quarter comparisons as opposed to the year to date comparisons.
Faisal Khan - Citigroup: That's right.
Mark Leland: Sometimes that can be a little bit dangerous because just so much depends upon the relative weather from year-to-year as opposed to the underlying economy. I think that the drivers in what we see going on though are that we do have a slowdown in the economy affecting underlying industrial usage and to some extent electricity demand, but I'd be careful in reading too much into just the quarter-to-quarter comparisons.
Faisal Khan - Citigroup: In terms of what kind of rig count you guys need to keep production kind of flat or within your guidance going forward, given the success you guys have had in the Haynesville, how many rigs do you guys think you need to keep running to keep production relatively flat over the long run?
Doug Foshee: Think of it in terms of the capital and the total efficiencies of the program. We probably need in terms of rigs about 10 to maybe 12 or so. If that's not quite right, I'll jump back on here in a moment. I think that's about the right level assuming that we do a fairly high percentage of those as Haynesville wells in the mix.
Faisal Khan - Citigroup: On Pinauna, the cost of that project has moved around pretty extreme values up and down. I think first it was 400, then it was 700, and I just want to figure out where you guys inflection point is to move forward on that project? Are you still looking to get down at the 400 level or is it something less than that?
Mark Leland: I don't think we'll ever be able to recover 400. Remember, that assumed that we had all of the large portion of FSO treated as operating expense in the lease. As we look at it, we probably would treat that as a capital item. So, part of that step-up was just that. The rest of it was inflation that we were seeing in the environment. So we're hoping to claw back all of the inflationary pieces of it and we're seeing that. I think Brazil's going to be slower than the rest of the world because they're generally pretty active in country, and so, it's going to be a little bit slower to get the cost to come back down. That project was approved based on that $700 million total CapEx level and $70 oil price. So it stands up quite nicely at today's oil price curve and what we've already realized for cost savings. We're going to continue to push on the estimates as we continue to see the deflation in Brazil like we're seeing everywhere else.
Faisal Khan - Citigroup: Can you just give us a little more detail on the BM-CAL? Was that a discovery or are you still evaluating whether it's a discovery?
Doug Foshee: Found hydrocarbons, can't talk about it any more than that. It's still being tested as we speak.
Jim Yardley: Petrobras is operating that one. So we've got to be careful about what we talk about, but we found hydrocarbons.
Faisal Khan - Citigroup: Is the South Alamein Block, that's the well you tested there, is that oil or gas or you're still testing that too?
Doug Foshee: Not sure because we're still testing, but more oil front than gases are the early indications. The first well we got oil sample from, but not extended test. The second well we're going to test.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Judge with Atlantic Equities.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: I wanted to ask, you're now giving us some estimates as far as the Haynesville shale program statistics and resources, could you give us what the un-risk and what the risk resource estimates were when you gave us your total at the beginning of the year for Haynesville.
Brent Smolik: For the resources, we were probably in the less than 5 Bcf range, maybe right at 5 Bcf. Today we're more at 6.5 Bcf.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: So you've increased it. Of your total, there was about 1 Tcf of net risk unconventional resources, and you're saying now Haynesville is 750 to 900. Should we assume that the remainder would be rising or say stable or how do we look at that and how would we translate Haynesville into kind of what we would expect for booked reserves?
Mark Leland: If you jump all the way to booking, it's going to be interesting this year because of the role changes and we're using all the different pricing and how many offsets for Haynesville and horizontal wells, so let's not jump too far to bookings just yet. For the resources, we should have almost tripled the resources from what we had in the table at the beginning of the year to what we've seen today, should be about three times what we had before.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: For Haynesville?
Mark Leland: For Haynesville only.
Doug Foshee: So if you take the Tcf, embedded in that Tcf is about a third of what you see today in the Haynesville.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Would the remainder be also stable or would we see a lower revision on that?
Mark Leland: The remainder would be a non-Haynesville. Net-net, everywhere we're going to see inventory grow. So we're going to see it up in all of the other basins as well. So we haven't lost any. We've thrown by Haynesville plus some others. From what we would have had at end of year last year to mid-year today. 
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Okay. Just with regard to E&P, average realized pricing, it seemed that your basis differential was bit wired than it has been historically. At least in my calculation. Was there anything strange going on there or is that going to be a continuing trend? 
Mark Leland: No. I think if there's anything, Nathan, it's short term. There's nothing going on, basis has been steady almost everywhere that we operate. Anything it's as NYMEX comes down basis is collapsing everywhere. 
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: And the pipeline you talked about ancillary service revenue being positive this quarter. Can you just quantify that and give us an idea if that's going to continue, that may have to do with the Marcellus issues, but just a bit more color on that?
Jim Yardley: Our base business, say X expansions, our volumes and our revenue move around a little bit from quarter-to-quarter, but basically the Marcellus is a net plus or a very significant net plus. Offsetting that we have had some weakness on El Paso natural gas as the result of the basis differential from Permian to California deteriorating. But I think it's safe to say that the deposit of Tennessee has been offsetting the negative elsewhere. 
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: So you would basically expect that kind of additional revenue from ancillary services to continue for the rest of the year? 
Jim Yardley: I'd say that it's more than we would have expected at the beginning of the year. It's favorable. Modestly. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Holly Stewart with Howard Weil. Your line is open.
Holly Stewart - Howard Weil : Three quick one I guess. On going back to the TGP 300 line, the $150 million decrease, what's driving that? And then could that be extrapolated to other projects?  Jim Yardley  There are two primary drivers. One is steel and pipe. In this case even though we've locked in our pricing with the pipe mill, he in fact had not ordered steel. So we together with the pipe manufacturer able to take advantage of that. The second is that we had not embedded in the 750 was an estimate on our contractor cost which has come down significantly. We had not contracted for that service. And we still haven't for the installation. But we clearly see that the installation cost will be lower today. So those are the two primary element. As to extrapolating it to other projects, have to be a little bit careful there because we have for the most part our other big backlog projects. We have locked in at least the pipe component at this point.
Mark Leland: And in some places we have fixed priced contracts with contractors.
Holly Stewart - Howard Weil : Okay. And then just beating a dead horse on the Haynesville here, last quarter you were almost at $20 million a day. You've pretty much doubled that almost at $40 million a day now. What was in your original guidance for Haynesville production?
Brent Smolik: Less than that.
Doug Foshee: Less than that. But remember too, we were originally thinking more about $1.3 billionish for capital. And so we pulled back capital elsewhere and more than replaced that pullback with incremental production from the Haynesville.
Holly Stewart - Howard Weil : Okay, okay. And then last one I guess for Doug. Seeing lots of equity deals hit the tape here, you guys have had your stocks had a great run. I know you were fined for 2009, but any thoughts on an equity financing here?
Doug Foshee: Yeah. I think that equity is a tool in our toolkit. In essence we've already done that this year as we think about the sale of equity at the MLP level being an indirect sale of equity at the EP level. So I think we'll continue to look at that as we move through the balance this year and into '10 and'11.
Bruce Connery: We'll take one more question, please.
Operator: Okay. Our last question comes from the line of Pavel Molchanov with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James: Most of my questions have been answered just a few housekeeping items. Income tax rates seem to have bounced up this quarter. Any particular reason for that?
Mark Leland: It's just the Brazil ceiling test charge which there's no tax benefit there. It just happens to skew the rate for the quarter.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James: So for the future should we still be using something in the 35% range?
Mark Leland: Yeah. 35, 36.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James: Got it. Then on your E&P DD&A rate, that obviously came down very sharply following the write down. Should we assume also something in that I guess with $1.29 in the quarter per am?
Doug Foshee: Going forward we're going to as we add back in capital we'll see that climb back toward our F&D's, but our F&D's are going to be lower in the lower capital [one to grant] so but its going to be pretty close to the rest of this year.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James: Pretty close to the $1.29?
Doug Foshee: Up maybe $0.10 from that.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James: Okay. Very good. Thanks, guys.
Bruce Connery: All right. That concludes our call. We appreciate your interest. And please call us if you have any follow-up questions. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our conference call for today. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-08 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Bruce Connery – Vice President, Investor and Public Relations Doug Foshee – President and Chief Executive Officer Mark Leland – Chief Financial Officer Jim Yardley – President, Pipeline Group Brent Smolik – President, El Paso E&P Company
Analysts: Shneur Gershuni – UBS Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Faisel Khan – Citigroup Joseph Allman – JP Morgan Becca Followill – Tudor Pickering Holly Stewart – Howard Weil Inc. Mark Caruso - Millennium Partners 
Operator: Welcome to the El Paso Corporation's first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instruction) Mr. Bruce Connery, you may begin your call. 
Bruce Connery: In just a moment I'll turn the call over to Doug Foshee, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of El Paso. Others with us this morning who will be participating in the call are Mark Leland our CFO, Jim Yardley, President of our Pipeline Group and Brent Smolik, President of El Paso Exploration and Production.  Throughout this call we will be referring to slides that are available on our website elpaso.com. This morning we issued a press release and filed it with the SEC as an 8-K and is also on our website. During this call, we will include certain forward-looking statements and projections. The company has made every reasonable effort to ensure that the information and assumptions on which these statements and projections are made are current, reasonable, and complete. However, a variety of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the statements and projections expressed in this call.  Those factors are identified under the cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements section of our earnings press release, as well as in other of our SEC filings and you should refer to them. The company assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements made during this call or any other forward-looking statements made by the company whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Please note that during the call we will be using non-GAAP numbers such EBIT and EBITDA, and we have included a reconciliation of all non-GAAP numbers in the appendix to our presentation.  Now, I'll turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Foshee: I want to start this morning by saying we had a great quarter. Both business units performed ahead of expectations for the quarter, pipeline EBITDA was up 4% over Q1 '08 and adjusting for a one-time gain in last year's first quarter, EBITDA for the pipes was up 8%. Our growth projects continue to come in on time and on budget and we continue to believe we'll be able to say the same thing going forward for the balance of our pipeline backlog.  On the E&P side, EBITDA was up 14% versus Q1 '08 and volumes for the quarter were up a healthy 7% over Q4 '08. The company earned $0.47 a share for the quarter taking out the affects of the price related ceiling test charge, but our view is that the more comparable number is $0.35 a share taking out both the negative affect of the ceiling test charge and the positive affect of the early cash out of our oil hedges for the period from April through December of 2009. That's compared to $0.33 a share in last year's first quarter in a much more robust commodity environment.  For the company as a whole, we were free cash positive for the quarter even before considering the impact of some non-strategic asset sales. Cash flow from operations was up 20% year-over-year. Liquidity remains strong at $3.3 billion at quarter end, meaning that we have no need to access capital markets in 2009 for 2009 under any commodity price scenario. And we expect to exit the year with at least $1.3 billion in liquidity to give us a strong running start on 2010 and beyond.  We made significant progress during the quarter on financing the backlog, as Mark will describe in more detail, highlighted by the recent successful $600 million bond offering for the financing of FGT Phase VIII. And finally, we're in the late innings of our process to select a Ruby partner and expect to have news to report on this key 2009 objective soon.  Before I turn it over to Mark, I'd like to talk more specifically about the two key drivers we see in our business for 2009 and beyond, namely natural gas prices and capital markets availability. Almost every variable that affects future gas prices is currently outside of what would be considered a normal range. The U.S. market is currently oversupplied by 4 plus Bcf a day by our estimation. Activity levels have dropped at an unprecedented rate over a very short period of time, but supply hasn't yet responded.  As much as 9 Bcf a day in new LNG liquefaction capacities coming online between now and the end of 2010 as much as 10,000 megawatts of new efficient coal-fired power is coming online between now and 2011. Industrial demand, which was down 20% or more in the early part of the year, has now recovered somewhat largely due to fertilizer production. And, of course, overlaying all of this is the state of the U.S. economy, and as importantly, the global economy and the pace of their respective recoveries.  We believe that because of our footprint in the U.S., both in pipes and E&P, we have as good a view on real-time gas supply and demand as anyone and better than many. And our conclusion from the data we see is that longer term, meaning beyond 2011, the evidence suggests that the case for natural gas is still really strong, especially in a carbon constrained world when the concept of pricing carbon emissions comes into play.  In this environment, we believe natural gas will be naturally advantaged and, therefore, will increase its market share in the demand for energy in the U.S. But shorter term, our crystal ball is very fuzzy, so while we are predicting low gas prices for a sustained period of time, we do believe that the probability of low gas prices for a sustained period of time has risen over the last six months. So, how have we chosen to respond?  This quarter we've added to our price protection materially for 2010 and 2011. In 2010 that protection's in the form of 175 Bcf of floors at $6.41, and roughly 113 Bcf of ceilings at $7.42. That represents a very substantial proportion of what we would expect to produce in 2010 in a constrained capital spending environment. Similarly, we've added 116 Bcf of 6x9 collars for 2011, again, designed to protect a substantial proportion of our production in that year in a capital constrained environment.  Now, let me turn to capital markets. We know that we need access to capital markets to fund our two businesses. Treasury rates have come down but high yield spreads have widened materially, and we all saw the impact of the events of the fall of last year when those markets were effectively closed. More recently, capital markets relevant to us have improved. Several high yield issuers have issued bonds in addition to El Paso.  The MLP market has shown signs of life. Some equity's been issued since the beginning of the year. All of these so-called green shoots are positive but still seem to us to be fragile and episodic. So in that environment how do we respond? Well, first we have a robust plan that is multiyear and is tested through many cases, including sustained low commodity prices.  Second, we started early last fall and satisfied all of our needs for 2009 effectively by January. Third, we've moved quickly and opportunistically and will continue to do so to satisfy our capital needs for 2010 and beyond. And last, we have or will use every tool in our toolkit, as is evidenced by the myriad of financings in non-strategic asset sales completed so far.  How we deal with these two key drivers, natural gas prices and capital markets availability, is key to making our strategy work. And that strategy is really pretty simple. We have something that very few of our competitors have in this environment, a clear path to long-term growth. And that's by virtue of the highest quality backlog in the pipeline business. We just have to execute on it successfully.  So, to start we don't think that hoping for natural gas prices to be higher is much of a strategy. That means we won't spend incremental drilling dollars today before the cost structure has reset on the hope of receiving $7 in the cash market because lower 48 supply will contract in the second half of this year. There are just too many offsetting variables for us to be willing to take that risk.  We intend to keep our liquidity strong our own diminutive version of Jamie Diamond's fortress balance sheet concept, if you will. By doing that we'll give our investors confidence in our continued ability to fund our businesses. We recently celebrated our 80th anniversary so we've seen lots of cycles. Our plan not only addresses our short-term responses to reduced commodity prices and constrained capital markets, it also preserves our longer term growth opportunities. We intend to stay laser focused on bringing our pipeline backlog in on time and on budget. We'll flex our EMT CapEx down until some combination of a step function improvement in cost and an improvement in cash prices materializes, while at the same time preserving our inventory and execution skills for the future and will continue to work our own cost structure down.  The result of all this, we think, is a compelling investment opportunity. Low risk growth at our pipeline business supported by a backlog of projects with a combined 93% of capacity sold under 10 plus year contracts. Limited down side as a result of strong liquidity and substantial commodity price protection for three years and great optionality on the recovery in gas prices whether that's in 2009 as some predict or in later years.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Mark and come back and wrap up at the end.
Mark Leland:  I'm starting on slide ten. As Doug noted, we really had a good quarter, not just in earnings but progress on items that are important to us over the next several years like maintaining strong liquidity, completing additional financings and putting new hedges on to support much of our cash flow through 2011. Starting with earnings, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $0.47 compared to adjusted earnings per share of $0.33 for the first quarter last year. I'll cover the adjustments on the next slide. Reported earnings per share for the quarter was a loss of $1.41, which includes a $1.3 billion after-tax non-cash ceiling test charge. The key drivers affecting first quarter earnings were higher pipeline EBIT than the same period last year and strong hedge position coupled with good operating metrics at the E&P segment. Jim and Brent will provide more color on business unit performance. The items impacting earnings this quarter are highlighted on slide 11. The first adjusting item this quarter is the non-cash ceiling test charge, which impacted earnings $1.92 per share negatively. This charge was driven by sharply lower natural gas prices which fell to $3.63 per Mmbtu from $5.71 per Mmbtu in the fourth quarter of last year.  The second and third adjusting items totaled $55 million pre-tax or $0.05 per share, our mark-to-market gains associated with the change in fair value of legacy power, trading and natural gas contracts in the marketing segment. The fourth item is a $45 million pre-tax or $0.04 per share adjustment related to financial derivatives in the E&P segment, due to lower prices, lower oil and gas prices in the quarter. This adjustment consists of $394 million mark-to-market gain on financial derivatives less $439 million of cash settlements in the quarter. Included in the cash settlements is $186 million realized with the early settlement of our 2009 $110 per barrel oil swaps, of which $149 million or $0.12 per share is related to contracts hedging April through December production. If you treat the $0.12 as an out of period, then we had a $0.35 per share quarter. However if you do that, you need to add the $0.12 back to the remainder of the year when calculating adjusted EPS at about $0.04 per quarter. Slide 12 highlights our business unit contributions. Both of our core businesses had great quarters. On a combined basis, pipeline and E&P businesses generated just over $1 billion in EBITDA, and adjusted proportionately EBITDA of about $1.1 billion, both before ceiling test charges. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated with our 50% interest in citrus and 49% interest in four star on a proportional basis. Marketing recorded EBITDA $52 million, which I'll provide more detail on this in a minute.  [Power] EBITDA was $4 million and corporate EBITDA was a loss of $5 million. There's a chart in the appendix that provides relevant details on adjusted EBITDA calculations. The marketing results are summarized on slide 13. This is the third consecutive quarter of improved results for this business. For the quarter we realized an EBIT gain of $52 million compared to a $60 million loss in the same period last year. The primary driver impacting marketing earnings is a non-cash mark-to-market earnings in the power of natural gas books, which are driven by the application of EITF 085 on our derivative liabilities, which effectively requires us to consider the risk of non-performance in valuing the liability without regard to letters of credit that may be posted against those liabilities. Now, I'm turning to cash flow on slide 14. Our cash flow from operations was very strong this quarter at $809 million, which is up from $634 million during the same period last year. CapEx in the quarter was $759 million. Dividends and distributions were $44 million, and thus makes us slightly pre-cash flow positive, even before considering the $210 million of non-core asset sales. So in short, we're free cash flow positive for the quarter and cash flow from operations was up 28% year-over-year.  Slide 15 shows liquidity at the end of the quarter and at the end of April which was $3.3 billion and $3.2 billion respectively. Note that at the end of February we had liquidity of $3.3 billion, so for the last three months liquidity has been very stable, which is consistent with our free cash flow position over the quarter. We have more than ample liquidity to meet our main maturities and fund the balance of our 2009 capital program.  Slide 16 rolls liquidity forward from the end of first quarter to the end of the year based on our current expectations of operating cash flow, maturities, dividends and CapEx. As you can see, we expect to end the year with between $1.3 and $1.6 billion liquidity, which gives us plenty of flexibility as we move into 2010. And we will continue to be opportunistic in 2009 to build financial flexibility and strength to finance our growth project backlog and our E&P opportunities over the next several years. I want to give an update on financing activities since our last call in February, which is summarized on slide 17. In the last several weeks we've added to our new letter of credit facility bringing the total to $150 million, which will take up to $350 million over the next couple of quarters to replace expiring LC facilities. We're also making progress on financing the Ruby project. We're in active negotiations with several potential partners, and while at the same time we've seen a pick up in interest from additional potential investors, as the project continues to mature. On the financing plan, we interviewed several banks to act as our financial advisor on the project and will select a lead bank by the end of May. As you may have seen, Florida Gas Transmission completed a very successful bond offering last week, which was upsized at $600 million at a rate of 7.9%. So now about half of the Phase VIII expansion has been financed. So the bottom line is that the market for raising capital is getting better, especially for pipeline projects, and we are staying out in front of our capital needs. The remainder of our hedge position for 2009 is summarized on slide 17. Our 2009 natural gas hedges are consistent with what we've shown you before. We have an average floor just over $9 on 122 TBtu and an average ceiling of a little over $14 or 96 TBtu. We have 1.4 million barrels of our oil production swapped at $45. Approximately 70% of our domestic natural gas production is hedged so we're in great shape for the rest of the year.  We've added substantially to our 2010 hedge program and established a strong floor 2011. These positions are highlighted on slide 19. On the gas side, we now have floors on 175 TBtu of our 2010 production at an average floor price of $6.41. The position is made up of 52 TBtu of swaps at an average price of $6.19 and 123 TBtu of puts averaging floor price of $6.50 per Mmbtu. In all upside is capped on 113 TBtu at $7.24. We recently established a 2011 hedge program that creates a very attractive floor price to protect our ability to generate solid cash flows while leaving plenty of outside potential should natural gas prices rebound in 2011. We now have floors on 125 TBtu of our 2011 production of an average floor price of about $6 with a ceiling price of about $8.62. To date we don't have any significant oil hedges for 2010 or 2011.  So to wrap it up, we had a very nice quarter from an operating results standpoint. Our liquidity is strong. We continue to make progress in financing our backlog and established a very attractive hedge program for 2010 and 2011. Our businesses are operating well in a tough environment. We feel comfortable achieving our 2009 financial targets we established on our last call.  So with that, I'll turn it over to Jim for pipeline update. 
Jim Yardley:  The pipelines are off to a solid start in 2009. Financially we continue to deliver consistent results. Throughput increased despite the economic recession, and we're making steady progress to deliver our $8 billion committed backlog. Six more projects will enter service this year or early next and we expect them to go in service at or below our budgeted comps. On slide 22, a summary of our financial results for the quarter. EBIT was $396 million up $15 million from first quarter 2008, a 4% increase. The EBIT increase was driven by higher revenue from expansions, capacity sales and higher [Park & Loan] revenue. Importantly operating costs were essentially flat year-to-year. And first quarter 2008 included some non-recurring items particularly the settlement of the Calpine bankruptcy, so that after adjusting for the non-recurring items EBIT increased 8% year-to-year. Capital expenditures of $286 million are comprised primarily of about $200 million spent on the backlog growth projects and the remainder on maintenance capital and hurricane repairs. The increase from first quarter 2008 is due primarily to higher backlog spending, mostly for Elba Express and Ruby, and hurricane repairs. So in summary, a solid start financially. Slide 23 summarizes our throughput for the quarter relative to last year. In short, higher throughput on our Rockies pipelines offset declines elsewhere, overall a 2% increase. The Rockies increase resulted from year-to-year production increases but also expansions, both out of production basins as well as our High Plains expansion into Denver which went into service last fall. Throughput on our other three pipes was mixed with the most notable trends being some gas for coal substitution on power gen loads offset by declines in industrial demand and the impact of the economy, especially in our markets in Arizona.  Some of these trends will likely persist, though we see some tangible signs of the declines in industrial demand lessening to somewhat, as Doug mentioned, to recovery and demand at fertilizer plants that we serve. And as you know, our revenue stream consists predominately of demand charges so throughput changes have only a minor impact on revenue.  On slide 24, our growth projects for 2009 and early 2010 continue to be on time and on budget. The first one to go in service this year is our Carthage line expansion to serve a new Entergy power plant in northern Louisiana. This project will go in service later this month. Our Totem Storage project for Xcel in Colorado will go in service for working storage injections in July, we're injecting the base gas now. And then on the fourth quarter we'll place in service two compression expansions, one on our Piceance Lateral on the Rockies and the other on TGP in New Hampshire for National Grid.  And these will be followed in early 2010 by our Elba projects, the expansion of the Elba terminal and our Elba Express pipeline. We just kicked off construction on Elba Express. It's our largest construction project this year. It's 190 miles of 42-inch and 36-inch pipe and will connect Elba Island supplies into Transco's main line at the Georgia/South Carolina state line. A 100% of the capacity in all six of these expansions is fully contracted under long-term contracts.  On slide 25, let's talk about Ruby. We've been fielding a number of questions about it. Mark and Doug gave an update on where we are on partnering and financing the project. I'll talk about how we view Ruby as an investment for El Paso. And my message is simple. Ruby is a strategic and valuable long-term investment for El Paso. And let me make four points on this.  First, the foundation for Ruby was, and still is, based on the long-term macro outlook in the west. This macro is grounded in pipeline constraints out of the Rockies, obviously a very prolific and important supply region, and declining Canadian exports to the U.S. on which California and the northwest are particularly dependent. Very simply, Ruby will provide a needed outlet for pipeline constrained Rockies production and connect the supply to the west coast in need of additional supply and supply diversity.  And these long-term fundamentals hold true today. Although Rockies drilling activity has declined and production has flattened, the Rockies have a huge resource base, an estimated 250 Tcf of remaining recoverable reserves, according to the Colorado School of Mines. And Canadian exports are expected to continue to decline by 2 Bcf a day or more through 2014.  Second, there is clear evidence of the market's belief in this macro. We have 1.1 Bcf a day of the 1.3 Bcf to 1.5 Bcf a day of capacity subscribed under long-term contracts. The contracts are with 12 shippers, 11 Rockies producers and PG&E on the market side. We're actively marketing the remaining capacity, and while the decline in Rockies drilling has temporarily slowed, producer's appetite for additional capacity, markets in Nevada and the northwest are in need of capacity particularly for power gen.  Third, we're on schedule for an early 2011 in-service day. We expect FERC to issue its draft EIS in June and last week FERC announced it's schedule to issue a final EIS in October and its order in January 2010. We have strong support at FERC from both the producer shippers and PG&E, as well as the California PUC. We also have support from the governors of Wyoming, Colorado, Nevada and Utah.  And finally we fully expect to complete the project within our $3 billion budget. Over $1 billion of costs are already locked in, our pipe, compression, valves and fittings. Pipe is being rolled today and will be delivered continuously through early next year. We have incentive based installation contracts with four top flight pipeline contractors, and we've been doing extensive construction planning with these contractors for the last 18 months.  We spent considerable time on route selection, environmental analysis and geo-technical analysis. We've had significant consultation with various permitting agencies, and have made adjustments to our route to avoid environmental and archaeologically sensitive areas. And we've reached out to NGOs and landowners. We've received voluntary survey permission from 100% of landowners, which is a significant indication that our outreach effort is working. So all this makes us feel very comfortable with our budgeted capital costs. In short, we expect Ruby to be a solid long-term investment.  Due to the economic recession and drilling downturn, it may or may not be fully subscribed from day one. But even in the event it takes some time to ramp up to full subscription, we still are in a solid regulated return over the long-term. We're moving forward with this very important and strategic investment. It will be an excellent one for El Paso, our partners and customers.  Turn to slide 26, an update on our $8 billion committed backlog. This slide shows the capacity and capital cost for each project, an aggregate to total capacity on all these projects is 93% subscribed under long-term contracts. There's been very little change in the projects capital cost and in-service dates since our last call. The only change being a deferral of the in-service date of our [Attune] 2010 project from the second quarter to fourth quarter 2010 that was requested by our shippers.  The punch line here is that, as we continue to move these projects along, we grow more comfortable that we'll bring them in at or below our budgeted costs. So in summary the pipes are off to a strong start in 2009, financially and operationally, and we're focused on executing on our backlog. You'll see another four of these projects enter service this year.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Brent.
Brent Smolik:  E&P started the year strong and we had a quarter operationally. We only included one chart in the E&P section that compares the first quarter of '09 with the first quarter of '08. We're obviously in a totally different environment than we were a year ago, so I'm going to spend most of my time discussing our current thinking about capital, what's going on with costs and how we're advancing our key drilling programs in the current environment. Turning to slide 29, first quarter production is up 7% from the fourth quarter at 803 million per day. During the quarter most of our Gulf production came back on line and we've benefited from a scaled back but successful Q1 drilling program. That included the benefit of our high initial production rate from our Haynesville wells. In the quarter, we completed our fifth Shale well and our sixth well came on line in early April. I'll give you a full Haynesville update in a moment, but the short story is that we've rapidly advanced this program and we're drilling and completing these wells as efficiently as any of our industry peers. And while we're always focused on value creation, our current focus is even more intense given the steep drop in natural gas and oil prices. We've seen prices come down a lot faster than cost, so we've continued to reduce our activity levels and our capital spend rate through the quarter. Our Q1 adjusted EBITDA of $557 million was almost twice our CapEx for the quarter of $321 million. Admittedly, the adjusted EBITDA includes the early settlement of our 2009 oil hedges, but for the quarter our capital program was well within our E&P cash flow. We've actively updating our inventory of future capital projects and our plans as we prioritize our cap allocation options for 2009 and for '10. And as Doug and Mark mentioned, during the quarter we significantly increased our 2010 and 2011 hedge positions. And finally, we recently completed an E&P reorganization that we expect to drive further efficiencies in our programs. Geographically you'll see us moving from four domestic divisions to three by combining the Gulf of Mexico and Texas Gulf Coast to create the new Gulf Coast division. And we've also created a centralized operations group. It's comprised of drilling, production operations, supply chain management, safety and the environmental teams. These organizational shifts will result in an improved execution going forward and more rapid adjustment to the declining service cost market. Let's move to slide 30. We've condensed all of our financial and operational metrics into one slide, but there's additional details in the appendix for your review. As Mark described, we had a significant ceiling test charge this quarter. It was driven by the quarter ending natural gas prices being 36% lower than year end and that lower gas price resulted in about 400 Bcf of natural gas reserve revisions. With out the charge our EBIT was up roughly $140 million from last year. Q1, 2008 included about $102 million a day of production that we subsequently divested, and when you account for those divested volumes, overall production was up approximately 2% year-over-year. So much of the EBIT improvement came from our solid 2009 hedging program. The first quarter will likely be our peak quarter for capital at $321 million since we've lowered our capital spending significantly and because service costs continue to come down. Overall cash costs were down compared to the first quarter of 2008 by about $8 million.  The unit cost of $2 per M is down $0.09 from the fourth quarter of 2008 and also trending lower as operating expenses trend down, and in the first quarter we also included a one-time severance charge in G&A of approximately $0.04 a unit. As expected, the DD&A rate was substantially lower due to our previous year end ceiling test charge, and then given the impact of the first quarter charge, we now expect our full year DD&A rate to drop to the $1.70 to $1.90 range. Now turning to slide 31, this chart summarizes our view of the 2009 service cost structure. The middle column summarizes how service costs have shifted on average during Q1 across our domestic portfolio. The third column or right column summarizes how we project them to decline further during the remainder of 2009, and the comparisons versus our 2008 average for our programs and those two columns are meant to be additive by the end of 2009. That's the kinds of reductions we would expect to see by the end of the year. Slide 32 demonstrates our response to those cost trends. The graph shows our operating rig count at the end of each quarter going back to Q1 of 2008 and our projections for the remainder of the year. As you can see, we swiftly cut capital in the fourth quarter in response to lower commodity prices and the state of the capital markets and then we've continued to reduce our capital spending. We'll have six to eight rigs operating by the end of Q2 primarily in the Arklatex with perhaps one in Utah and the Altamont oil play, and one in South Texas and we also have in those numbers one operated rig working in Egypt. The path for the remainder of the year remains fluid. We've narrowed our full year range to $900 million to $1.2 billion and correspondingly we've adjusted our production guidance to $730 million to $800 million a day. Now, $300 million is still a fairly wide range for this far into the year for capital, but you should expect this to be near the midpoint of that range unless costs or price trends improve significantly.  As you can see in the bar graph, that could mean going down to five or six rigs for the remainder of the year or ramping back up to as high as about 15. We sold non-core U.S. properties that were producing about $15 million per day in the quarter, which added about $90 million to our liquidity and in spite of those sales our production is very much on track with our original guidance. So we're very pleased to date with the performance of all of our domestic divisions, and we'll keep you posted about how the project program, the capital program sorts out, but regardless of the size we'll ensure that our capital program is creating value as we go forward through the year. Let's now go to Haynesville on slide 33. We brought on one more Haynesville well in February, since the February call that's the Gamble11H which IP'd at almost $18 million a day. We held that production back somewhat during the frac cleanup but we view the Gamble 11H well to be similar quality to the Blake well. We're also completing an additional well now and we currently have two Haynesville wells drilling. On this slide we've also included two graphs that we thought you might find interesting. The top one on the right shows the well performance of the first five wells from time zero. That's where you can see the comparable performance of the Blake and the Gamble 11H wells together.  On the bottom graph you can see our historic total net Haynesville production, and it's not hard to see when a new well comes on line. And we really come up the learning curve quickly, both in terms of our drilling and completing of these wells, and if you go to the next chart on 34, it demonstrates our spud to completion cycle time for the play, and this is for the Louisiana portion of the play where we've been the most focused as a company We've plotted all the wells that have been drilled and completed and reported to the state, including the five that we've completed. As you can see, our last two wells are among the fastest in the industry. Now, obviously, we paid close attention to the initial production rates, but this cycle time metrics is an important indicator of our relative cost and efficiency in the trend. And while it's still relatively early days, we believe that we've got an inventory now and a program that stacks up well against others in the Haynesville play.  Slide 35 includes an update for our Cotton Valley horizontal program also in the Arklatex. Again we show this because economically it ranks high in our portfolio, and we're well positioned in the trend. As shown on the chart, we've completed three wells since the last call with gross IP rates that average above $6 million a day, and that last well by the way is still cleaning up after the frac treatment.  We've also included the same type of production graphs here that we had for the Haynesville, and you can see the initial rates are not as high as the Haynesville, but the decline rates are not quite as severe and the completed well costs are lower. We're usually in the $6 to $7 million range here. As the graph on the bottom right shows, the impact on production is also meaningful. That's why we generally kept one to two rigs working in this program. It doesn't have the headline appeal of the Haynesville, but this is one of our core programs and will be for a long time as a result of having over a hundred locations in our inventory. Let's switch gears and talk about the Altamont oil field for a moment in Utah on slide 36. As we've discussed before, the Altamont Bluebell field is a huge tight oil field where we have a net risk resource estimate of over 70 million barrel equivalents. We were ramping up activity here when oil was almost $150 a barrel, and now we've adjusted to the lower oil prices. And there's a couple of important updates for the program. First, costs have come down significantly, partly due to deflation of all service costs and partly due to our own efficiency gains, and then second and just as important, is the fact that we're getting much higher initial producing rates out of the wells. The graph on the right shows our average 2008 well cost and the 30-day IP rates and our last three wells that have been completed in 2009. And you can see that two of the last three wells are near 1,000 barrels a day as we continue to improve our selection criteria and the completion techniques. The bottom line is that this program is now profitable below $50 per barrel, and based on the WTI strip pricing, our Altamont drilling inventory gives us a nice CapEx option. On slide 37, I'll give you a brief update on our international programs. Petrobras has recently advised us that the Camarupim field will not begin production until late June or until early July. The delays are primarily in the subsea well hook ups and the FPSO commissioning procedures, but all the equipment is basically onsite and being commissioned. Once online our production expectations are unchanged. It should produce 50 to 60 million cubic feet a day, net to our interest when all four wells are on stream, and the delays will have an impact on our full year production performance by about 20 to25 million a day annual average, but that's going to be largely offset by better than planned domestic production, which is why the midpoint of our 2009 volume range is essentially unchanged.  As you know, we had some successful Brazil exploration wells in the fourth quarter of last year and earlier this year. One was in the same block as the Camarupim, the top well, the second well BM Cal 5 block that's the [Kopieva] prospect, and we continue to evaluate additional appraisal drilling of those two discoveries with Petrobras, as well as the possibility of additional exploration drilling in 2009.  And finally the regulatory process for our [inaudible] oil project continues to move forward and we'll continue to be patient with that project as we update costs, which are coming down, advance the regulatory approval process, and we monitor all prices.  In Egypt, we successfully negotiated and captured a 50% working interest in the [sepsa] operated south Alamein block located onshore in the western desert. And while we are waiting final governmental approval on the farm end, we spud the first exploratory well. It started in February and it's nearing completion.  We did have some disappointing news in Egypt at our operated South Mariut block. Our first well found nice reservoir quality sands on structural highs, but unfortunately it was wet and was declared a dry hole. Now remember the South Mariut block is a large concession with multiple play types and prospects that we shared with our 40% partner RWE, and we're now preparing to spud our second well to test another one of those prospects in the block. We're optimistic about our Egypt business primarily because we've expanded our footprint and we diversified our interest in some very perspective trends.  Slide 38 demonstrates that our Egypt is located between the western desert and the Nile Delta, and we now have interest in three blocks that total about 1.5 million net acres. As I discussed on the last slide, that South Alamein farm end is currently pending the final approval from the petroleum minister, but we've now diversified our interest across those three blocks. In total, we anticipate spending about $60 million to $80 million dollars on five to seven exploration wells in 2009.  So, I'll conclude on slide 39. We're highly focused, especially in this environment, on managing our capital to create value. Service cost has started to come down, but we need them to come down more before we elect to increase our rig activity later in the year. We're focused on our core programs and they're performing well, and a lot of this success is due to the efficiency gains that we've created by our own efforts. And I want to thank our team for the improvements to date, and I believe that our new organization structure is going to help us drive those efficiencies every further. Before I close, I want to remind you that our drilling program is touching just a fraction of our current inventory. We can be flexible with regard to our capital program since much of our lands are either held by production or have a good bit of term remaining, so we're preserving our inventory while we throttle back our drilling program.  I will now turn back to Doug for closing comments. 
Doug Foshee: We have a lot of wood to chop in 2009 and we're doing it in a very challenging environment, but we couldn't be more pleased with the start we got in the first quarter. And we're happy to answer your questions this morning. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Ron Barone - UBS Securities. 
Shneur Gershuni – UBS: It's actually Shneur Gershuni. Just a couple of quick questions here, I was wondering, you've sort of talked about Ruby at the beginning that you're in the late innings of finding a partner. Just wanted to confirm that whatever portion you get an investor in, whether it's 50% or less, that the percentage ownership would equal the percentage economics. Is that effectively what you are targeting?
Doug Foshee: Yes. 
Shneur Gershuni – UBS: So there won't be any surprise in that respect basically.
Doug Foshee: No. 
Shneur Gershuni – UBS: Okay. Moving on, just two quick questions, with respect to EPB, you did a dropdown back in September, you took some units on it. EPB has obviously done very well, as well as many of the FERC regulated pipeline MLPs have done well. Is there an option on the table to potentially pursue further dropdowns as a source of potential capital, as well as liquidating some of the position you took on back in September as well?
Mark Leland: Shneur, its Mark Leland. The MLP market has been fairly robust, though it seems fragile like all markets more than we expected in terms of the ability to access the market. So, we definitely like the idea of doing additional transactions at the MLP, but we'll just wait and see and potentially be opportunistic. We do not expect to sell any of our units that we on.
Shneur Gershuni – UBS: Okay. One last question for Brent on the Haynesville commentary, if I heard you correctly, if you can just confirm, is that you believe you have few results right now, that the results are inline, if not better, both a production and on a cycle time basis than some of the other players in the Haynesville. And, I was wondering if you can comment on whether you're participating in some of the data sharing that has been going on with some of the other players in the Haynesville as well?
Brent Smolik: Yes, definitely. We've got [CA's] signed and data sharing arrangement with several other companies, especially on the Louisiana side where the most activity has been and where most of our acreage is. We also had non-op interest in some of those wells, so we actually see AFE. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Carl Kirst - BMO Capital. 
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital: Just actually a clarifying question, if I could, on Ruby, and Mark I think the statement in the slides was a financial advisor, Bonnie Mae. Is that somehow different than actual joint venture partners or is that just more signaling that this is basically a financial player?
Mark Leland: No. 
Brent Smolik: Two things completely different. 
Mark Leland: Two things different, what that is, is the lead project financing advisor.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital: Okay, appreciate the clarification. With respect also on Ruby, Jim, you mentioned Nevada potentially picking up some or I guess needing some load there. Is that where you, if over the next two years we do see incremental contract from Ruby, I mean is that something that you think is going to be picking up the slack, or is that just more sort of a potential what if so to speak?
Jim Yardley: I really think you ought to look at it more globally. We see in the west in northern California, Nevada, the northwest incremental demand for power gen. A lot of that could easily be gas. Separate and distinct from that, there is the driver of supply diversification away from Canadian gas by existing users. So, I wouldn't limit it just to Nevada. 
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital : Okay, fair enough. And then just, Brent, on the Haynesville, it sort of seems that the cycle times kind of now appear to be kind of flattening out at least over the last three months or so and the 75 to 80 days. Do you think that, as you guys move up the learning curve, that we could continue to see material pickups in cycle time, or is this is more like 75 sort of ultimately going down to 70, so to speak.
Brent Smolik: Yes, you can see it flattening a little, but don't rule out technology shifts and operational design shifts. For example, the current well we're completing we're working 24 hour a day on the completion, which saves money for us and the suppliers shortened cycle time. So we'll continue to look for new ideas, if they're cost effective for both us and the suppliers to take days off.
Operator: Your next question comes from Faisel Khan - Citigroup. 
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: If I am looking at the Haynesville slide on page 33, it seems that if I'm going from Miller Land all the way to GR Gamble, obviously IP rates are also going up. I'm also looking at the sequence of those wells, that when you started drilling and when they came online, it seems like your higher IP rate came later on in the game. Is that a function of where you chose to drill or is that a function of how you chose to drill? 
Brent Smolik: I think it is where and how we chose to complete. And so as we moved a little further east in the thicker part of the Haynesville, we're getting higher rates, but we've also lengthened the lateral length and we've added frac stages. And so, as we optimize the cost and benefit of longer lateral length and more frac stages, we'll find the right numbers and get the right rate frac cost combination.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Okay. So it's fair to say that if you had known what you know now after drilling GR Gamble, your Miller Land well would have done just as well. 
Brent Smolik: Maybe not just as well, but better because we would have drilled it longer and we'd have fraced it with several more stages, maybe three or four more stages.
Faisel Kahn - Citigroup: And then earlier in the conference I think you said, you had drilled a discovery in Brazil on one of the other blocks. Is that still? I missed some commentary. 
Brent Smolik: Yes, I was referencing. We had talked about it previously and I just referenced back because it's part of our capital uncertainty if we appraise those wells this year with Petrobras. But, the two of them were, a well called Todd, that's in the [EIS-5 Block], that's the same block that Camarupim development project is located in, and the second one was called [Cobyeba]. That was a discovery that flowed a couple thousand barrels a day on test that we drilled jointly with Petrobras in a block called BM Cal-5 and so those were both discoveries. Our debate for 2009 CapEx is do we appraise it this year. 
Faisel Kahn - Citigroup: In the Texas Gulf Coast, the sequential drop in volume is about 20 million cubic feet a day for the fourth quarter to first quarter, what was that a function of? 
Brent Smolik: Yes, I think that's, you see in the capital pull back in South Texas, primarily in some of the natural decline, what we'll get from that. 
Faisel Kahn - Citigroup: Then in Altamont, what's the oil price that you guys realized on that basis? 
Brent Smolik: We've been averaging about $12 to maybe $13 back of WTI. 
Faisel Kahn - Citigroup: Okay, and then, on the pipeline side, with your long lead time projects to 2011. What are your customers saying about those projects? Are they very much, they've already committed to those projects, but could they ask you, to slow things down if the economy continues at the current pace or are those projects, they're still very much wanting them to come online at that time? 
Mark Leland: Yes, I think the answer to that is that we're always talking to our customers, both on the market side as well as the producer side. But, I wouldn't expect any significant change in service timing of those projects. If there are things around the edges that make sense, we're glad to do it and, likewise, if there's a way to maintain our current profitability. But, I wouldn't expect any big changes. 
Faisel Kahn - Citigroup: Last question, I guess, I think you have a large customer that's coming up for resigning on one of your western pipelines towards the end of this year. Any expectations on, there's a demand for that capacity? 
Mark Leland: I think, with respect to re-contracting across our pipes, whether it be in the west or east or northeast, I think we feel very good about things. If, in particularly, in the west, I think there are signs that California, in particular, likes the fact that their big LDCs there have a relatively low cost insurance policy as the result of the amount of FT that they have. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Allman - JP Morgan. 
Joseph Allman – JP Morgan: Brent, could you comment on the recent costs of the recent Haynesville wells and what kind of lateral length are you looking at these days and how many frac stages? 
Brent Smolik: Yes, there's some, so I'll go back. Frac stages, we're in the kind of 10 to 12 range leaning towards more. It looks like is better economically. Probably, it's a lateral length limited by spacing most of the time, so 4,000 to 5,000 feet if we can fit it in based on surface and lease constraints. And costs are kind of just above $10 million, $10 million to $11 million, at late last year, first quarter of this year, costs structure and when we quote those, that's a full, completed tied in, going down the flow line kind of costs. 
Joseph Allman – JP Morgan: Okay, any comment on the direction of those? I mean I would assume you're thinking that they're going to go down, but could you give us what the target might be, say, by year end 2009? 
Brent Smolik: Yes, I think if you look back to that service costs table is why we put that in there, but those are some of the biggest percentage spend items between the rig and stem primarily. And so, if we can get to a point to see 30% to 50% cost reductions, then those are going to translate not fully, but largely to the total well costs. 
Joseph Allman – JP Morgan: Okay, that's helpful and, then, EURs, what kind of EURs are you looking at for the wells you've drilled so far? 
Brent Smolik: Again, there's a lot of variation that you can see on that chart, but on the better wells that you see on the chart, we're probably eight to ten B's per well is what those are working out. I don't know that we can yet say that for the full average, but we can say it for the better wells. 
Joseph Allman – JP Morgan: Okay, that's helpful and, then, in terms of your new E&P budget, does that reflect the costs that you show, the cost decline that you showed in that table? 
Brent Smolik: It's attempting too. We're trying and letting on a lot of things there, international activity, Petrobras activity, there are costs structures in the domestic U.S. and how fast it adjusts, and then activity levels. So, we've got a lot moving parts in there. But, we've tried to factor in our best view of where costs are headed. 
Joseph Allman – JP Morgan: Okay, lastly, could you just talk about rigs? How many rigs you've got running right now and where are they operating and in your timeline, you showed that you think that you might be increasing the rigs? Could you talk about that a little bit too? 
Brent Smolik: Yes, that currently, by the end of Q2 or the next little bit here, we'll be down to mostly Arklatex rigs. We may have one running in South Texas, one running in Utah in the Altamont oil play, and one in Egypt that's operated. We'll have a few non-operated rigs as well. But I'm giving you the operated activity and the Arklatex will probably be in that three to four range and so, somewhere around six to eight is what we're looking at by the end of the quarter and it could stay that low or even lower by the end of the year if costs don't improve. If it gets better, we show on the one chart in the deck that we could maybe get up to as high as 15 and live within that capital range. 
Joseph Allman – JP Morgan: Where would you add the next rigs if prices improve here? 
Brent Smolik: Today, the way where we sit here today, would be Haynesville and, perhaps, Cotton Valley Horizontal, maybe in Altamont, a second rig if oil prices continue to strengthen. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Becca Followill - Tudor, Pickering & Holt.
Becca Followill – Tudor Pickering: Mark, can you talk about your revolver discussions and where that stands and what your expectations are once that finalizes? 
Mark Leland: Yes, we're in the final stages of finalizing the borrowing base re-determination and we have no indication that there'll be changes to our borrowing base. So we think we're nearly done and no changes to the reserve base supporting the revolver. 
Becca Followill – Tudor Pickering: Great, and then, this is probably and unfair question, but I've got to try anyway, in light of the CapEx reductions for 2009, and just the band that you have for there, any thoughts on 2010 production? 
Brent Smolik: No, and we're just not and it's for a couple of reasons, Becca. We still have a relatively wide of CapEx for this year. But, 2010, as we've said before, because most of our E&P CapEx is discretionary, that could be a very wide band and we're just not prepared to guide today on what that might look like. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Holly Stewart - Howard Weil. 
Holly Stewart – Howard Weil Inc.: I have two quick ones, one on the guidance and one on Ruby. First, on the guidance, the $0.85 to $1.05, are you still comfortable after taking into account the better than expected 1Q, the lower DD&A and the lower service costs? 
Mark Leland: Yes, Holly, this is Mark. I think that we definitely will have lower DD&A. Remember that our guidance was based on $5 gas, so we expect that we'll see lower, even though we're very well hedged, we're still 70% hedged, so we expect to see a little lower earnings there. So, at the end of the day, we have an adjusted guidance, but I think we're trending towards the higher end of the EPS guidance. 
Holly Stewart – Howard Weil Inc.: Okay, perfect, and secondly, just kind of following up on Shenur's question on Ruby. Assuming a 50/50 partner, is it safe to say that the sunk costs on Ruby are not necessarily going to be reimbursed at that 50% or 50/50 rate? 
Brent Smolik: No, that's not safe to say. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Stuart Wyman – Catapult.
Shneur Gershuni – UBS: Hi, yes, this is actually Shneur Gershuni, a quick question on the Haynesville slide. The two wells that came at 15 million and 20 million IP, what is your best projection at the EURs on those wells at this point? 
Brent Smolik: Yes, I'd rather not get down to the well level projection. We talked about that a little bit ago. I think those higher rate wells for the trend look like they're pending kind of in the 8 to 10 Bcf range per well and I think, for now, as early as it is in the trend, that's about as good as we can do. 
Shneur Gershuni – UBS: And that's over period is that 8 Bcf produced? 
Brent Smolik: Oh, those are going to be very long lived, so 30, 40-year lives. 
Shneur Gershuni – UBS: Okay. Just another quick question on a different topic, what's the total CapEx spend to date on Ruby?
Mark Leland: It's about $120 million or so. 
Brent Smolik: On that question, just to clarify the long lived on the Haynesville Wells but because of those steep initial declines, we'll get about a quarter of the production in the first year. 
Shneur Gershuni – UBS: Thank you. 
Brent Smolik: Operator, we'll take one more question, please. 
Operator: Your last question comes from Mark Caruso - Millennium Partners. 
Mark Caruso - Millennium Partners: I had just had a follow up that Shneur had touched on it a little bit, but as we look at your 2010 financing needs, and Mark and you guys had said you guys are going to be opportunistic to get ahead of that, but does the 2010 guideline cap ex assume 100% El Paso ownership of Ruby or 50%? 
Brent Smolik: Well, we haven't given guidance for 2010. 
Mark Caruso - Millennium Partners: But, yes, I think you guys gave us a three-year CapEx number? 
Brent Smolik: But we have said that one of our primary goals for 2009 is to have a partner on Ruby. 
Mark Caruso - Millennium Partners: Sort of just from a high level, then if Ruby's at $1 billion of CapEx then if you get a partner, that's $500 million less you'd have to get financing for next year and, then if you guys do a drop down let's say $200 million to $300 million, that would be further or less that you'd have to do in 2010 for financing? I just want to make sure I'm thinking about it the right way. 
Brent Smolik: Yes, generally, that's correct. 
Operator: This concludes our conference call for today. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Bruce Connery – VP, Investor and Public Relations Doug Foshee – President and CEO Mark Leland – EVP and CFO Jim Yardley – President, Pipeline Group Brent Smolik – President, El Paso E&P Company
Analysts: Shneur Gershuni – UBS Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Faisel Khan – Citigroup Becca Followill – Tudor, Pickering Rick [ph] – Barclays Capital Sam Brothwell – Wachovia
Operator: Good morning. My name is Abigail and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the El Paso Corporation fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) Thank you. Mr. Connery, you may begin your conference.
Bruce Connery: Good morning. And thanks for joining our call. In just a moment I’ll turn the call over to Doug Foshee, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Others with us this morning who will be participating on the call are Mark Leland, our CFO; Jim Yardley, President of our Pipeline group; and Brent Smolik, President of El Paso E&P Company. Throughout this call we will be referring to slides that are available on our Web site at elpaso.com. This morning, we issued a press release and filed it with the SEC as an 8-K, and it is also on our Web site. During this call, we will include certain forward-looking statements and projections. The company has made every reasonable effort to ensure that the information and assumptions on which these statements and projections are based are current, reasonable, and complete. However, a variety of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the statements and projections expressed in this call. Those factors are identified under cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements section of earnings press release as well as in other of our filings with the SEC. And you should refer to them. The company assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements made during this call or any other forward-looking statements made by the company, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. And please note that during the call, we will be using non-GAAP terms such EBIT and EBITDA. And we have included a reconciliation of all non-GAAP numbers in the appendix to our presentation. I’ll now turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Foshee: Thanks, Bruce, and good morning. I’d like to kick off this morning by hitting the highlights for 2008 and setting out our plans for leading the company through the current environment. And then before I turn it over to Mark, I want to spend a few minutes describing to you our key priorities. In spite of the challenges in 2008 from the hurricane season and then the subsequent meltdown of the economy, we had some significant accomplishments for the year. Though I know we can’t ignore the price related ceiling test charge here at the end of the year, it’s a fact that but for that charge caused by the precipitous drop in commodity prices in the fourth quarter, we would have posted our sixth consecutive year of improved earnings. And both of our business units contributed significantly to that success. In the pipes, we placed seven growth projects in service. We see in the outcomes here, with the projects overall in service at seven times their run rate EBITDA, the positive effects of all of the investments we’ve made over the last two years with Jim and his team in improving our commercial skills, our supply chain skills, and our project execution skills. These investments will continue to pay dividends as we move forward on the other signature achievement for the year, securing a committed backlog of $8 billion in new growth projects, which we expect to generate an incremental $1.2 billion of EBITDA a year when fully in service. And all of this was accomplished while achieving the best safety performance in our history. Over in E&P, we grew our non-crude inventory by almost 30% year-over-year. And the gross growth was an area that had all the attributes we looked for, significant acreage largely held by production, lots of relatively low risk repeatability so we can benefit from continued – continuous improvement, and longevity. Also, again before considering the effects of the price revision at year-end, we achieved reserve replacement ratio of almost 200%. This increase was done at a cost per unit domestically at $2.87, a 12% reduction over 2007 in a year where costs were an all time high. This is a direct result of our high-grade process over the past few years; the investments we’ve made to upgrade our supply chain management skills; and, a focus by Brent and his team on larger scale, more repeatable programs. In Brazil, we had success with the drill bit. And in Egypt we kicked off a very exciting drilling campaign. And Brent’s going to describe these in more detail during his comments. We put in place during 2008 a significant amount of price protection for 2009 that today have a value of over $650 million. That gives us significantly more flexibility in how we manage through this year. In addition, we’ve been able to leg in into some 2010 price protection at attractive levels. Our cash flow from operations for 2008 was up over 30% from 2007. Finally, and maybe most importantly, we reacted quickly to changes in the markets and built liquidity significantly. Under very difficult market conditions, the teams executed on several asset sales. And Mark and his finance team accessed both public and private debt markets. The combination of which has us today holding $3 billion – $3.3 billion of liquidity, eliminating our need to access capital markets this year under any commodity price scenario. Now let me get – move on to 2009 and beyond. We find ourselves as a leader in uncharted waters. Commodity prices are low and have descended at a rate much faster than cost. Demand for our products is down. We’re all trying to forecast when the effects of a dramatic drop off in drilling activity will result in a rebalancing of the supply-demand equation, especially for natural gas. The global recession means some new realities in capital markets today and a great deal of uncertainty as to the future. The monetary and fiscal stimulus that’s been both provided and proposed by Congress, Treasury, and the Federal Reserve means that all of the normal macroeconomic drivers will suffer distortion maybe for a long time. Any one of these would be a real leadership challenge, but the combination leaves us faced with an unprecedented need to manage in real-time; to constantly reassess our assumptions under various scenarios; to maintain maximum flexibility to respond to near term events; and, to communicate regularly with our primary constituencies, our investors, our customers, our employees, and our Board. So in that environment what have we done so far? First, we acted swiftly to address our liquidity needs in 2009. Second, we cut capital. But we made the cuts with some principles in mind. We want to protect our ability to execute on the backlog of committed projects we have in the pipes at all cost. But even here we’ve worked to reduce capital by working our supply chain early and often. At E&P, we knew that it was appropriate to cut capital. But we wanted to do it in a way that preserves as much of our future inventory as possible. In addition, we need real-time mechanisms and lots of communication to ensure that we’re staying focused on generating adequate returns on the capital we do spend given the fluidity of commodity prices, basis differentials, and oil field services cost. And in this environment we want to shorten up the duration of our supply chain as much as possible to give us as much flexibility as possible and oil field services market that, at least in the near term, has excess capacity. We’ve been diligent in communicating with the rest of the 5,000 members of team El Paso, exactly what our challenges are and how we intend to respond. Finally, we’ve set up much more frequent reviews of our plan not only among the leadership team, but also with our Board. Now, if you would turn to slide seven, titled “Key Priorities”, in an environment like the one we find ourselves in today, the tactical priorities take precedence over many things. But we’re trying hard to make all of these near term decisions in a way that preserves our longer term strategic objectives. So on time and on budget for $8 billion worth of growth projects is absolutely front and center for Jim and his team. At the same time, we need to continue to listen to our customers and their needs and be ready to respond while being selective about new opportunities. And finally, our commitment to our industry leading pipeline integrity program and its completion is sacrosanct. As a reminder, we’re spending about $75 million a year to make all of our onshore pipes six inches and greater, in-line inspectable or (inaudible) by 2012, going well beyond Federal safety requirements. In E&P, our team knows that we need to be prepared to flex their program up and down more than is ideal. And we need to do this without sacrificing our ability to capture opportunities down the road. The team needs to live within its means. And finally, we continue to look for opportunities to high-grade our portfolio even in a down market as we did just recently with the sale of some mature assets. With regard to our balance sheet, we’ll continue to maximize liquidity and use the full suite of funding tools available to us. We don’t know where gas prices will be for the next few years so we’re taking actions to ensure that we can withstand a prolonged period of low commodity prices. But we’ll preserve the investment grade ratings in our pipes. And as the growth projects come on stream and begin producing that incremental $1.2 billion in cash annually, we’ll look to significantly improve our credit metrics. Finally, we’ll continue to work on continuously improving our return on total capital. With that as pretext, I’ll turn it over to Mark and come back at the end to wrap up. Mark?
Mark Leland: Thank you, Doug. And good morning, everybody. I’m starting on slide nine. As Doug mentioned, despite the challenging environment in which we included the financial market’s turmoil, falling commodity prices, plus residual impact of Hurricane Ike, this quarter, the company generated good earnings and cash flow. We’re reporting adjusted earnings per share of $0.21 compared to adjusted earnings per share of $0.27 for the fourth quarter of last year. I’ll cover the adjustments on the next slide. Reported earnings per share was a loss of $2.43, which includes a $2.8 billion non-cash ceiling test charge and impairment of our investment in Four Star. Adjusted or proportional EBITDA was $1 billion, up 15% from the same period last year. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter includes over $225 million of mark-to-market gains and other special items. Excluding those items in mark-to-market gains, adjusted EBITDA was 11% lower than the same period last year. The key drivers affecting the fourth quarter earnings were lower oil and natural gas prices and residual impacts on both business units from Hurricane Ike. Jim and Brent will provide more color on business unit performance. For the full year, we’re reporting adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.31, compared to $1 last year. Adjusted or proportional EBITDA was just under $4.1 billion, compared to just under $3.1 billion last year. And cash flow from operations was $2,370 million, up 31% from last year. So for the full year we saw significant improvement in cash flow and adjusted earnings. The items impacting earnings this quarter are highlighted on slide 10. This quarter we’re adjusting for the ceiling test charges and Four Star impairment as well as normal adjustments we’ve made throughout 2008, which are only for significant mark-to-market items and legacy matters in our non-core discontinued businesses. The non-cash ceiling test charges for Four Star’s – and Four Star’s impairment totaled just under $2.8 billion on a pre-tax basis or $2.90 per share. Year-end prices used for the ceiling test calculation were $5.71 per MMbtu for gas and $44.60 per barrel of oil. The second adjusting item is a $37 million pre-tax or $0.03 per share mark-to-market gain from the change in fair value of legacy power trading contracts in the marketing segment. The third significant item impacting the quarter’s results is a $16 million or $0.01 per share gain associated with a legacy indemnification related to the sale of an ammonia facility. The fourth item is a $40 million or $0.06 per share tax benefit associated with restructuring several of our foreign legacy legal entities. The fifth item is a $9 million or $0.01 per share gain associated with a change in fair value of production puts in call in the marketing segment used to hedge E&P cash flows. These positions have now expired and won’t impact the marketing segment any longer. The final adjusting item is $164 million or $0.15 per share mark-to-market gain on derivatives in the E&P segment due to low – lower oil and natural gas prices at quarter end. These amounts are net of $37 million of current quarter settlements. So accounting for these items brings adjusted EPS to $0.21 per share. During the quarter, we elected to de-designate derivatives treated as accounting hedges in the E&P segment. That means all derivatives used to hedge E&P production will be accounted for on a mark-to-market basis through earnings which will – which we will highlight and adjust for each quarter going forward. We think this will reduce complexity associated with our hedging activities by treating all of our derivatives on a consistent basis opposed to where we were with a portion of positions receiving hedge accounting treatment and a portion’s being marked through earnings. Slide 11, business unit contribution. On a combined basis, our core pipeline and E&P businesses generated $877 million EBITDA and adjusted our proportional EBITDA of $924 million, both before ceiling test charges and Four Star impairment. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated with our four – with our 50% interest in Citrus and 49% interest in Four Star on a proportional basis. Marketing reported EBIT at $27 million, and I’ll provide more detail on this in a minute. Power EBITDA was a $3 million loss and corporate EBITDA was $49 million due primarily to mark-to-market gains and a change in the fair value of legacy indemnification on the sale of the ammonia facility, and a gain on a sale of a legacy property in the Northeast. There’s a chart in the appendix that provides the relevant details on the adjusted EBITDA calculations. The marketing segment results are summarized on slide 12. For the quarter, we realized an EBIT gain of $27 million compared to a $64 million loss. The key items point out – the key items to point out for the quarter are a $9 billion gain due to production related derivatives which are now completely rolled off. We also had a $37 million gain on the Power book mostly due to interest rate changes. For the year, we realized mark-to-market loss totaling $104 million compared to $202 million loss last year. The primary drivers of this loss were $50 million loss on production related derivatives, which include mark-to-market losses due to price movements and cost associated with terminating some of these positions. The other big driver was a $46 million loss in Power – in the Power book, which is primarily driven by changes in interest rates. The slide we’ve shown in the past couple of quarters showing PJM basis movements in related cash settlements is updated for the fourth quarter and included in the appendix. The slide demonstrates cash settlements on a – on basis positions continue to be (inaudible). And now turning to cash flow on slide 13, for the year, cash flow before working capital changes was just under $3.1 billion, up $924 million or 43% from cash flow – from continuing operations – and cash flow from continuing operations was $2,370 million compared with $1,838 million for the same period last year. CapEx for the quarter was $2,757 million. And we spent $362 million primarily for the acquisition of a 50% interest in Gulf LNG and some producing properties in the Rockies. We completed the E&P properties sales as well as two small international power plants in a legacy real estate and received $682 million in cash proceeds. So the key take away from this slide is cash flow from operations was strong and up 31% year-over-year. I want to give an update on financing activities and liquidity. Slide 14 chronicles the significant financing activities completed since our third quarter call. We completed six transactions with notional value of $1.785 billion, which after fees and discounts, added approximately $1.7 billion in incremental liquidity. We’ve employed many of our corporate finance tools in doing so. We opened a high-yield market in early December with an expense of five-year corporate bond. We used unencumbered E&P reserves to secure $300 million revolver. We then used excess capacity at one of our investment grade pipelines to issue $250 million high grade bond. Then we went back to the high-yield market for another $500 million corporate bond at a much more attractive rate. In addition, throughout the period we added $100 million of LC credit – LC capacity through a CDS backed bank facility, which we plan to increase to $350 million to replace the maturing LC facilities later this year. And earlier this week we closed a $135 million private placement at the Elba LNG facility to finance part of its current expansion. These financings appear expenses and they certainly higher than they would have been a year ago. But the company’s weighted average cost of debt is still a respectable 7.1%. We’re also well in the way in completing a project financing of the Elba Express Pipeline, which we expect to close in the next month or so. Slide 15 shows the resulting improved liquidity provided by the financing activity and pulled back capital spending we described in the third quarter. In short we’ve build liquidity from $1.9 billion to what we estimate to be about $3.3 billion at the end of this month. In spite of spending over $900 million of CapEx during the same time and repaying debt. As a note, February liquidity is net of a $112 million of maturities that came due earlier this month. Our aggressive approach to building liquidity reflects a couple of things. First, we’re not good prognosticators and thus don’t have a unique insight into when the financial markets will improve. So we will air on the side of caution. And second, we believe that as a result of the turmoil and uncertainty in the economy and credit markets, a high value is placed on certainty and financial flexibility. Slide 15 highlights how the bond market has reacted to our efforts to build liquidity. You can see yield on the El Paso 7% bond due 2017, peaked just before we did the first bond deal in December. Since then you can see the dramatic improvement in trading levels, down to the BBB index level where these bonds are traditionally traded. In the equity markets, we've seen similar results since the day before our bond deal transaction, our bond transaction, our equity has materially outperformed our proxy peer group as well as the S&P energy index. We have a very nice hedge position for 2009, which is summarized on slide 17. Our 2009 gas hedges are consistent with what we've shown before. We have an average floor of just over $9 per MMbtu and 176 Tbtu. We have 1.5 million barrels of our oil production swapped at $45 per barrel. Approximately 75% of our domestic natural gas production is hedged, and those positions have year-end value of about $730 million. We've made some changes to our oil positions. Recently, we monetized our 3.1 million barrels of $110 swap for $186 million in cash. We replaced those hedges with the 1.5 million barrels of $45 swaps I’ve mentioned – just mentioned. This monetization allowed us to build liquidity and reduce exposure to one large financial institution at a very low discount. These hedge positions will contribute significantly to our cash flow stability and liquidity for 2009. We began establishing our 2010 hedge program. We don’t have any oil hedges for 2010 yet. On the gas side, we have about 47 Tbtu hedged and an average floor of $6.79. The position is made up of 22 Tbtu of $7 puts and 25 Tbtu of fixed price swaps averaging $6.61. We look to continue to opportunistically add more floors as the year progresses. Beginning on slide 19, I'll provide more color to yesterday’s release on the outlook for 2009. Like most companies in our sector, we've been running numerous planning scenarios in response to and in preparation for an uncertain economic environment. Our current outlook assumes $5 per MMbtu NYMEX gas for the year, and $40 per barrel of WTI oil prices. We expect to spend between $2.7 billion and $ 3.1 billion of capital, with $1.7 billion being spent on pipelines, just under $1.3 billion of that for expansions. In the E&P group we expect to spend between $900 million and $1.3 billion with about $250 million being allocated internationally. Based on those capital plans, we expect the E&P group to produce between 725 and 815 million cubic feet a day, including our share of four star. E&P plans – as Doug mentioned, E&P plans are very fluid given uncertainties around natural gas and oil prices as well as service costs. Our emphasis is on maximizing return on capital. We will adjust allocation and timing the E&P capital based on market conditions. And we've already planned to delay 2Q spending in anticipation of lower service costs, and Brent will expand on this. We're monitoring and adjusting our capital program continuously, which may result in a wide range of outcomes given market conditions. Slide 20 highlights our current financial targets for 2009. Based on our ‘09 outlook assumptions, we expect adjusted EPS to be between $0.85 to $1.05. EBIT will range between $2 billion and $ 2.3 billion, the pipeline group at about $1.4 billion, and the E&P between $800 million and $900 million. EBITDA is expected to be between $ 3.1 and $3.3 billion, with the pipeline at $1.8 billion, that by the way is up 10% from 2008.And the E&P group will be between $1.4 billion and $1.6 billion. Resulting cash flow from operations is expected to be between $1.7 billion and $2 billion. And given our strong hedge positions, we have fairly limited exposure in commodity prices, which you can see here $1 change in gas or $10 change in oil prices generates about a $0.04 change in EPS or $40 million change in EBITDA. Slide 21 is a liquidity roll forward for 2009, starting with year-end liquidity of $2.2 billion, and then adding the financing activity and assets sale close through February brings current liquidity to about $3.3 billion. That liquidity plus cash from operations and proceeds from new – for a few non-core assets sale should give us ample liquidity from maturities and CapEx for the year without access in capital markets. We do assume we're going to renew the new $ 300 million EPEP revolver in December, and we’ll complete – the completion of our LC facility. So under our plan, we should have between $1.2 billion and $1.6 billion of liquidity at the end of the year. This will provide us plenty of cushion and flexibility to the extent we experienced changing commodity prices or the extent we haven’t completed pipeline partnering opportunities by year-end. We'll continue to be opportunistic using all of our tools. We have to raise liquidity to finance our pipeline backlog, such as project financing, pipeline financing, corporate debt parenting, partnering additional pipeline projects, and MLP dropouts. So just to wrap up on slide 22, we've made substantial progress on building liquidity, which has been reflected in both our bond spreads and our equity performance, reducing pressure on future cost of capital. Our 2009 capital program balances our objectives as funding pipeline expansion backlog while continue to focus on value creation on our E&P programs and maximizing liquidity. And as we demonstrated in the recent past, we'll be opportunistic in the capital markets. So with that, I'll turn it over to Jim for pipeline update. 
Jim Yardley: Thanks, Mark. The pipeline has had an excellent year in 2008. We continued to deliver consistent financial reports, throughput grew for the fifth consecutive year, and we made very meaningful progress in advancing our growth projects. We placed in service seven expansions totaling about $700 million, including three more in the fourth quarter. And we signed customer commitments to allow us to move forward with three new large projects so that our committed backlog at year-end was nearly $8 billion. Finally, something we don’t speak with you often enough, our safety performance. We had our best ever safety performance in 2008, as Doug mentioned, and this is a tribute to our 3,400 pipeline employees across the country to keep the gas flowing 24/7 safely and reliably. On slide 25, the summary of our financial results. EBIT and EBITDA for the year are right on plan. Before minority interests attributable to the MLP, EBIT increased 6% for the quarter and 3% for the year. For both the fourth quarter and the year, revenue increased from expansions and capacity sales, and was somewhat offset by increased, costs including hurricane related costs of $18 million and $ 31 million for the quarter and year, respectively. Our EBITDA adjusted for our 50% interest in Citrus is now approximately $1.8 billion, and meaningful growth and EBITDA is kicking in. Before the hurricane impact, our fourth quarter EBITDA grew 9% from fourth quarter 2007. Capital expenditures for the year were approximately $1.2 billion, not including our acquisition of 50% of Gulf LNG and a small acquisition on TGP. Of the $1.2 billion, approximately $420 million was for maintenance capital, and the remainder was on our growth projects. On slide 26, slide 26 summarizes our throughput for the year. Throughput was flat on our eastern pipes and increased on our western pipes, overall, a 4% increase year-to-year. In the east on TGP, throughput increased from the deepwater independent sub, but was negatively impacted by the hurricanes. Today, total volume out of the Gulf of Mexico and TGP is still down by about 300 a day relative to pre-hurricane flows. SNG benefited from a full year of the Cyprus pipeline from Elba down to Northern Florida, but power gen loads on SNG fell due to the milder summer in the Southeast. In the West, lines to California increased primarily due to lower prices in the Permian, resulting in increase flows west on EPNG, essentially displayed Canadian deliveries into Northern California. On the Rockies, volumes on CIG, WIC, and Cheyenne plains all benefited from various expansions and increased Rockies production. While throughput increased year-to-year, more recently, we see signs of weakening gas demand, especially in the industrial sector. Late on the fourth quarter and to date this year, throughput has declined significantly to directly serve industrials on SNG. SNG’s industrial customer mix generally mirrors that of the country. As a reminder, our revenue stream on the pipes is predominantly driven by demand charges, so there's little middle term financial impact of lower throughput if that occurs. Turn to slide 27, the next three slides talk about our very good progress in executing on our growth backlog. On slide 27, here are the seven growth projects we placed in service and are now earning revenue. They've been built on approximately seven times EBITDA on a run rate basis. During the fourth quarter, we completed and put into service two more projects in the west, the WIC Medicine Bow expansion, to increase capacity out of the (inaudible) basin, and our High Plains project that expands CIG system by 900 day, primarily into the Denver area. Turning to slide 28, we update the slide portally for your reference. It shows our committed backlog. I’’ remind you that the capacity of these projects is either fully contracted or substantially contracted under long term contracts with customers, so both we and our customers are committed. The backlog will have attractive profitability. Like the recently completed projects, we expect the CapEx to EBITDA ratio for the backlog to average approximately seven times on a run rate basis. And we continue to manage the CapEx risk and de-risk the projects as I'll discuss in the next slide. Since our last quarterly call, we see no change in our CapEx forecast to complete these projects. Concerning timing, most of the backlog, approximately $ 6 billion, will not go into service until 2011 or beyond. Only four smallish projects totaling $200 million will be placed in service this year. And then early next year the first phase of the Elba expansion and Elba express pipeline go in service. Elba express is our largest construction project this year. It’s a 190 miles of 36 and 42 inch pipe. All the pipe has now been delivered from overseas and construction will kick off next month. Of the nearly $8 billion backlog, about $ 1.3 billion were spent through 2008, and another $1 billion has been financed in Gulf LNG and FGT. Our spend in 2009 will be about $1.3 billion, leaving a balance post 2009 of just over $4 billion. The largest piece of that is Ruby. And as we said, we intend to bring in a partner on Ruby and project finance it. Turning to slide 29, this speaks to how we’ve mitigated the capital cost risk on the backlog. These five projects represent nearly $7 billion of the total of $8 billion. First, on our LNG project, both the Elba extension and the new Gulf LNG terminal are being built under fixed price EPC contracts. CBI, that built the prior Elba expansion, is doing this expansion as well. At Elba, the outer tank of – the other wall of the new tank is nearly complete, and the roof raising will be done in late March. Aker Kvaerner is doing the Gulf LNG facility in Pascagoula. And there, the concrete tank base slabs have been completed and the seawall is taking shape. On the pipeline project shown here, remember that, typically, the cost for the pipe and the construction is represented by two-thirds of the total CapEx of the project. So you can see like the LNG projects, our pipeline projects capital costs also have been substantially de-risked. Specifically with respect to the steel and pipe, all the pipes for these projects have been contracted for on a fixed price basis. Our strategy was to lock in the pipe cost, at the same time, receive customer commitments for the expanding capacity, which we did. And we are happy with the resulting profitability and reduced risk. In addition, we continue to work with our pipe suppliers to look for opportunities to benefit from the now falling prices of steel and pipe. For example we recently negotiated a significant price reduction on the price for the line 300 project from our overseas supplier. Concerning construction installation, as you can see, we've secured contracts with installers on either unit priced basis, or in the case of Ruby, an incentive priced arrangement. So again, we have a high degree of price protection and incentives for contractors to perform. We've not yet concluded negotiations on line 300 for installation but the market is now working in our favor and we haven’t decided yet whether to use a unit priced or time and materials arrangement on this one. Finally, an update on recent activity on our Ruby pipeline. We have binding long term commitments from 12 shippers for 1.1 a day out of Ruby's total capacity of 1.3 to 1.5 a day. Last quarter, PGNE, our largest shipper received approval from a California PDC [ph] concerning their contract with Ruby. And last month, we submitted to FERC certificate application. These were both major milestones. We expect FERC to process the application over the next year and look forward to FERC certification in early 2010. So in summary, on slide 30, our pipes continue to demonstrate earnings stability that’s inherent in our demand based revenue string. We also have clear multiyear growth in hand and are executing to place these backlog projects in service. And with that I'll turn you over to Brent.
Brent Smolik: Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. I've got a lot of materials that covers – so I’m going to move quickly this morning. Note there are some charts in the appendix, so not going to review, and the materials are included there for your reference. Turning in to slide 32, as Mark said, E&P ended the year with adjusted EBITDA of about $2.3 billion. Annual production came in consistent with our November guidance of $316 million, a day, which is up about 2% on a pro forma basis from 2007. On the reserve side, we released our end of year results a couple of weeks ago, and our numbers prior to price revisions were solid. We replaced 195% of domestic reserves. And our domestic reserves replacement cost dropped to 287 per Mcfe versus roughly 325 in 2007. In the year where service costs were all time highs for the year, we’re very proud of this improvement in our F&B . Our non-proved inventory also grew by 27%, and most of that growth was in the unconventional and conventional low risk categories, which is where you would expect to see it based on our focus in our 2009 capital program. Our Camarupim project is moving closer to first sales and Petrobras has informed us that they now expect first production to be early in the second quarter. Camarupim is a gas project which is priced relative to an oil basket of fuel oils. And with low year-end pricing, we didn’t book any reserves in that project in 2008. So those reserves will positively impact our 2009 results. And then way back in 2001 we closed the sale of the E&P assets that generated about $640 million of proceeds and completed a hydrating process, and through those sales, we also released about $90 million of P&A liabilities. We sold about 300 (inaudible) of approved reserves, mostly in the Gulf of Mexico and the Texas Gulf Coast. Turning now to slide 33, Mark has covered most of the financial information. So I'll just add that excluding the ceiling test and impairment charges we took in 2008, EBIT was roughly flat with the fourth quarter of 2007. Unrealized gas prices were flat, while oil prices were substantially higher. Production for the quarter was lower than 2007 due to the hurricane interruptions in 2008, along with the fact that 2007 included a full period of the volumes from the properties that we then sold in the first quarter of 2008. On the capital side, we came in below $1.7 billion for the year. And you may recall that we were trending closer to $1.9 billion prior to our CapEx reductions that we initiated in the fourth quarter. Cash costs for the quarter in the year were higher than last year, which is better displayed on slide 34. So let's turn there. The direct lifting costs were up about $0.15 per Mcfe quarter-to-quarter . This reflects about $9 million of hurricane related costs and a loss of $53 million a day of fourth quarter production from hurricane interruptions. The year to date picture is the same story with the hurricane volumes impacted on the full year basis by about $25 million a day. G&A was up for the quarter at about $0.14 a unit, primarily due to the lower volumes and slightly higher staffing levels, while the full year unit rate was down about $0.05 a unit. So the key takeaway for the year is our controllable cash costs were down about $0.04 per Mcfe despite the repair costs and the loss of hurricane volumes as we continue to find ways to manage our lifting costs and our G&A in what was a pretty inflationary environment last year. I'm now turning to full year production on slide 35. There's also a quarterly production chart in the appendix. On a reported basis, our volumes were down 5% from 2007, but there are a number of moving parts here. Again, we bought Peoples in late 2007 – September of 2007, and we completed our divestitures in the first quarter of 2008, plus we had the hurricane interruptions in late 2008. When you adjust for all that, on a pro forma basis, we are up about 2% for the year. Again, hurricane’s impact to the full year by about $25 million a day, and without that adjustment the pro forma full year production would have been roughly flat to ’07 and about $790 million a day. So turn to the next page, the waterfall on slide 36 shows the changes that took our proved reserves from 3.1 Tcf down to 2.5 trillion cubic feet. As I noted earlier, we are pleased with almost 600 of reserved additions. It’s a dramatic year-over-year improvement for us. And it reflects the understanding – our improved understanding of our – of our asset base across the domestic US. We’ve produced almost 300 Bcf equivalent, sold about 285 of these net of purchases. And we had about 560 Bcf of negative revisions, again mostly due to price. As shown in the table on the bottom left, both oil and natural gas prices were down from end of year ’07, but oil was down far more than natural gas. And most of our negative revisions were in our more early asset areas, including the Altamont oil field in Utah and in offshore Brazil. On the right side of the chart, we note that assuming $7 price for natural gas and $70 for oil as a year-end spot price, the year-end reserves would have been roughly 3 trillion cubic feet. And if we drop that down to $6 and $60, it’s about 2.9 trillion cubic feet equivalent. So hopefully, you’ll see that we – that we’ll see some of these reserves added back to the ledger as we go forward in the future. On slide 37, we show reserve replacement costs before price related revisions, and reserve replacement rates for 2006, 2007, and 2008. The green colored bars reflect drill bit only metrics without the impact of acquisitions, and the trends reflect the fundamental improvements that we’ve made in our portfolio and in our operating capabilities. Again, we’re proud of these trends over the last three years, but especially so considering the relatively high cost of steel and services in 2008. Our unproven inventory is essentially our net risk 2P and 3P resources. The 2008 additions include almost 500 Bcf of the proved reserves. They were revised off at year-end due to low year in commodity prices, which then became part of our non-proved inventory. However, we drilled up about the same amount of the inventory from last year during the years. So these two things essentially offset each other, which means that we experienced real inventory growth of about 700 Bcf equivalent. We’ve increased our unconventional opportunities in that growth significantly, including the Raton Basin CBM and the Haynesville Shale. And we’ve not yet included anything in this summary for the Niabera [ph] Shale and the Raton Basin. As a reminder, we’ve got about 300,000 net acres in the Raton Basin that are perspective for Niabera. And we own the minerals, but we’re still very early stages in that program so we haven’t included them in the inventory yet. The conventional low risk resources have also grown substantially, and that includes our Cotton Valley type gas series and the Arklatex where we seldom drill a dry hole and where our Cotton Valley horizontal program has been performing very well. And I’ll show a little more about that in a moment. And then finally, the exploration of highest risk wedge is down year-over-year. So I hope what you’ll take a look at in our current inventory is that we’ve improved both the amount of future resources and the quality of our future capital programs. So that closes out 2008. Let’s look forward at 2009. On page 39, we show the elements of our capital program. And as Mark and Doug have both mentioned, we’ve designed it to be a flexible program for 2009. With the rapidly changing service costs, basis movements, and declining commodity prices, we’re literally constantly evaluating the portfolio to make sure we’re not only adding value, but we’re making the most efficient use of our capital. On the right side, we’re showing you the $1.3 billion dollar case as it exists today versus our 2008 actual spend. And despite a sharp year-over-year reduction in total capital, you can see our current plan is to increase our spending in our central division, which includes the Arklatex. Our Haynesville and our Cotton Valley horizontal programs are both progressing well, and we’ll also likely drill some of our best vertical programs in the Arklatex this year. We currently have one rig running in the Altamont field in Utah as we continue to reduce the drilling and the completion cost of that program. And the Black Warrior coal-bed methane program still generates good returns, even at relatively low pricing due to its higher net-backs and the efficiencies we’ve created in that basin over time. As you can see from the two bars, we’ll spend considerably less in the Texas Gulf Coast in 2009. We still have a healthy inventory there, but we’re going to dial that program down to a smaller, lower risk program for the year. The same holds true for the Gulf of Mexico. The Gulf of Mexico team had a good year in 2008, but the inventory there is barely secure, and the risk, the uncertainties, and the longer cycle times are less consistent with our objectives for this year. International program will be up slightly from last year at about $250 million. Back in November, I mentioned that we’ve slowed the pace of spending at our (inaudible) project so that we can hopefully capture lower future development costs and hopefully higher oil prices. So very little CapEx is going to go to that project this year. We started our first well in Egypt at the end of January, and we hope to have it tested by – hopefully, by our first quarter conference call. We’ll probably wind up drilling three or four wells there this year. And we’ll spend somewhere in the $70 million to $80 million range. So the plan – I’m showing you the plan as it stands today. And as we said, we’ll continue to update our cost estimates and optimize our capital program accordingly as we go through the year. Now, slide 40 shows our operated rig count at the end of each quarter. As you can see, we cut our capital in the fourth quarter pretty dramatically in response to the lower prices and the state of the capital markets. We’ve gone from a peak of about 27 to 28 rigs to today about 13 currently running. We’ll be down to eight rigs at the end of March and we’ll be down to five to six by the end of the second quarter. The cost of services are coming down rapidly, but not rapidly enough in some areas. So we plan to defer our capital spending until later in the year until we’re – we clearly get better pricing. And naturally, we’ll keep you updated as we adjust our program as we go. Since the biggest piece of our domestic spending is in the Arklatex, I’d like to give you a brief update on our Haynesville and Cotton Valley horizontal drilling programs. All of our Cotton Valley activities have been in Louisiana on the eastern half of the play. We’ve been coming up the learning curve quickly in terms of well design and cost. And on slide 41, we’ve included a couple of learning curve examples, the time the drilling complete our first four wells and the total cost per foot – per foot of lateral drilled. And we’re quite pleased with the reductions in time and cost, and we’re also quite pleased with the progressive improvement in the producing rate for oil as shown on the left side of that chart. We started out below 10 million a day per well. And our most recent well, the Blake 10H produced over 20 million a day, after 10 stages of fracs in the lateral. We’ll probably keep two to four rigs running in the Arklatex that are capable of drilling these kind of wells, and we can drill somewhere in the neighborhood of 15 to as many as 25 Haynesville wells this year. Slide 42 provides a summary of our Cotton Valley horizontal program in the Arklatex area. That program’s gotten a lot less attention lately, but the returns on those wells are attractive because the cost is about 45% less than Haynesville wells cost to drilling complete. We’ve got six of those wells producing, and three of them with high keys in the 9 to 9 million a day range. And we expect to drill somewhere around six to ten of those wells in the program this year. Leaving domestic US and turning quickly to Egypt, on slide 43, we’ve been working for a while on an acreage swap with RWE, and we recently received ministerial approval for that trade. Their Tanta block is immediately east of our South Mariut block. And it’s comparable in size and prospectivity [ph] to South Mariut. Both parties went on this deal because of the – the trade’s going to spread capital and risk over a large area and from the technology sharing that we’ll have between our two Egyptian teams. Our first well in South Mariut is drilling, as Doug said. And as a result of the agreement with RWE, we’ll now have a 60% interest in the well. We continue to refine our 3D seismic interpretations in the South Mariut block, and we currently have one additional drill site prepared and four additional stake and ready for construction. RWE plans to shoot 3D seismic on the Tanta block later this year. And so in aggregate, our Egyptian program’s off to a great start, and I’m pleased that we’ve been able to expand our footprint in the western desert. Going forward, we plan to even grow that position further as we continue to evolve this Egyptian business. And then turning to Brazil on slide 44, there’s a quick update there for the Camarupim project. Petrobras is the operator, and we have a 24% interest in the project. As I’ve mentioned, they advised us now – they now expect to have first gas production on the second quarter. The first available wells have been drilled and tested, and it’s ready to be tied back to the FS – FPSO facility. The second and third wells have been drilled and are currently being completed, and the fourth well will start in March. In addition, the FPSO is now right in Brazil on February 17th. It’s clearing customs and inspections, and then we hope that vessel’s going to be on location right near the end of February. So once all the – all four wells are on line, we expect to produce somewhere in the 50 to 60 million barrel-a-day range net El Paso. Also, on the ES-5 block, about 15 kilometers to the northeast, we and Petrobras have drilled the Tot exploration well, which have found – which found apparent gas pay in two intervals. And we’re currently in the process of testing the lower of those two zones. So in summary, on page 45, following our solid 2008 E&P performance, we’re highly focused in 2009 on ensuring that our capital programs creates value in the current – the current environment that we’re faced with. Today, that means slowing our capital programs and getting the benefit of further reduction service cost, and it means that we’ll continue to review our inventory to make sure that we’re drilling our most economic programs. Consequently, as Mark said, we’ve laid out a fairly wide range of capital spend and result from production volumes. This is by far the most fluid environment that we’ve seen in our industry. So we’re going to remain disciplined and – and again, make best use of our capital and do the best we can to hang on to our improving inventory projects. And because our program is going to be influx, we’ll keep you posted on our activity levels and on the progress of our programs as we go through the year. So then, I’ll turn back to Doug for closing comments.
Doug Foshee: Thanks, Brent. This is as challenging a time in our industry as I’ve experienced in my 27 years in it. We’ve tried to outline for you today what we’re doing to manage through the near term tactical issues that face us as well as what we’re doing to preserve our ability to deliver value to our shareholders longer term. We look forward to your questions around these issues this morning. But let me just close our formal comments by saying that if we could leave you with one impression today, it’s that as a leadership team, as a Board, and as a group of 5,000 members of team El Paso, we’re battle tested for just this kind of environment, we’re focused, we’re engaged, and we’re on top of our business. And with that, we’ll open it up to your questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) We’ll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question comes from Shneur Gershuni with UBS, your line is open.
Shneur Gershuni – UBS: Thank you, good morning. I guess my first question is, with respect to liquidity on – thank you very much for putting up the slides with respect to how your liquidity’s going to look throughout the year and so forth. In the scenario where gas prices, oil prices continue at these levels and, let’s say, they continue into 2010, how comfortable are you with $1.2 billion of year-end liquidity to fund 2010? And is there any more flexibility within the E&P program and also the pipeline CapEx program to be able to move out of 2010?
Mark Leland: Shunir, this is Mark. We feel pretty comfortable with our liquidity at year-end, though, certainly given a low price environment, we’re always going to want to add to liquidity. And we’ll be working on building liquidity throughout the rest of this year to prepare for 2010. We’ve got some flexibility on the E&P side as you’ve seen, the – the range in CapEx this year, we have probably similar range that we’re looking at next year and beyond. But generally, we feel pretty good about where we are today. Our hedges give us a lot of time and cushion to deal with liquidity and what happens in 2010.
Doug Foshee: Yes. This is Doug. I think from our perspective, the good news is, we’re sitting here in February already focusing on 2010. And that’s because we stacked up $3.3 billion worth of liquidity to put us in a position to be – to really be responsive to things early. So we are planning for what we would do in the event that we had a very protracted low price, low commodity price scenario. And I think you’ll see us respond to that, just like we responded last year to what happened in the fourth quarter. And I have a lot of faith in Mark and his finance team to do that. A couple of things I’d point out, one in particular is we do retain a great deal of flexibility with regard to our capital spending levels and E&P. We’re going to spend $250 million this year internationally. But to a large degree, as we look at 2010, that’s discretionary spending on our part. Similarly, we have a lot of discretion in the spending levels in our domestic portfolios. We think we’re in – actually in a really good position to deal with that particular issue, recognizing that we’re preserving our – number one, we’re going to preserve the investment grade rating of the pipes, and secondly, we’re preserving the ability to show the kind of growth we know we get longer term out of the pipeline growth projects that are 10, 20, 30-year contracts with investment grade customers.
Shneur Gershuni – UBS: In addition to that, do you still feel that you still have some room at the operating companies to raise capital also if necessary?
Mark Leland: Yes. Yes, Shunir. We have about $4.5 billion or maybe $4.7 billion of debt on the pipeline. They’re going to generate something like $1.8 billion on EBITDA next year so there’s quite a bit of capacity there. I think it’s probably $2.5 billion or so that we could raise and still retain our ratings at the pipeline levels.
Shneur Gershuni – UBS: That’s great. I just wanted to turn to one of Jim’s comments, you talked about a price reduction from an overseas supplier, and so forth. I just want to confirm, did you negotiate a reduction in your steel costs?
Jim Yardley: Well, let’s see, I think the one you’re talking about is one where – in that particular case, the pipe supplier had not yet committed to his steel. So as the result of – as the result of the fall in the steel market, he was able to go back to his steel supplier and pass that along to us.
Shneur Gershuni – UBS: And are you able to do that with some of the other contracts that you have in place, giving in mind that a lot of steel companies have been pushing the envelope with their input suppliers as well – to as well – they’ve also renegotiated delivery dates as well. Are you able to retain some of those benefits on some of your existing price contracts?
Jim Yardley: Yes. I think the answer to that is not always, but we have good long term relationships that we built up with pipeline suppliers around the world as the result of being the size that we are, so that we are talking to them. We’re talking to – to them today, and there ought to be further opportunities.
Doug Foshee: Let me say this, there’s nothing in our forecast of capital spending on the pipeline side that assumes we get any cost reductions in steel beyond those that we’ve already got.
Shneur Gershuni – UBS: Okay. Great. And just one last question for Brent, we’ve seen oil production come off. Is that a trend that we should continue to see on a go-forward basis? And also if you can also compare and contrast your Haynesville results with some of the other operators, do you feel you’re in a sweet spot? Or do you feel you’ve figured out where you need to be there, or is it still a little bit of a size project for you?
Brent Smolik: No. I think we’ve moved past the size project. Let me take them in reverse order. Because of our legacy land position in the Arklatex, we find ourselves partnered with some of the other operators. So we get to see direct costs from their AUPs [ph] that they’ve proposed to us and we get to see actual results. And we’re as – we’re as competitive as anyone, and you could see that cost coming down dramatically, just like it’s coming down for everyone. We think we’ve got the frac technology more in line as you can see from the results of the last well. The acreage itself is located what I think is right in the heart of the Louisiana side of the fairway. At least 30,000 acres of it is right in what I think industry thinks is the prime sweet spot. So that part of it is going to be – we’ll have a large inventory of those to drill for a long time. Our oil production is going largely be a function of how much drilling we do in Altamont in Utah. Today, we’re down to just one rig running in that program, and we’re sort of taken that as a well by well decision. So you may see our oil tail off a little bit in gas replacement.
Shneur Gershuni – UBS: Great. Thank you very much.
Brent Smolik: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carl Kirst with BMO Capital, your line is open.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital: Hey, good morning, everyone, and certainly a nice way to meet the current challenges. Doug, let me ask on Ruby, you had started your comments talking about being responsive to customers. Have you gotten any sense that would slow down in the Rockies at any of the Producer team that she’s asking you to delay that line?
Dough Foshee: No, none. And in fact, I would say, with the growth out of the Shale place, most of which is headed east. Our view would be that there’s more need now for a western exit to Rockies production than there was when we started the project.
Mark Leland: Just to add to that, just – I think you’re aware right now Carl that the basis from the Rockies is, cheaper prices out there are probably 250 or so, with the Cheyenne hub so if Ruby were in – a lot of people like to see Ruby in service today, so I think, quite the contrary, I think that people want Ruby in service today. So I think – quite the contrary, I think that people want Ruby to be built.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Jim, just a micro question on Ruby. I think at the time of the actual FERC filing, there was still – one of the shippers – that had to be around 200 million a day of contracted capacity that had gotten Board approval. Is that all done? Is the full 1.1 now locked and loaded?
Jim Yardley: The 1.1 is locked and loaded. The one that you’re referring to would be an addition to that. And, no. We had not received Board approval. Or that customer has not received Board approval yet.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. So it would be on top of the 1.1.
Jim Yardley: Yes.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Great. And then just moving quickly on the E&P side, Brent, I know looking at broad, top down unit cash costs can be somewhat of an over simplification. But certainly, I can understand why fourth quarter cash cost was up sequentially and over last year given the hurricane impact; lower production. But looking out into 2009 of the guidance of cash cost relative to where it was in the fourth quarter seems to be continued upward – upward pressure when obviously, we’re looking around at the service community and wondering how low it’s going to go. Can you help me reconcile that? Is this just a matter of being conservative or is there something else going on here?
Brent Smolik: No. There’s no other messages in there. That’s largely keeping G&A about where it is. And managing LOE on a total dollar basis. But because we’re year-over-year down on total production you’re seeing that unit cost increase. But we’re not signaling anything incremental there and that there’s higher cost in the…
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. So even though fourth quarter production was roughly in the 750 million range and that’s the midpoint of the ’09 guidance, we still might be seeing some upward cost structure? That’s conservatively how you’re positioning it right now?
Brent Smolik: No. The inside – the domestic should be fairly close to flat on an absolute dollar basis. And then we’ve got to layer in the Brazil piece because we picked up the expense of that BM [ph] project. But structurally nothing much changes between 2007 – 2008 and 2009.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Faisel Khan of Citigroup. Your line is open.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Good morning.
Doug Foshee: Good morning, Faisel.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: How are you doing?
Doug Foshee: Good.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: On the construction cost for the pipeline I just want to understand the mechanics of how the steel pricing works. Is it – do you contract for a certain amount of volume of pipe from your suppliers and you physically hedged the steel? Or is it – is it all done at the same time with the steel company?
Jim Yardley: Our contracts Faisel, are with the pipe – the pipe mills. And so what we did on the big projects we negotiated fixed price arrangements on the pipe with them. They in turn were dealing with the steel mills. What I referred to was – so those are – those are in place and they’re done. And we feel comfortable with that. Especially since we have for the most part, negotiated rates with our customers that match up well with that cost of the pipe. What has happened is the result of the fall off in steel. And now market prices of pipe is that some of those – some of those pipe mills had ordered their steel and some haven’t. In the case of – where they hadn’t yet gone to their steel suppliers at the time they locked in to us there was an opportunity to do something there. And we and the pipe mills capitalized.
Brent Smolik: But just to – I want to make sure we’re clear too. We don’t hedge steel. You used the word hedge. I just want to make sure that you know we don’t do that.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Okay. Understood. And then in terms of the current construction cost of the backlog you guys have, that looks like to be the same construction cost that you gave us last year when you were developing your plans for this backlog. If the current cost structure continues to decline and construction would there be some room to improve the project cost of those pipelines in the backlog?
Jim Yardley: Yes. I think the answer to that is possibly yes. I think another way to say it is we feel a lot more confident in our current prices today and there ought to be opportunities to maybe improve that down the road.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Okay. Understood. And just on the E&P side of the equation. Looking at your capital spending plans of, I believe, $1.3 billion for ’09 and your current rig count which you guys gave us of roughly six rigs in February, assuming that you continue that rig count there seems to be a little of a disconnect between that rig count and your capital spending plans being – it looks like it should be much lower if you were continuing at that rate. So can you help me bridge the gap there?
Brent Smolik: Today we’re closer to 13 rigs. And we’re essentially into February now. And we’ll be down to that five to six rig level by the end of Q2.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Okay.
Brent Smolik: So we went through that quickly. And then the reason there’s a range of $.9 billion to $1.3 billion for the full year is that how much do we ramp back up for the full year. So in a low case as we grow back up it would total .9. And then as we – if we get to the higher case which would probably mean more Haynesville or Arklatex activity, on the margin we would get closer to 1.3. And all of those rig counts were domestic. We just have the one rig running in Egypt.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Okay. And that would also translate to your production guidance too?
Brent Smolik: Yes.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: 7.25 to 8/15th. So $900 million would give you the $7.25 and–
Brent Smolik: Yes.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Okay. Got you.
Brent Smolik.:
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Understood. Thanks, guys.
Doug Foshee: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Becca Followill with Tudor, Pickering. Your line is open.
Becca Followill – Tudor, Pickering: Good morning.
Doug Foshee: Good morning, Becca.
Becca Followill – Tudor, Pickering: Following up on that same question on the trajectory of the production profile across the year, fourth quarter we’re 752 million a day. The midpoint or guidance is 770. So do we see a decline in the first part of the year and then ramp up in the second half? As Brazil comes online, without giving its exact numbers, can you give us some structure on how it shakes out across the year?
Doug Foshee: Becca, I’ll let Brent talk about how the capital programs are shaped and how that might affect volumes. But just to level set you we’re at about 800 million a day now. Today.
Becca Followill – Tudor, Pickering: Okay.
Doug Foshee: And we have 35 to 50 million a day coming on in Brazil in the second quarter. And then Brent, if you want to go through the regions.
Brent Smolik: Yes. So those are the two biggest pieces of uncertainty we have in there, Becca. Then you think about the total capital, so $.9 billion to $1.3 billion. And then we think about the shape of that capital spend. So we’re going to have a fairly low second quarter capital spend. And then how aggressive will we ramp back out of it will affect our total full year average and our exit rate. And then in that calculus it was wider ranges and more uncertainty than we’ve had in our guidance ranges. But it also has in there uncertainty around the service cost reductions. And therefore the numbers of activities that we’re able to get done. We tried to stew all of that in looking at the low capital-high capital case, Brazil timing, Haynesville results, and service cost structures to get to that range of outcomes that we’re guiding to. That’s the big moving parts for us though.
Becca Followill – Tudor, Pickering: Great. So the difference between the fourth quarter and today is hurricane related?
Doug Foshee: Most of that’s recovering in the Gulf of Mexico. We had a – we had the knock on us – the finishing up of our 2008 capital program. So south Texas is actually up a little bit over the fourth quarter. Arklatex and Haynesville is up a little bit over the fourth quarter. And then we recovered for the hurricane in the Gulf of Mexico.
Becca Followill – Tudor, Pickering: Great.
Doug Foshee: It is today’s 800 issue.
Becca Followill – Tudor, Pickering: Okay. And then a second question is on service costs. What have you assumed in your E&P budget? What kind of delta?
Doug Foshee: What we’re currently looking at, the full year average versus last year’s full year actual is something like 10% to 12% in the current capital plans at the – that’s in the plan that you – that results in our number you saw.
Brent Smolik: Right. That’s what we’ve got built into that set of assumptions. And in there there’s a lot of variance by services actual – obviously. And there’s also, taking into account those places where we have contracts. But the rigs for example, we’re down to only one rig by end of this year that we’ll have on contract. And we’ll only have long term contract and will only have three on by the end of the second quarter. But we factored all that in by service, by commodity to get to that average of 10 to 12.
Becca Followill – Tudor, Pickering: Great. Thank you, guys.
Doug Foshee: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Harmon with Barclays Capital. Your line is open.
Rick – Barclays Capital: Hey, there. This is Rick [ph] and Jim.
Doug Foshee: Hi, guys.
Rick – Barclays Capital: Hi. I want to go back at the flexibility in the budget from the $1,300 million to the $900 million and how production holds up because just superficially you averaged about 25 rigs per quarter. And you’ve got the first half here averaging seven. And I’m trying to figure out – there’s $400 million – the gap – the drop in spending is much bigger than the range that you have in the production. I understand that you’ve got Brazil coming on, but I’m trying to figure out where you would be dialing down that what appears to be incredibly less productive than what you’re keeping?
Brent Smolik: So the biggest chunks of that Rick, are going to be last year in fairly active Raton Basin Program. You remember how those CBM wells produced (inaudible) that dewatering phase? And then we also had a fairly large Black Warrior Basin Program that we still have some this year but smaller than last year. And some of those are – you’ve hit it, are fairly inefficient the first year of capital spend. So those will be in holding patterns in dewatering. Especially the Raton Basin this year. The other places that’s affecting your math there is, I’d like to say the TGC program at the end of last year. We’re still completing those wells. But we’ll get that rolled off effect through the course of this year. And so some of it’s carry on effect from last year. Some of it is we’re moving away from those things that were good long term economics but relatively inefficient for the first year of production. Like the Raton.
Rick – Barclays Capital: Okay. Good. You’ve provided a Haynesville snapshot, the Cotton Valley horizontal snapshot with volumes. Are those currently producing volumes gross or net?
Doug Foshee: Everything we’ve put on that slide is gross as if it comes out of the well.
Rick- Barclays Capital: Okay. Great.
Doug Foshee: There’s a lot of confusion out there about – when we’re talking about net volumes or HH [ph] volumes or IP. So we try to put what’s coming out of the well.
Rick – Barclays Capital: Okay. Order of magnitude; what’s your average net revenue interest in all this?
Doug Foshee: Relatively high. In the Haynesville it’s going to be 70% to 80% and mostly on the high end of that. There will be some wells that give unitized – where we’ll get unitized end. But the bulk of our acreage is near 100% working interest and close to 80% is net.
Rick – Barclays Capital: Okay. Great. Pipeline side real quick. If we get a partner for – when we get a partner, let’s put a positive spin on it. When we get a partner for Ruby, how is that partnership going to work? Are they going to say, “Okay. You spent so much to date and therefore this partner will spend until they catch up with you.” Will they get a cash infusion? Can you give us a little idea of how you would expect to have this partner come in and true up their exposure relative to yours?
Mark Leland: Rick, this is Mark. It’s a little early to say. We’re right in the middle of working through all of that with several different parties. But needless to say, we expect that partnership to be on a 50-50 basis. And so by the time the construction starts, we’ll be all trued up.
Rick – Barclays Capital: Okay. So it sounds like in that context you would be receiving money for your pipe expenditures and all the types of things you’ve done as precursors to starting to put in the ground.
Doug Foshee: We’re not going to get too far into what we’re going to try to negotiate on the deal.
Rick – Barclays Capital: Okay.
Doug Foshee: I appreciate the question. But–
Rick – Barclays Capital: But fine, it’s okay. The other issue is you’ve gone from trying to do Ruby and you mentioned one or more. Is this philosophically something you want to do with several of the other projects? Or is this just as a function of if the financial backdrop, et cetera continues to remain difficult? We would possibly do that. How do I put that into context?
Doug Foshee: I think the way to think about that is we are, right now in the business of creating maximum flexibility.
Rick – Barclays Capital: Okay.
Doug Foshee: So we’re going to look at every option that we think is a viable option. That doesn’t mean we’re going to action everything that we consider. But we think it’s appropriate to let people know that that – that’s the mode we’re in.
Rick – Barclays Capital: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your last question comes from Jonathan Lafave [ph] with Wachovia. Your line is open.
Sam Brothwell – Wachovia: Hi. It’s Sam Brothwell. I think you hit most of them. But just a clarification. Did I hear you correctly Brent, saying that the Cotton Valley horizontals were costing roughly about 40% of a Haynesville – a typical Haynesville well?
Brent Smolik: That’s about where we’ve been running on average. No. 40% less
Sam Brothwell – Wachovia: 40% less. Okay. I got you.
Brent Smolik: 40% less. And that’s mostly a function of just measured – total measured depth and lower cost completions because we have less fracs and not so high pressure as the Haynesville. But the economics are working out quite nicely on the Cotton Valley Program.
Sam Brothwell – Wachovia: It looks that way. Thank you very much.
Doug Foshee: All right. That concludes the call. We very much appreciate your interest. And if you have any further questions, don’t hesitate to call. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes your conference call for today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Bruce Connery - Vice President of Investor and Media Relations Doug Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer Mark Leland - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Jim Yardley - President of Pipeline Group  Brent Smolik - President of El Paso Exploration and Production
Analysts: Michael Sedoy - Diamondback Capital Rebecca Followill - Tudor Pickering & Holt Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities Faisel Khan - Citigroup Maura Shaughnessy - MFS Carl Kirst - BMO Capital
Operator: Good morning. My name is Ann, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the El Paso Corporation Third Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I’d now turn the call over to Mr. Bruce Connery.
Bruce Connery - Vice President of Investor and Media Relations: Good morning and thank you for joining our call. In just a moment I will turn this call over to Doug Foshee, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Others with us this morning who will be participating in the call are Mark Leland, our CFO; Jim Yardley, President of the Pipeline Group and Brent Smolik, President of El Paso Exploration and Production. Throughout this call we’ll be referring to slides that are available on our website at elpaso.com. This morning we issued a press release and filed with the SEC an 8-K and is also on our website. During the call we’ll include certain forward-looking statements and projections. The Company has made every reasonable effort to ensure that the information and assumptions on which these statements and projections are based are current, reasonable and complete. However, a variety of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the statements and projections expressed in this call. Those factors are identified under the cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements section of our earnings press release, as well as in other SEC filings and you should refer to them. The Company assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements made during this conference call or any other forward-looking statements made by the Company, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Please note that during the call we will be using non-GAAP numbers such as EBIT and EBITDA, and we have included a reconciliation of all non-GAAP numbers in appendix of our presentation. Now I will turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Bruce and good morning. I would like to frame this morning’s presentation by outlining for you how we view the current environment for businesses and how recent events have changed both our outlook and our plans and the content choices and tradeoffs we have made in order to position El Paso not only to weather the current environment but to do so in a way that still allows us to achieve our longer term objectives to grow our two core businesses. The combination of a precipitous drop in oil and gas prices and the more recent closure for our practical purposes of the public capital market that caused us along with the rest of our industry to rethink prior plans. In our case these events have caused us to accelerate our normal planning process, which would have had us presenting a new long range plan to our Board in December. As is evidenced by our release last night on our capital spending plans for 2009, we have already presented and had approved the capital spending portion of our plan for 2009. As you might imagine this plan is significantly different from our view of 2009 several months ago. As we put this plan together we were guided by a few key objectives. First, ensure our ability to fund our businesses in the worst of economic circumstances. Second, preserve the growth attributable to our backlog of pipeline projects, which we believe is the best in the business. Third, preserve our ability to grow our E&P business longer term by not taking actions that impair the high quality inventory that Brent and his team have built over the last two years. And fourth, preserve the profitability that we worked so hard to create over the last five years by tightening our corporate belt. In crafting our plan that meets these objectives, we believe that we have some real strength to help differentiate us and allow us to move through this current environment and create long term value for our shareholders. A significant amount of our revenue and profits come from a pipeline that has very little exposure to commodity price links and because of the nature and duration of our contract is largely protected from near term changes in throughput. We have a track record in our pipeline business of bringing in capital projects on time and on budget. The volatility in our E&P business is largely mitigated in 2009 by a hedge portfolio that protects around two-thirds of our revenue and prices of at least $9 for GAAP and $110 for oil. In fact, we have a sensitivity for ‘09 of only around $50 million for a dollar change in gas and $20 million for a $10 change in oil. Also we have substantial discretion in the capital spending for E&P business and it can be accomplished in a manner that doesn’t negatively impact our long term growth potential or our substantial inventory of projects. Since most of our E&P properties are El Paso operated and are characterized by very high working interest, we can control our activity levels to respond to changes in the market environment to the greatest possible degree. And finally, for a lack of better description with regard to the current capital markets environment as we say here in Texas, this ain’t our first rodeo. We have experience, engaged and talented professionals that have been through much tougher environments than this one relative to our own company in the past six years. So, we know how to operate our company in an environment where capitals constrain and speed, flexibility and contingency are key. The result of this is that we have plan that preserves, impact all of our pipeline growth pipeline, reduces capital spending in the near in E&P, retains virtually all of our E&P opportunity inventory, holds volumes in E&P basically flat year-over-year, retains the ability to flex our E&P spending still further in conditions worsen. Creates better long term returns in E&P as service and materials cost come down in the future to meet lower commodity. And, we expect that these actions will allow us to meet our debt maturities at mid year 2009 without accessing capital markets should they not reopen even in an environment of lower commodity prices. With that as a preamble let me spend just a few minutes talking about the quarter and then I will turn it over to Mark. In spite of dealing with lots of headwinds in our business, we had a great quarter. Reported earnings of $0.58 were up 190% over last year, more importantly adjusted earnings of $0.35 is a 58% improvement over 2007. EBIT was up 82% over 2007 and in spite of significant capital spending increases, interest expense was down versus 2007. All of this in spite of the effects of hurricanes Gustav and Ike on both business units as well as the corporate office here in Houston. And while we’ll have lingering effect of both storms in our businesses during Q4, we still expect to earn around a $1.25 for the year, our six consecutive years of improvements in earnings. With those brief comments on the quarter I’ll turn it over to Mark and come back at the end to wrap up.
Mark Leland - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Thank you, Doug and good morning everybody. I’m starting on Slide #8 titled financial results. Once again the company generated very strong earnings in cash flow this quarter. We are reporting adjusted earnings per share of $0.35 compared to $0.22 for the third quarter of last year. I’ll cover the adjustments in a minute. Reported earnings per share is $0.58 with net income of $445 million. Adjusted EBITDA was a $1.248 billion up 50% from the same period last year. Adjusted EBITDA includes over $280 million in mark-to- market gains and other special items and excluding those items adjusted EBITDA was up 18% compared to last year. Growth and earnings this quarter is driven by strong realized gas prices which were up $1.80 per Mcf to $8.92 per Mcf.  Interest expense was $221 million again this quarter, which is down from $228 million in the third quarter last year. The items impacting earnings this quarter are highlighted on Slide #9. As we previously discussed for 2008, we’re only adjusting for significant mark-to- market items and legacy matters in our non-core or discontinued up businesses. We’re not adjusting for the impact of hurricane or the unique items in either of our core business units. The first item is the $63 million pretax or $0.05 per share mark- to-market gain from the change in fair value of legacy power trading contracts in the marketing sector. I’ll give more color on the PJM basis in a couple of slides by the last quarter. The second significant item impacting the quarter’s results is the $12 million or $0.01 per share loss associated with legacy indemnification related to the sale of ammonia facility. The third item is the $14 million pretax or $0.01 per share gain associated with the change in fair value production puts and calls in the marketing segment eased to head E&P cash flows. The remaining transactions in the marketing segment relate to oil and gas hedges that we entered when we closed the Medicine Bow transaction in 2005. We’ve done all of our 2008 and forward hedging for oil and gas production in the E&P segments and some of those hedges have not been designated for hedge accounts. So, the final adjustment relates to that $215 million mark-to-market adjustment or $0.18 per share associated with gains in the E&P segments due to lower oil and gas prices at quarter end. This amount is net of the million dollar in the current quarter settlements. So, accounting for these items brings adjusted EPS to $0.35 per share. Slide #10 highlights our business unit contribution. On a combined basis our core pipeline and E&P businesses generated $1.98 billion of EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA of $1.73 billion. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated with our 50% interest in Citrus and 49% interest in Four Star on a proportional basis and as you remember there is no debt on Four Star. Marketing reported an EBITDA gain of $82 million, which I’ll provide more detail in a minute. Power EBITDA was at $6 million loss due to foreign exchange movements and corporate EBITDA was at $1 million due primarily to litigation accruals. There’s a chart in the appendix that gives pro forma details for the adjustment EBITDA calculations. Now, I’m turning to cash flow on Slide #11. For the first three quarters of this year, cash flow before working capital changes was just under $2.3 billion up $694 million or 44% and cash flow from continuing operations was $2.51 billion compared to a $1.493 billion this time last year. CapEx through September this year is a $1.905 billion and we spent $352 million on the acquisition of our 50% interest in Gulf LNG and some producing property in the Rockies. Also so far this year we completed the E&P property sales as well as two sales of more international power plants and received $671 million in cash proceeds. So far this year we have cash flow -- we’re cash flow positive by over $300 million taking into consideration a strong operating cash flow and asset sales. Slide #12 details earnings for the marketing segment this quarter. The bulk of what goes on the marketing segment is related to the roll off of our non-core legacy trading book. For the quarter we realized an EBIT gain of $14 million due to the change in fair value production related derivatives compared to last year gain of $15 million. The gain was primarily driven by mark-to-market gains on 2008 oil callers used to hedge Medicine Bow acquisition which we closed in ‘05. In the other category of marketing positions, the gas book was up $7 million primarily due to higher interest rates this quarter and we realized the gain of $63 million in the power book mostly due to the narrowing of the PJM basis and I’ll give more color on this in the next slide. So, in total marketing segment realized the gain of $82 million this quarter. Slide #13 chronicles the mark-to-market earnings impact and quarterly cash settlements of our long dated PJM basis position. We showed this slide last quarter and the point here is that well a PJM basis contract is treated as a level three derivative contract valued on a quarterly basis and given its long dated nature and illiquid trading point is subject to fairly large mark-to-market earnings swings. Quarterly cash impact that was really pretty low like this quarter which was only a $7 million cash out compared to $63 million gain. Slide #14 summarizes our 2008 hedge program for October and forward. In short the balance of our ‘08 program is 42 TBtu with an average floor of $7.93 and an average ceiling just over $10. On the oil side we have 100,000 barrels of oil hedge with an average floor and ceiling of around $80. We have a very outstanding hedge position for 2009, which is summarized on slide #15. The ‘09 natural gas hedges have an average floor of just over $9 million on a 176 TBtu and an average ceiling of just over $15 on a 151 TBtu. On the oil and other liquid side we have swap selling 3.4 million barrels at an average price of about $110. In oil about 70% of our domestic gas and 60% of our domestic oil production is hedged. For 2009, hedge program is in the money by about $500 million with multiple aerated counterparties all of which are in our E&P company credit facility. These hedge positions will contribute significantly to our cash flow stability and liquidity in 2009. Now, for what many of you have been focused on and that’s the status of our liquidity, which is summarized on Slide #16. First, we had $1.9 billion in liquidity at the end of the quarter, a $1.2 billion of which is in cash and approximately $700 million is available on our revolving credit facility. The picture is pretty much the same at the end of October. Supporting our liquidity we have $2.5 billion in revolving credit facilities that don’t mature until 2012. And we have $1 billion in LC facility that expire in 2009 and 2011, which is somewhat inline with the reduction of our LC needs as the trading book rolls off. We have a diverse group of 31 banks supporting our facilities. Only Lehman has failed to fund and the potential impact of them not funding the future is about $27 million dollars and we are not including that 27 in our liquidity numbers. Our credit facilities have two primary covenants. Debt-to-EBITDA and EBITDA-to-fixed charges, the Debt-to-EBITDA covenant can’t exceed 5.25 times and for the 12 months ended September of this year that ratio stand at 3.4 times leaving over billion dollars of EBITDA cushion. EBITDA-to-fixed charges were 3.1 time growth and 2.0 time covenant for the same time period. As you can see on Slide #17, we have about a $1 billion in debt maturity by the end of second quarter 2009 and in 2010 we only have $251 million in maturities, which matches up very well with our pipeline expansion CapEx, which is heaviest in 2010. And finally, Slide #18 highlights our plan and outlook for the balance of 2008 and 2009 which I think is quite good. With substantial reduction in commodity prices and the impact in shut-in production from Hurricane Ike, we expect 2008 earnings to be around $1.25. We’ve already started to flow discretionary capital spending in 2008. We last targeted ‘08 CapEx of $3.8 billion and now we are targeting $3.5. Our 2009 capital program is being pared down to $3 billion with a $1.7 billion spent on the pipeline and $1.3 at E&P segment. We plan to meet our 2009 maturity primarily to CapEx reductions and other actions including taking partners on pipeline projects, which we’ve highlighted before and some previously planned non-core asset sales. Our plan does not conflate us having to access capital markets until the second half of ‘09. And as we have proven time and time again over the last several years, we will be opportunistic in the capital market. Finally, we have multiple levers to pull, to meet further liquidity challenges to dig this. Additional CapEx reductions, secured financings with our solid stable earnings asset base, additional non-core asset sales, and taking partners on growth projects. So, I feel pretty good about our position of where we stand for 2009. So, with that I will turn it over to Jim for an update on the pipeline.
Jim Yardley - President of Pipeline Group: Thanks Mark, and good morning. Third quarter was a successful, blocking and tackling quarter to pipelines. We continue to deliver consistent financial results throughput grew in spite of hurricanes, the economic slowdown, and a generally cooler summer. And we made very meaningful progress on our significant backlog of highly attractive expansion projects that will generate substantial long-term growth. During the quarter, three more expansions were placed into service. On Slide #21, I will summarize our financial results. Third quarter EBIT before minority interest is 285 million, up 4% in third quarter of ‘07 and year-to-date up 2%. EBIT less minority interest was essentially flat. In the quarter we continue to see increased revenues from expansions, higher throughputs, and capacity sales offset by increased O&M from higher labor cost and additional maintenance required mostly on TGP and EPNG. Also, the hurricanes had an unfavorable impact of approximate $12 million in the quarter. In addition to EBIT, we also show adjusted EBITDA for a 50% interest in Citrus. We think this better reflects the earnings power of our pipelines over $1.3 billion year-to-date. Capital expenditure year-to-date are higher than 2007 and are on plan .For the year we expect total CapEx to be approximate $1.7 billion. On Slide #22, throughput continues to increase up 5% versus 2007. This growth is on top of annual increases of 6% to 7% in each of 2006 and 2007. As we’ve said on prior calls, this multiyear growth is approximately double the rate of total US gas demand growth over the last three years. So, this is good evidence that our pipes are in the most attractive markets and supply basins in the country. Some of the increase is demand driven particularly in Florida and California, but more of it is supply drive particularly out of the Rockies. The increase was despite a significantly cooler summer in both the Northeast and Southeast about 14% fewer cooling degree days. Also, despite the hurricanes’ impact on volume total to Gulf of Mexico. Somewhat surprisingly we have not seen any impact on throughput from the economic slowdown including among our industrial customers. Gas used by steel plants and fertilizer plants in particular were strong in the third quarter. Paper plants usage was essentially flat. Remember the changes in throughput have only a very minor impact on our earnings because our revenue stream is mostly derived from capacity payments that are independent of changes and throughput for gas prices. So, as Doug said, our pipeline business is well positioned to whether the economic downturn and a decline in gas demand should that occur. On Slide #23, just a quick review of the hurricanes’ impact on our TGP system in the Gulf. We had some damage on our pipelines, pipes either severed or displaced. Also, as you can see from the map, several producer on platform connect the TGP either toppled or were significantly damaged. A very preliminary estimates to repair or abandon our facilities in the range of 80 to $120 million. We have over 500 a day shut in, which is about 25% of TGP’s pre-hurricane volume out of the Gulf. But the revenue impact from this lower volume is nil. Importantly through all this we have been able to meet all the needs of our market area customers. The next two slides talk to our good progress on executing on our growth backlog. First on Slide #24, we’ve now placed in service five new growth projects this year that are now earning revenue. These 2008 projects are centered in either the Rockies or the Southeast. All of the El Paso managed projects have been placed in service essentially on budget. The large remaining project to be completed this year is our high plants pipeline that will increase deliverability along the front range of Colorado for both residential home meeting and for power generation. High plains involve the installation of 140 miles of 24 and 30 inch pipe and it’s our largest construction project this year. It’s on budget and expected to be completed by the end of November. We also show here our projects to go in service in 2009, It’s a noteworthy list in that it represents a relatively light construction load relative to the past and is also small relative to the capital associated with our larger projects to go in service in 2010, and beyond, and these other projects are shown on the next slide. Slide #25, this is a breakdown of our backlog. For your reference we update it quarterly. This represents our committed backlog. We’ve committed to go forward with these projects and our customers, by executing long-term contracts to support this capital in turn are committed to us. It’s a very attractive backlog. It obviously provides us with significant growth for the next several years. It has attractive profitability. We expect the ratio of CapEx to run rate EBITDA to be approximately seven times. We continue to manage the CapEx risk and de-risk the projects. All the pipe for the larger projects has been ordered and on most of the projects, we’ve hired the installation contractors. Since our last quarterly call, we have seen no change in our capital forecast to complete these projects. On one smallish project, the work expansion, we’ve upsized it by $15 million to accommodate a customer that has increased its long-term volume and revenue commitment. A few specifics on progress during the quarter on some of our largest projects in the backlog. First of all, on Ruby, PG&E, our largest shipper received a favorable proposed decision from an Administrative Law Judge in California regarding PG&E’s contract with Ruby. Next the California Public Utilities Commission will review PG&E’s request for approval of the contract, and this may occur soon. Separately on Ruby, we continue to work with our three installation contractors on project planning, and refining the route. We expect to submit our FERC certificate application on Ruby shortly after the turn of the year. On FGT Phase 8 in Florida, we submitted last week our FERC application, which is a major milestone. We also are close to finalizing unit price contracts with three contractors to install the pipe in Florida. Under a unit price contract, unlike a time and materials contract, the contractor is paid a set fee per foot of pipeline laid. So the contractor assumes both productivity and weather risks. Once finalized, these arrangements will substantially de-risk this project. Finally, on our LNG-related projects, about half the pipe has now been delivered to Savannah for our Elba Express Pipeline project in Georgia. Pipeline construction will start next spring, Also under a unit price contract, Elba Express will be our largest construction project next year, 100 miles of 36 inch and 42-inch pipe.  On our Elba III expansion, construction of the new tank is well under way, with six of the 14 rings of the outer tank complete, and we have now modified the slip to accommodate the larger LNG shifts. Finally at Gulf LNG in Pascagoula, tiles are being driven to support the construction on the first tank, dredging of the marine berth is complete, and as you recall, both the Elba expansion and the Gulf LNG project being constructed under fixed price EPC contracts, which materially reduces our risk there. So, all this is to say, we are continuing to execute on what we feel is the most attractive growth backlog in the business. On Slide #26, in summary, on the pipes, despite the distractions around us, we have our heads down, and are executing on our long term strategy and plans. We are obviously paying a lot of attention to costs, and we continue on track to achieve our 2008, earnings target. And with that I will turn it over to Brent.
Brent Smolik - President of El Paso Exploration and Production: Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. I am going to start on Slide #28. From earnings perspective, E&P had a good quarter. EBIT was up sharply from a year ago. Much of that is due to higher commodity prices, and then our realized prices were about $80 per M on gas, and about almost $22 for a barrel of oil above the same period last year, and the $15 million mark-to-market gain on hedges that Mark mentioned. Although we had some positives in the third quarter, our aggregate production was below our expectations. Last call I said we were working hard to increase production from the Peoples Energy properties. The good news is we did just that. Now those properties are actually ahead of plan. Another positive note, the Central division, which includes our Arklatex operation continue to perform well and we have grown that division six of the eight last quarters on a performance basis. Unfortunately, the hurricanes reduced third quarter production by about 41 million a day. Mostly in Gulf of Mexico, and we had a shortfall in a couple of our Texas gulf programs in the quarter. Operationally, we made important progress in our Haynesville and Cotton Valley programs and I’ll review those in a few minutes. During the quarter, we also advanced the development in our exploratory projects in Brazil. Now turning to Page 29 titled hurricane impact, like Ike, while Ike was clearly the storm that had the greatest impact, we had four storms this year that created delays or shut-ins in South Texas, the Gulf of Mexico, and the East Texas, North Louisiana area. As you know, we issued a press release a few weeks ago stating we had a total of about 95 million a day of Gulf of Mexico production shut in. About 80 million equivalents per day is still waiting on downstream repairs on the High Island and the Stingray system. We expect to recover 25 million per day by the end of November with the repair of the Stingray system in about 55 million per day will come on in late to mid December with the restoration of the high up system. That leaves about 15 million per day shut in on our two platforms in Eugene Island area. They were more heavily damaged and we’re still in the process of determining the cost of repairing those facilities, and deciding whether or not to complete the repairs. And our early repair cost estimate is about 30 to $35 million, which we would expect to spend in 2008 and 2009. On Page 30, we have the financial and operational results for the quarter and for the year-to-date. As I mentioned earlier, earnings and EBITDA were strong for the quarter, and even without the $215 million mark-to-market gain, we still had a very solid increase in EBIT and EBITDA over the last year of 41% and 21% respectively. The 430 million of CapEx and acquisition dollars in the third quarter is actually lower than we previously contemplated, and by year end we now expect to spend about $1.8 billion, which is about $100 million less than we previously planned to spend. Turning to Slide 31 for a review of third quarter production, on the right side of the page are the volumes as reported, and on the left side are the pro forma volumes. The third quarter 2007-08 pro forma number reflects the adjustment from volumes of the properties that were sold in the first quarter, and then we assume that we owned the Peoples properties for all of 2007. The third quarter 2008 VAR has also been adjusted up, to include 41 million per day of lost hurricane volumes. On this basis, the Gulf is about flat, and the onshore divisions are up about a 1% sequentially, and up about 8% from Q3 2007. On an as reported basis, we produced 793 million a day in the third quarter. We had good growth in the Central division, which is where we are devoting much of our capital domestically, and we were flat to up slightly in our Western and TGC divisions. The Gulf of Mexico was down largely due to the shut -ins and Hurricane Ike. The Texas Gulf Coast came in below our expectations, and there are some pluses and minuses in that division. On the last call, I discussed that we started the year behind due to a combination of the slow start in our drilling program and poor results from wells drilled last year by Peoples, prior to closing the acquisition. We have also been disappointed with some of our legacy Yewah [ph] and Wilcox extension, and exploration wells this year, and we have moved capital away from those programs in the second half of this year, and our 2009 capital plan. On a positive note, we successfully grown the Peoples Energy production volumes, and across E&P, we are up from about 60 million a day, to over 100 million a day since the beginning of the year. And our October volumes are actually ahead of where we expected to be, when we put together our plan last December. And most of that growth has come from the South Texas division. In response to lower gas prices and the tougher capital markets, we have begun to reduce our CapEx in all divisions beginning in late Q3. In Q4 TGC will shift from 12 to about 8 rigs, Arklatex will decrease from the planned 10 to 8 rigs, and then we will drop one Altamont rig in Utah, and one rig in the Gulf. In total, we will likely drill about 10 less wells this year, which allow us a negative impact on Q4 and a very slight impact on the full volume guidance. So, for the year including Four Star, we are now expecting to wind up in a range of 815 to 825 today, which reflects the loss of full year average of about 30 million per day for the year due to hurricanes as well as the slow down in our capital program. Turning to cash cost on slide l#32, there is a few moving parts in this quarter. We were negatively impacted by hurricane cause in the gulf and an incremental work over activity in the Altamont field, but the Altamont field was designed to focus on increasing more volumes in a period of very high low prices, we were well above $100 for the quarter year. G&A benefited from a legal judgment we received in the quarter and while we still believe that the focus on managing these costs is an advantage for us especially be so in a declining commodity price environment, so the key massage I want to take from this slide is, our noble run rate for LOE and G&A is about a $1.50 per M and production taxes were about $0.50 for the quarter but remember that varies widely with the commodity prices.  On slide #33, we have an update for our Cotton Valley horizontal and Haynesville programs in the Arklatex. In the Cotton Valley trend we fill four horizontal wells this year, with two currently producing and two currently drilling. And while we’re still in the early stage of this program we’re very pleased with the results to-date. We have been drilling these wells for roughly $6 to $7 million with five frack stages and we have seen initial production rates in the 4 to 7 million per day range.  We expect to spread two more wells in 2008 and continue advancing the development of that program in 2009. In the Haynesville, we completed two wells and we have a third well drilling and we still may spud one more well before year end. We’ve got a tremendous amount of price and the experience as a company in Arklatex but remember the Miller was our first Haynesville shale well. We had some problems with a couple frack stages on the well, and although not as good as we hoped the well came in above 4 million a day, and is still producing above 3 million cubic feet equivalent per day. We took those learnings from the Miller well and we applied those to the Travis Lynch, in this well we had 10 frack stages versus 7 in the Miller well. And we changed the frack design significantly with better growth results and additional producing rates over 8 million cubic feet a day. So, we are still very early in the play, but we are learning fast. Regarding a couple of other pilot programs, we received 180 acre infill order for the Raton Basin CBM program in the Mexico and we are going to hearing in Utah for the Altamont oil field, where we will also seek regulatory approval to infill to 4 wells per section. Both of those improvements will enable us to add significant long life, lower risk inventory to our total. If you turn if you turn to Slide #34, I will give you a quick Brazil update. The development program at Camarupim or Bia, continues to move very quickly. Petrobras has completed and is testing the first of four development wells, and the pipeline to the field is nearly complete. We are also very close to finalizing the unitization and the other commercial agreements and Petrobras still expects to have first production in the first quarter of 2009. Under El Paso operated PinaAna inter project, we are also very please to receive the first significant environmental approvals from IBAMA, the environmental regulatory agency, during the quarter, and that is called the terms of reference. That is a key milestone in the PinaAna development.  Going forward we plan to slow the pace of development on this project. First, we have several additional regulatory approvals that we need to obtain. Second, since we own 100% of the project, we have the option to manage the pace of spin, and we think it is prudent to do so, because we believe that with we can improve the economics by going slower, taking advantage of softening service and supply costs, and hopefully realizing higher prices for the crude. And third, the current credit Tele markets it also support a revised development schedule. On an exploratory drilling front Petrobras has not ye announced the progress on our Petrobras-operated Copaiba well. That’s located in BM-CAL-5 block, which is south of our PinaAna field or on our Petrobras operated top well it’s drilling in the ES-5 block, which is the same block as Bia, or the Camarupim block. And I don’t want to get too far ahead of our partners there, but the results are pretty exciting. We are about to flow test or production test the Copaiba well, and we are encouraged enough with the drilling results for logs, that we are continuing to drill on the Tat well. So, we will have more good news I think on those wells soon. We are very pleased with the early results, and we will have a lot more to discuss in the exploratory wells. We remain excited about the total potential of our exploratory portfolio in Brazil, and with the success on those projects, we could add meaningfully to our international reserves. And even in a capital constrained world, Brazil continues to be very a good option for us with very good near term cash flow from our Bia project next year, and then long-term growth coming from PinaAna, and the balance of our exploration acreage. Down page 35 as Mark said, we are planning for about $1.3 billion CapEx program next year, which is roughly 30% below the 2008 program. We are still finalizing the details, but here is the rationale driving our capital allocation. We are still focused on larger scale, lower risk repeatable programs, that offer solid economics, and provide more certain cash flows for next year. We made significant progress this year in areas like the Haynesville, the Cotton Valley and the Niobrara Shale, but we will have a large future inventory, and we will further optimize our horizontal drilling and completion techniques next year. Near term we will temper the CapEx allocated to the higher risk programs, such as TGC and the Gulf of Mexico, and as a result, both of those areas will see volumes decline in 2009. So, on balance we will focus our drilling on higher ROP areas so we will be trading off less near-term volume growth for a higher predictability and longer term results growth. In 2009, what we expect is for total production to be roughly flat with 2008, so that mean the growth and the volumes and from Camarupim, will offset declines in our domestic Gulf of Mexico TGC programs. Also we have lower beta programs that generates more predictable cash flows. Unfortunately, we have the discretion in our E&P capital program which can be accomplished for the manner that doesn’t negatively impact our long term inventory. Since we operate most of the properties, as Doug said and since we generally have a very high percentage ownership we can shift our activity levels to respond to the changes in the market environment. And finally, in closing on slide #36 will come with the quarter but it time to switch gears in terms of our capital allocation. In the fourth quarter of ‘08 in the 2009, capital flow downs will provide consistent cash flow we want and we will still have a deep inventory that is largely held by existing production. And 1.3 billion of CapEx production will be roughly flat with 2008, given that we still hurricane volumes shut in during the fourth quarter, and near-term we are shifting to higher ROP programs. We are preserving our drilling inventory and our organizational capability, so when the markets still open back up, we will have the opportunity and the flexibility to shift our E&P focus back to growth. So, then I will now turn back to Doug for closing comments.
Doug Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Thanks, Brent, and let me wrap up this morning. Recent events have conspired to hurt our share price and our investors. Just a few months ago, we were trading at our six-year high, and just a few weeks ago, we were close to our five year low. Thirteen primary factors drove this dramatic change. First, the near-term drop in commodity prices, and fears that US and possibly a worldwide recession, could mean that these lower prices sustain themselves. Second, the near total closure of public capital markets more recently across every industry sector, and third, the recent reports of significant cost overruns on pipeline projects operated by others in the industry. The combination of these events has led to a change in people’s views of the value, and even the attainability of growth in our sector. In the case of El Paso, I believe that this has meant that our $8 billion backlog of growth projects in the pipe, which was our largest strategic asset six months ago, has more recently been perceived by some, certainly not by us, as a strategic liability, as people assess our ability to bring that backlog to fruition, both in terms of our execution capabilities, and in terms of our ability to fund that growth. We believe that the current market actually plays to our strengths in a relative sense. First, we have a track record of building infrastructure projects and bringing them in on time and on budget, and that continues to be borne out in our execution this year. Second, we have constructed a backlog of pipeline projects that allocates risks in a way that we think is both prudent and unique among our peers. Third, having an E&P business where virtually all of our capital spending is discretionary, means that we can use this to our advantage in the near term, cutting back now and having a flexibility to continue to shape this capital spend, to both ensure our ability to fund the total Company’s. plans, and at the same time preserve the inventory in our E&P portfolio. This is also prudent from a pure E&P standpoint as we are currently in that period where prices have affected our revenue line dramatically, but service costs which are always sticky on the way down haven’t yet come down commensurately. We can do all this and still preserve our profitability in the near term, as a result of a substantial hedge portfolio for oil and gas, and in the longer term, as those pipeline growth projects over time, add $1.2 billion year in EBITDA, to a pipeline business that today generates about $1.8 billion in total, all underpinned by long-term contracts. And finally, we have a work force that is engaged and committed to our success, as was evidenced by our most recent employee survey. In that survey, which we conduct every two years, 96% of our employees participated, and they told us that they understand our strategy, and that they are committed to it. In each of the 16 categories measured, we scored above the energy industry norm and above the high performance industry norm used for comparative purposes by the third party serve provider. So as a group, we are engaged. We have recent relevant experience in dealing with these kind of environments we have a plan to deal with the current environment, and finally, we intend to do that while at the same time preserving our long-term value creation objectives. With that, we will turn it over to your questions this morning.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Michael Sedoy from Diamondback Capital. Your line is open.
Michael Sedoy: Doug, good morning can you please update us what’s your source regarding potential separation of the pipeline business from E&P?
Doug Foshee :  I’m sorry could you repeat the question.
Michael Sedoy: Yeah could you us update on your source related to potential separation of the pipeline business from E&P business? 
Doug Foshee : Okay, thank you. That is some thing that is in our company sort of always on the table as a possibility. I would say we don’t have any current plans to do that, and right now don’t see the value proposition for our company associated with doing that today.
Michael Sedoy:  Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Rebecca Followill from Tudor Pickering & Holt. Your line is open.
Rebecca Followill:  Good morning. Can you guys talk a little bit on your allocation of capital between E&P and pipes and is it driven by the high allocation of pipes versus E&P, is that driven by the return you see in that business, or the financial obligations you have to build those pipes?
Doug Foshee : Well, I would say Rebecca, we can’t ignore the current realities of the capital market, and so we have an $8 billion portfolio of pipeline projects that are 60 or 80 year kind of investments, in terms of the duration of those assets. And we do as a matter of corporate priority protect those and put those at sort of the highest part of the pecking order, from a capital allocation standpoint. And in addition to that, of course, we have made commitments to our customers. We have made commitments to contractors. We have made commitments to pipe companies, and those kinds of things. And by the way, we are very happy with that. We happen to have the flexibility, we believe, to respond to two things, one is the significant drop in commodity prices that hasn’t yet, but we believe will lead to a commensurate drop in the cost of services related to our E&P business, and we have a portfolio in E&P that lends itself to be in flexible in since that we have very high working interest we operate of properties we have interest in. So, we can flex our E&P capital spend up and down to meet those market needs, which we think is a prudent thing to do, frankly whether or not we had an $8 billion pipeline backlog, but it is certainly prudent to do in that circumstance, and we can do it without sacrificing significant profitability because of the fact that so much of our earnings comes from a pipeline business, that doesn’t have throughput or near-term throughput, or commodity price volatility.
Rebecca Followill: In the event that the capital markets remain closed, and we know it won’t last forever, but let’s say it last through the third quarter of next year, what else could be cut? Where do you have flexibility to further cut CapEx?
Doug Foshee : Well I would say at the extreme, virtually all of our E&P capital, maybe with the exception of some of the international capital for 2009 is discretionary. In addition to that, though, we have a lot of other options besides just CapEx cuts, and we have a whole raft of things that we would consider to protect the business, and keep it intact.
Rebecca Followill: Thank you. I am sorry. One final question, on your list of four year priorities for E&P, you mentioned the Niobrara and the Pierre in the New Albany. I thought all those areas were still kind of in the pilot program, so I was a little surprised to see those on there. Have those moved up on the priority list?
Brent Smolik: Rebecca, this is Brent. Think of them as extending the pilots. If the activity levels that we have in there for next year, they look like extensions of f this year’s pilot programs. We continue to learn about drilling techniques and costs.
Rebecca Followill: Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Nathan Judge from Atlantic Equities. Your line is open.
Nathan Judge: Good morning. I wanted to clarify as far as production was concerned for 2009. You said that your production will be flat. Is that based upon a production level this year that includes or excludes hurricane impacts, i.e., would it be the 815 level?
Mark Leland: 815 to 825, yes, flat to that.
Nathan Judge:  So, what kind of reserve change would this type of capital, 1.3 billion capital deployment result in generally?
Mark Leland: In terms of the existing reserves, Nathan, or next year’s capital?
Nathan Judge:  Next year’s capital?
Mark Leland: Shouldn’t change much. I mean on the margin we are spending less capital for the numerator, but on the denominator we still have some significant resource type plays in Altamont and Raton, and some of the Arklatex areas that have the ability to book some PUD. If anything, it takes a little less pressure off F&D.
Doug Foshee:  And, the other thing I would say, as we roll into 2009, we should start to get the benefit in a way that we haven’t yet from the international stuff. So, for example Bia coming on stream in the first quarter of 2009, as well as we haven’t really booked any, obvious any of the exploratory reserves to speak of.
Nathan Judge: Just back to production then, if we were to look at perhaps a more normalized level, or an adjusted level for production of including, or adding back into the hurricane into full year production, and we also adjust full year ‘09 number production before the production from Bia, it looks as if $1.3 billion is not a level that would sustain your production on a 2010 basis?
Doug Foshee: We are still in that same neighborhood we have been all along for along for maintenance capital, if you define it by keeping production flat. We have said pretty consistently 1.2 to depending on commodity prices and therefore costs 1.3. And so, we are kind of in that same neighborhood of, we think, of staying flat at about 1.3 billion.
Mark Leland:  And I would say the one other thing I would add is we have not presumed in that 1.3 a significant reduction in oil field services costs. So, to the extent there is some upside there, we could benefit from that. We believe it is going happen. We don’t have enough confidence to forecast it yet.
Nathan Judge: And then just as a follow-on question, two, one of the questions asked earlier with regard to splitting the company, could you just, Mr. Foshee, could you just talk about generally about what change that would not be, before when the stock was higher, I think there was more focus perhaps on splitting the company and today there seems to be less focus on it, even though it is on the table. What has changed generally and strategically, that makes it not something that would add value?
Doug Foshee:  Yes, I would say, first of all, I have to disagree with the premise from the management team standpoint and the Board, I wouldn’t say we are more or less enthusiastic about that today, than we were in a high price environment. I would say this though, when I think about what has hurt valuation on this rundown associated with commodity prices, and then the change in the capital markets, it seems to me in our particular case is mostly been driven especially more recently by the closure of the markets and people concerns over how we are going to fund our capital budget and how we are going meet, mature in 2009 and I hope we have laid out a plan that shows you that we are confident in our ability to do that, even in a capital constrained environment. And so, I guess our view is at this moment in time we don’t see tremendous value attributable to a split in this kind of an environment though that something we comfortably look at. But, I would that’s probably less of an opportunity for us at this red hot moment than it maybe in the future or has been in past.
Nathan Judge: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Faisel Khan from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Doug Foshee: Good morning, Faisel.
Faisel Khan: Good morning, guys. If I could ask I know when the maturities come due for next year in the first and second half of ‘09, given where we are right now the commodity price, given what you said for CapEx for both the pipeline business and E&P business, here is the question will you be free cash flow positive through with the second quarter of ‘09, given where we are right now?
Doug Foshee: If you look at our entire plan, we certainly don’t expect to be free cash flow for the full year and that’s why we probably that type of capital markets over the second half. Between the slowing down of capital currently and our current level of liquidity we feel comfortable that we will be able to meet those maturities in May.
Faisel Khan: From an operating perspective will you be free cash flow positive after CapEx through the second quarter of ‘09? I know you can meet the maturities but the question is on an operating basis can you only be free cash flow positive after CapEx?
Doug Foshee: No, no.
Faisel Khan: Okay.
Doug Foshee: We are counting on some of the liquidity that we have on the balance sheet today.
Faisel Khan: Okay. And then related to some of the comments, I guess, you made in your press release related to looking at possibly entertaining partnerships for some of the pipeline, I guess what’s the level of interest right now in kind of doing that, I guess have you begin phone calls or you yet to make more outgoing phone calls what is the level of interest there?
Doug Foshee: I would say that the level of interest on the inbound side has been relatively high. We haven’t made assumptions about what that might be but that’s really also not a change from what we would have been in our last call. We have always thought that it will be prudent to look at partners for some of the growth projects, the one I guess has been talked about most is Ruby.
Faisel Khan: Got you, okay.
Doug Foshee: That’s certainly the one on which we got the most inbound calls.
Faisel Khan: Okay. And how does the, is capacity in our fleet subscribed on Ruby, are we over subscribed now or where are we with that in that situation?
Mark Leland: Capacity we are between 1.1 and 1.2 today of subscriptions and we are looking at a pipeline that would be sized somewhere between 1.3 and 1.5.
Faisel Khan: Okay. And do you expect, are there other indications of interest in the pipe in terms of taking phone capacity or you think we are pretty much there?
Mark Leland: No, I think there are addition to this, there is a lot of interest on both the market side as well as the fiduciary side I think if you think about the 1.1 to 1.2 today its as you know, its 375 are the robust for the market side represented by PG&E and the rest is fiduciary and going forward I would think the mix might look something similar to that.
Faisel Khan: Okay, got you. And then, discussion to the E&P side for a question. I guess, for next year how much capital will you guys be deploying into the into the Haynesville and Niobrara, and those projects?
Doug Foshee: I don’t have that in front of me Faisel. The total capital we have right now splits about little over $200 through to $250 for all of the international and the rest is domestic and then the bulk of the domestic, almost half of that is going to be that central division and so that includes the traditional Cotton Valley side gas, and those kinds of things and then it includes Haynesville pilot program and Cotton Valley Horizontal program. So, it will be a shift in the aggregate to longer term, longer ROP and more predictable kinds of access in a shift away from the shorter life more risky more uncertain projects.
Faisel Khan: Okay, and then on Pinauna what’s the time line look like now. I guess you guys kind of hinted that time line kind of moves a little bit further back?
Brent Smolik: Yes, what we are going there is, we’re going to base that project, the development of that project with the regulatory environmental approvals. We are currently anticipating if we push back as much as a year and the plans that we have now, but will learn more about that as we go through the rest of the year. The first significant milestone that we got on that was in terms of reference that I talked about and then we got several more environmental permits to get following that.
Faisel Khan: And how does that drive would be with the expected capital that you’re going to spend on that project. Don’t you have to order some of that equipment ahead of time or could not be delayed?
Brent Smolik: Yeah, most of it can be delayed. We had a lot of things identified including FSO, some things long lead time items that we had started to procure but there is very little holding cost or cost of delay or slowing that project’s pace.
Faisel Khan: Okay, got you.
Brent Smolik: The main thing is we will project in working through all of the issues and we will keep working the environmental issues that will be the biggest cost in ‘09.
Faisel Khan: Okay, great.
Doug Foshee: It also gives us the benefit of a lot more learnings around what’s going on in Copaiba, which is a well as Brent said we are in the process of testing that.
Brent Smolik: That exploratory well is in the southern part of that same basin. So, given success there that would increase enthusiasm the basin.
Faisel Khan: You can tie that into your current project?
Doug Foshee: We can tie in that project but it would -- on the margin it would be the basin that’s been active historically for Petrobras certainly become more active.
Faisel Khan: Okay, got you, thanks for the time guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Maura Shaughnessy from MFS. Your line is open.
Doug Foshee: Good morning, Maura.
Maura Shaughnessy: Just help me understand the seasonality of the cash flow what typically is the better seasonal quarter in terms of the cash flow such as maybe you just can talk to me about that all else equal obviously?
Mark Leland: Maura, this is Mark. Fourth and first quarters are the strongest cash flow quarters on the pipeline part of the business. And, generally for the E&P side of the business given the hedges, not given the hedges, but given the overall normal cyclical commodity price environment. Our hedge position in ‘09 for the E&P side of the business is somewhat weighted to the first quarter, so we would expect strong cash flow for Q4, Q1 and then Q2 is usually pretty good quarter, Q3 is the lowest.
Maura Shaughnessy: Okay. And getting back to the Ruby situation, can you describe what assuming you own a 100% in 9 and 10, what the capital spending is going to be on that project?
Doug Foshee: Yes, we probably spent, this is a $3 billion project, we probably spent about $100 million today, we committed as you know on the pipe, but total pipe order is over $900 million. A lot of that get spent over the course of ‘09, just generally you would be looking at probably over ‘09 and ‘010, $1 billion each for total capital spending and the remainder in early ‘011.
Maura Shaughnessy: Okay. My guess, that the market reaction to capital plan one of the concerns clearly is the potential need to go to the capital markets in the second half of ‘09 and not that any one has any clue as to what that environment is going like? I guess, I am just trying understand you guys have talked in the past and been very open to partnership on the Ruby project and given the basis situation in the Rockies, I know that the producers are certainly in dire need of that kind of a project. And, I’m trying to understand because if some sort of partnership were done in the short term, lot of this capital concerned would be materially alleviated. So, I’m trying to understand frankly why we haven’t heard about a partnership yet on Ruby?
Doug Foshee: Maura, this is Doug. It would have been unusual, I think in any circumstance for us to have announced the partnership by this time when you consider the phase of the project. We will file our first certificate in January.
Maura Shaughnessy: Okay.
Doug Foshee: We are still finalizing the volume commitment side on this because remember after we announce we were waiting some other actions in the marketplace and so we are still finalizing that. I think, actually we are in pretty good shape with regard to Ruby in terms of executing the project. But, it is still an early phase project that goes in, in 2011.
Maura Shaughnessy: Right. So, Doug are you saying you need to have all of it signed up and the FERC?
Doug Foshee: No, no. But, remember we are probably days or little away CPEC approval.
Mark Leland: We have regulatory approvals to get, PG&E has received yet the approval CPEC which may happen soon. As Doug, we are just starting into the regulatory year which will be next year. But, I think this clearly interest and growing interest as we continue to execute.
Maura Shaughnessy: Okay, great well thanks very much.
Doug Foshee: Operator, take one more.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Carl Kirst from BMO Capital. Your line is open.
Carl Kirst: Hi, thanks everyone. Actually I just really wanted key off of Maura’s question, so it is apropos here, I would guess, I was trying to look at perhaps the timing of the partnership as well, is that something, well I guess two questions. One, as you take the color of the inbound calls is this primarily from private equity pension or is it also operators that’s one question? The second question really has more to do with timing, is this something that we could still be sort of in the second half of next year where once we kind of get the approvals this could be a relatively quick process, I understand it’s a difficult question to answer but any color would be helpful?
Doug Foshee: Yeah, I would first of all, we are not going to talk about as a matter of policy who we are talking to about partnerships except to tell you that there has been keen interest in folks partnering with us on Ruby on all fronts. In terms of timing it is a priority for us it’s not the only, remember it’s not the only lever we have to pull. So, it is something that we are focused on along with the host of other issues or other opportunities that we have and so, we are on our end of the table just so you know from a tone standpoint. We are confident in our ability to execute this plan. We are also confident in our ability to deal with capital markets as they sit today and just would remind people that this is company that in the last five years has been as active in a constraint capital environment as maybe any company in our pier group. And by and large especially when it comes to asset sales and partnerships and those kind of things by and large we have been able to deliver on our commitments. And so, we have a lot of levers to pull in this company, we know how to react in this kind of a market. And, I think while you may not agree with every decision we made, we’ve laid out pretty clearly what our primary objectives were which well have preserved the $8 billion backlog that we have in our pipeline. That means we know what our long term profitability looks in the biggest part of our business has no real exposure to commodity prices or throughput issues. So, we know what that revenue line looks like. We’re going to preserve that. And secondly, to use of our E&P business in the near term in order to flex capital spending up and down, which is prudent for a couple of reasons. One, we can do it because frankly we can, we have high working interest and we operate mostly properties we are in but also and we can do it without sacrificing the inventory that sits in that company. And secondly, it’s a prudent thing to do in any case because of what’s happened to commodity prices and the lag effect between commodity prices and service cost. And, we think in the end we will end up preserving our inventory, generating better returns and still have the opportunity to add some bulk businesses. So, with that I will wrap it up and thank you for your attention this morning.
Carl Kirst: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call, you may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-06 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Bruce Connery - IR  Doug Foshee - President and CEO Mark Leland - CFO and EVP Jim Yardley - President of Pipeline Group  Brent Smolik - President of E&P Company
Analysts: Shneur Gershuni - UBS Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Sam Brothwell - Wachovia Faisel Khan - Citigroup Rebecca Followill - Tudor Pickering Holt Mark Afracozaci - Pemco Rick Gross - Lehman Brothers Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Casey, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the El Paso Corporation Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevented any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions).  I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Bruce Connery, Vice President of Investor and Media Relations. You may begin your conference.  
Bruce Connery: Good morning and thank you for joining our call. In just a moment I will turn the call over to Doug Foshee, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Others with us this morning who are participating in the call are Mark Leland, our; Jim Yardley, who is President of our Pipeline Group and Brent Smolik, President of our E&P Company.  Throughout this call we'll be referring to slides which are available on our website at elpaso.com. This morning we issued a press release and we will file with the SEC as an 8-K and is also on our website. During the call we'll include certain forward-looking statements and projections. The Company has made every reasonable effort to ensure that the information and assumptions on which these statements and projections are based are current reasonable to the plea. However, a variety of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the statements and projections expressed in this call. Those factors are identified under the cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements section of earnings press release, as well as in other of our filings with the SEC, and you should refer to them. The Company assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements made during this conference call or any other forward-looking statements made by the Company, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Please note that during the call we will use non-GAAP numbers such as EBIT and EBITDA, and we have included a reconciliation of all non-GAAP numbers in the appendix of our presentation.  Now I will turn the call over to Doug. 
Doug Foshee: Thanks, Bruce. Good morning, and thanks for joining us. We're happy to report another good quarter for El Paso. $0.39 a share on an adjusted basis, a significant improvement over last year's second quarter and continued strong cash generation from our two core businesses. I want to start this morning by highlighting for you how we view our score card for the first six months. Accomplishments, challenges, and the expected outcomes for the year.  In terms of accomplishments in the pipelines, last year we began highlighting three potential projects in the pipes that we were chasing but hadn't yet landed. A new export line out of the Rockies, a significant expansion opportunity in the Southeast, and a significant expansion in the Northeast. We've now converted each of those into committed backlog.  Ruby and FGT phase 8 were announced earlier, and while our large Greenfield project in the Northeast hasn't yet materialized, we announced yesterday a great expansion out of Appalachia with our good customer equitable resources. Jim will talk more about this in his comments, but in total we now have a committed backlog of $8 billion, more than double the backlog from just a few months ago and by far the largest backlog in our history. This backlog will add $1.2 billion in EBITDA to our pipes over the next several years.  In E&P we're starting to reap the fruits of our portfolio work of the past couple of years as well as continuing to improve our inventory on legacy properties. Brent will talk about progress in the Haynesville, Niobrara, and Raton, Altamont oil and Raton CBM all of which should add to our non-improved inventory this year and play a growing role in our capital plans as we enter 2009. We have also made significant progress in moving our two Brazil development projects towards first production. In particular, I would point out the acceleration in the pace of development at Bia, now named Camarupim by the operator Petrobras with first gas now expected in Q1 '09 at 35 million to 50 million cubic feet a day net to El Paso and priced off of an index to oil.  We completed our divesture program in the first half and we added a bolt-on acquisition at the Altamont field taking our ownership their upto 100% in most of the field where we're now planning to go from 320 to 160-acre space. This is a mature old field with 3 billion barrels of original oil in place and very low recovery rates to-date. Today's oil prices combined with some improvements in drilling cost have made this opportunity very economic.  On the commodity price front, we continue to add to our 2009 hedging portfolio in the second quarter with both 9 by 18 collars and 10 by 17 collars as well as some $110 oil swaps. The combination will enhance revenues by over $250 million next year.  Last, as you know we increased our dividend this year and our board approved a share buyback program. To-date we spent $31 million of our approved $300 million program at an average price of $18.70 a share for a total of 1.7 million shares.  Finally, in E&P as a result of the success of our pilot programs in the first half of the year, as well as $40 million or $50 million in inflation on the existing capital program we're adding about $200 million to our drilling CapEx for 2008 giving us a good head start to '09 as we close out the second half of the year.  Now I want to spend time talking about our challenges in '08 some of which will be ongoing as we plan for 2009. The first of these is project management. We have the largest backlog in the 80-year history in the Company of our pipes and that's of course a good thing, but it is going to require strong execution by our internal staff to bring these projects in on time, on budget, and safely. We have the same issue on the E&P side. We now have the biggest project inventory we've had maybe in history but certainly in the almost five years I've been here.  In addition, we have three very important project to manage internationally, two development projects in Brazil, and a drilling campaign kicking off in the fourth quarter in Egypt. By the way, these are the kinds of high quality challenges we've been dreaming of having for the past five years. A big part of the challenge of project execution has to do with Item 2 on the chart, cost control. On the pipes, the challenges and overly complex. Managed steel price risk and managed construction costs. In E&P, there are larger number of items, but it essentially boils down to effectively managing the supply chain and continuing to gain efficiencies in longer term drilling programs.  So what are we doing to meet these challenges? We started investing in our supply chain management function well over a year ago in anticipation of much of this. In addition, we've added project staff, we've added training, we've improved our project costing skills. We've improved our real-time project surveillance, and we've tried to be diligent about the process of post project reviews so we incorporate learning’s from one project into the balance of our inventory as quickly as possible.  Finally, as you will hear in both Jim and Brent's comments we focused on locking in major cost components as early in a cycle as possible to mitigate the risk of cost inflation. The next item, acquisition integration, is purely self inflicted. The people's acquisition was the first we've done in awhile that came with significant staff levels. In hindsight we were a little too optimistic about our staff retention rates early on and as a result we didn't hit the activity levels we forecast in the first six months post closing, and the result is we're behind there on volumes. Brent will explain this in detail, but the shorter answer is we're now back on track, but the delay means we're likely to be at the low end of our guidance of 8.60 to 9.20 for the year.  We've now completed our reviews and we have incorporated the learning’s into our acquisition integration process for future acquisitions. The fact is we love the acquisition which improved our cost structure, added to the inventory, and already worth a lot more than we paid for it, but not hitting our early targets just isn't acceptable.  The final item on the challenges list is the mark-to-market volatility associated with our PJM basis position. I highlight this item not because it is a significant cash or value item, but because it’s the only significant remaining source of quarter-to-quarter earnings volatility from our legacy power and trading business. The cash impact of this item isn't material. This quarter was only about $9 million in cash, but it is a long dated item that's positively but not perfectly correlated with gas prices. That creates the potential for some ongoing volatility in our non-cash earnings as gas prices fluctuate. When you roll all of this up it means earnings of $1.40 to $1.50 a share assuming actual prices through August, and the strip for September through December, EBITDA of $3.8 million to $3.9 million, and our sixth consecutive year of improved earnings and return on total capital. This earnings number is consistent with what we previously have shown under various natural gas price scenarios.  The additions to the pine line backlog as well as increased drilling activity in E&P will spend about $3.8 billion in total capital this year, and the inventory we built in both business units really sets us up well for 2009. So while our share price has suffered with the rest of our peers over the last month or so, our excitement and optimism about 2009 has actually increased.  With that I will turn it over to Mark and come back later to wrap up. Mark.
Mark Leland : Thank you, Doug, and good morning, everybody. I am on slide 9 titled financial results. The Company generated strong earnings this quarter. We reported adjusted earnings per share of $0.39 compared to adjusted earnings per share of $0.29 for the second quarter last year. I will cover the adjustments on the next slide.  Reported earnings per share is $0.25 with net income of $191 million. Adjusted EBITDA was $865 million, up 6% from the same period last year which includes in this year includes $200 million of mark-to-market losses and other special items. Growth and earnings this quarter was driven by strong realized natural gas prices which were up $1.86 per Mcf to $9.53.  Interest expense was $221 million which was down from $231 million in the second quarter of last year. The items impacting earnings this quarter are highlighted on slide 10. The first is the $105 million pre-tax or $0.09 per share mark-to-market loss from the change in fair value of legacy power trading contracts in the marketing segment. I want to point out cash settlements on the related positions were only 8.8 million for the quarter.  As I highlighted in our April analyst meeting in New York, we have unhedged exposure to locational power price differences or basis in the PGM power region. Basis in that region tends to move with natural gas prices and in the second quarter run up in gas prices drove the widening of the east-west basis in PGM. I will spend some more time discussing this in a few minutes. The second significant item impacting the quarters results is a $9 million $0.01 per share gain associated with the legacy indemnification related to the sale of ammonia facility. The third item is a $27 million pre-tax or $0.04 per share gain associated with other adjustments to legacy litigation liabilities. The last two items relate to our hedging portfolio. The first is the $52 million pre-tax or $0.04 per share loss from the change in fair value of puts and calls in the marketing segment used to hedge E&P cash flows. If you recall, these remaining transactions in the marketing segment relate to oil and gas hedges we entered into when we closed the Medicine Bow acquisition several years ago.  We've done all of our 2008 and forward hedging in our oil and gas production in our E&P segment and some of those hedges have not been designated for hedge accounting, so the final adjusting item is a $61 million or $0.06 per share mark-to-market loss in the E&P segment due to higher oil and gas prices at quarter year-end. These amounts are net of $14 million current quarter selling.  If we mark these positions today we would see a significant gain due to the recent reduction in forward gas prices. So, in the end adjusting for these items brings EPS to $0.39 per share.  Slide 11 highlights business unit contribution. On a combined basis our core pipeline and E&P businesses generated $895 million in EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA of 963 million. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated with our 50% share of Citrus and our 49% interest in Four Star on a proportional basis, and you recall there isn't any debt on Four Star.  Our marketing and trading of quarter to EBITDA loss of 153 million and I will give more color on that in a minute. Power EBITDA was 12 million, and corporate EBITDA was 43 million. There is a chart in the appendix that provides the relevant details on the adjusted EBITDA calculations.  Now turning to cash flow on slide 12. For the first half of this year cash flow of the four working capital changes was $1,285 billion, up $225 million or 21% from last year, and cash flow from continuing operations was $1,318 billion compared to $882 million this time last year.  CapEx through June this year is $1,175 billion, and we spent $336 million on acquisitions of the 50% interest in Gulf LNG and some producing properties in the Rockies. We completed the E&P property sales as well as two small international power plants and received $659 million in cash proceeds. So far this year we're cash flow positive taking into consideration strong operating cash flow and asset sales.  Slide 13 details earnings from the marketing segment for the quarter. As we have over the past couple of quarters, we've segregated the results to highlight the impact of derivatives used to hedge production cash flows which we view as strategic positions and then other positions which are primarily related to legacy trading book.  For the quarter we realized an EBITDA loss of $52 million due to the change in fair value of production related derivatives compared to last year's gain of $9 million. The losses were primarily driven by mark-to-market losses in our 2008 oil callers used to hedge Medicine Bow back in 2005.  In the other category of marketing positions the gas book was up $11 million primarily due to higher interest rates this quarter, and we recognize losses of $105 million in the power book mostly due to continued widening of PJM basis. I will give more color on this in the next slide. So when total marketing segment recognized a loss of $153 million this quarter.  Slide 14 chronicles the mark-to-market earnings impact and quarterly cash settlements of our long dated PJM basis position. PJM is a regional transmission organization that serves 13 states in the Northeast and operates a wholesale power market. As you recall our legacy contract position in PJM is the remnant from our power restructuring business. We have exposure to price differentials between the PJM west hub and four locations within the east hub. The contracts extend through April 2016 and have a total exposure of about 200 million megawatt hours. Energy typically flows from the supply areas in the west to high demand areas in the east hub. Settlements of those spreads are driven by transmission congestion, and marginal production costs. West hub price often is set by the base load coal and east hub is often set by natural gas fire generation.  At the end of the quarter we saw 32% increase in the forward price of natural gas which led to a 45% increase in the forward PJM basis driving the mark-to-market loss this quarter. Given the long dated nature of this contracted, we experienced large swings in the marks on these contracts which is depicted on the line in the graph. The bars on the graph depict the quarterly cash settlements on the contracts, so while we see a lot of volatility in earnings, the cash impact is relatively small. This quarter settlements were just under $9 million, and this is a fairly illiquid market, so we haven't been able to hedge this exposure but as in the past we continue to look for way to say mitigate the exposure. Given that gas prices have gone down sharply, we would expect to see an improvement in this position for the next quarter or two as basis readjusts.  Slide 15 summarizes our 2008 hedge program for July forward in short balance of our '08 program and includes 98 TBtu with an average forward price of $7.94 with an average ceiling price of $10.23. The hedges are weighted to July through October with November and December hedged about 50% of anticipated production.  On the oil side we have 1.7 million barrels hedged with an average floor and ceiling of just over $79. The oil positions are combination of old collars put on in 2005 and the 1.26 million barrels swapped at just under $18 executed earlier this year.  We added quite a bit to our 2009 hedge program which is highlighted on slide 16. The 2009 natural gas hedges have an average floor just over $9 on 176 TBtu and an average ceiling of just under $15 on 151 TBtu. Since our last quarter call we added about 100 TBtu of floors leaving significant upside in 2009.  On the oil side we recently completed swaps totaling 3.4 million barrels at an average price of nearly $110, so in short the 2009 hedge program covers more than 50% of our '09 production and will enhance revenues -- our revenue outlook by about $270 million compared to 2008.  In summary, second quarter financial performance adds to our good start to 2008. We're on track for our sixth consecutive year of improved profitability. Our balance sheet is in good shape to fund our backlog and our hedge program provides protection with upside to higher prices and our '09 hedge program will provide excellent basis for higher revenues in 2009.  Next Jim Yardley will put color on the pipeline results. 
Jim Yardley : Thanks, Mark, and good morning. The big news at the pipeline group this quarter is that we've added four new projects to our committed backlog totaling $4 billion. Of as Doug said this doubles our backlog to $8 billion. We're highly focused on executing to place these projects in service over the next few years on time and on budget, and in addition we continue to deliver consistent near term financial results. Underlying all of this is an ongoing increase in throughput across our pipelines despite the high gas prices in the first half that demonstrate the strength of our pipeline franchise.  On slide 19, I will summarize our financial results. Our EBIT for the first six months is a little changed from '07. It is down 1%, and up 2% before the minority interest attributable to the MLP. For the quarter EBIT was down 5% before minority interests. We have seen increased revenues from expansions placed in service, higher throughput and capacity sales offset by increased O&M reflecting higher labor costs and additional maintenance on SNG and TGP. While higher these costs are consistent with our 2008 plan and we're on-track to achieve our EBIT target for the year. Our EBITDA performance has tracked EBIT. Our capital expenditures are slightly higher than 2007, and are on plan.  On slide 20 throughput continues to increase very nicely. This 6% increase year-to-date versus '07 is on top of annual increases of 6% to 7% in each of 2006 and 2007. To put these increases in perspective, our throughput growth has approximately doubled the rate of total U.S. gas demand over the last three years. So, our throughput results highlight again our pipes are in the most attractive markets and supply basins in the country.  This year more of our increase is supply driven than demand driven. I think you're aware that all of the independent sub-volumes from the deepwater Gulf come into TGP, increasing Rockies production continues to benefit CIG, WIC and Cheyenne Plains, and Rockies production is increasing faster than expected.  On the demand side we don't see signs of demand destruction despite the higher gas prices in the first half. The power generation sector continues to show clear increases in gas usage year-to-year. We hear from some of our LDC customers that usage per household has decreased but this is offset by modest increases in the industrial sector. Steel plants and fertilizer plants in particular served by our pipes shows strong demand. In total, very healthy picture on throughput.  On slide 21, slide 21 updates and breaks down our $8 billion committed backlog. We think this backlog is the best in the business. All of these backlog projects are support by long-term contracts with customers, and we in turn have committed to go forward with these projects. To put the $8 billion in perspective, our rate base of the pipeline group's existing pipelines is in the order of magnitude of $10 billion. The backlog provides us with substantial well known long-term growth.  While we're just starting into our annual planning cycle, we expect the 6% to 8% long-term EBIT growth guidance that we gave at the beginning of the year will now increase to double-digit growth guidance admittedly somewhat back-end weighted because most of the large projects in the backlog do not go in service until late 2010 or 2011.  Since the end of the first quarter we put in service on time and on budget, two projects, SNG, Cypress Phase II expansion to transport more gas to Florida and Cheyenne Plains expansion for Karl. So both of those projects have been removed from the backlog and are now earning revenue.  Over the remainder of 2008 we'll place in service four others shown on this slide including our CIG high plains expansion to serve Denver that is our pipeline, our major pipeline construction project for this year. I will talk about two large additions to the backlog, Ruby and TGP's line 300 on the next slides, but we also added two somewhat smaller projects this quarter, CIG's Raton 2010 expansion and a WIC expansion. Both of these Rockies projects help support Ruby by providing producers an upstream capacity path to Ruby at the Opal hub in Wyoming.  While on this slide let us me pick up on Doug's comments about the cost environment, its challenges and how we're managing it. Steel costs for pipe making have doubled since the beginning of the year. And the cost of large diameter pipe has increased approximately 60%. For the most part we've minimized the impact of these increases by locking in our pipe costs at or near the time we committed to go forward with our customers under long-term transportation contracts.  Having said that, since our New York analyst conference in April our expected total capital cost for the projects that were in the backlog at that time has increased by approximately 8%. This increase is due somewhat to higher than expected pipe costs but also increases in scope requested by customers. So, while costs have increased, our project returns have not materially changed due to risk mitigation plans we put in place with customers and better marketing results in general. We said at the analyst conference we expect the ratio of CapEx to run rate EBITDA for our backlog to be approximately seven times, and that is still the case today, and on a substantially larger backlog.  On slide 22 a Ruby update. We committed to customers in June to go forward with Ruby after obtaining binding long-term commitments with ten shippers for approximately 1.1 Bcf a day out of a total pipeline capacity of 1.3 to 1.5. At that time we also ordered on substantially a fixed price basis all of the pipe for the project, over $900 million of pipe. Some of it will be rolled in India, some in the U.S. We also executed incentive based contracts for the installation with three pipeline construction companies. We have been working with these contractors for the prior six to nine months on the routing and project planning. We have also been doing extensive stakeholder outreach with land owners and permitting agencies and we plan to make Ruby a green pipeline, one that will have nearly a neutral carbon footprint.  So we're very excited about Ruby. It is great for the Rockies producers, great for the western markets and obviously an important project for us. We formally started the FERC pre-filing process in January, and we'll file our FERC application in early 2009. We continue to work closely with the three contractors on construction planning which is very important on a project this size. For example, it will take 5, 800 rail car to transport all of the pipe to the job site. Construction will not commence until 2010 when we expect to have the FERC certificate. On the marketing front we have solid prospects for the remaining capacity.  On slide 23, yesterday as Doug said we announced the addition of TG P's line 300 expansion to our committed backlog. Line 300 runs across northern Pennsylvania to serve markets in the Metro and New York City area. We'll expand it by 300 a day at a cost of approximately $750 million. A subsidiary of Equitable resources is contracted for all of the expansion capacity. Equitable as you know is a major Appalachian producer, and this capacity will allow Equitable to move its production further downstream. Because of line 300's existing route through the Marcellus Plain in northeastern, Pennsylvania, this expansion also sets us up to do a follow on expansion for Marcellus producer as that plain further develops.  As with Ruby we locked in our pipe costs in this case with a Turkish mill at the same time we finalized agreement with Equitable.  On slide 24 in summary the pipeline group is at full throttle. We've never had a growth backlog like this, and our complete attention is on executing on it over the next few years, and we're on-track to achieve our 2008 earnings targets.  Now I will turn it over to Brent to discuss E&P. 
Brent Smolik : Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. I will begin on slide 26. We had a good second quarter, and I am going to review our normal quarterly statistics, but much of what I am going to talk about is the progress we made on the drilling front. We've had a lot of recent success that does a couple things for us. We continue to build on our 2.8 Tcf of non-improved inventory which in turn will enable us to deliver on our long-term volume growth objectives.  As Mark noted, our second quarter EBIT was up sharply from a year ago, and after adjusting for the people's acquisition in our asset divestitures production was up 3% from the second quarter of '07 and 4% from the first quarter of this year. Prices were strong and our realized natural gas price rose to 9.53 from 7.67 and oil prices for the quarter were 90.64 per barrel versus 56.87 a year ago.  As a result of our completing our portfolio upgrading our lifting cost are down nicely. As Doug mentioned, due to success we're having in our drilling programs we're committing to an additional 200 million of capital in 2008. Also recall that our non-improved inventory didn't include resources four the Haynesville Shale in the ArkLaTex, the Niobrara Shale in the Raton Basin or for additional down spacing in the Cotton valley in the ArkLaTex.  We're progressing on all of these opportunities and I will give you updates for each of these and other area this is morning. I will also give you a full update on two development programs in Brazil and as Doug said Bia is moving very quickly, and we expect to add 35 to 50 million per day from that project in the first quarter of 2009.  Turning to slide 27, our second quarter and six-month EBIT was up 29% and 32% from a year ago, but there is some noise in the numbers. Within the MP segment, we had $75 million and $110 million of mark-to-market losses for the hedges during the quarter and first six months of 2008 compared to losses of just $5 million and $2 million during the same periods in '07. When you factor that in, our improvement in the underlying operations was up almost 60% for both periods. During the quarter in six months EBITDA of the strong at $501 million and $955 million, respectively, and both of those numbers include those mark-to-market losses. The adjusted EBITDA numbers shown on the slide reflected our interest in Four Star in this case. Our capital program was on track at $443 million during the quarter, and we're at $745 million including acquisitions during the first half of 2008. We did complete a small but important acquisition during the quarter that increased our interest in the Altamont-Bluebell Oil Field. Because of the relatively high oil prices, we've been looking at opportunities for in-fill drilling there and I will give you an update on our plans in a few minutes. Turning now to the pyramid slide on Page 28, to review the drilling results for the quarter. This is almost a carbon copy of what we showed you in the first quarter. I think the chart makes the point clear that the bulk of our domestic program is very low-risk drilling, so our success rate should always be in the high 90s. In the high risk category year-to-date were 10 for 16. That's our highest risk exploration wells with four dry holes in the quarter. As Doug said, due to our overall success rate of the capital program and the relatively high commodity price, we're increasing domestic capital to $1.9 billion, about $40 million to $50 million of that total increase is going to offset domestic drilling cost inflation and the remainder of additional will bring additional about 40 to 50 wells across the portfolio. This will also allow to us extend our rig levels and all the programs through the year, including the new programs like the Haynesville Shale. Turning to Page 29, another bright spot for the quarter is that our controllable unit costs were down about 7% from a year ago, and below the full-year average for 2007. When we completed our divestures in the first quarter of this year, we removed the properties with high lifting costs, which is evident by the $0.79 lifting costs that we had for the quarter. G&A is also down a bit. Production taxes are up substantially, but they're directly tied to the price of oil and natural gas, and we more than make up for that increase in the revenue line. Overall, our EBITDA margins improved to $7.23 per M from $5.91 a year ago, so we continue to improve the profitability on a unit of production basis for the MP Company. Given our 2008 divestitures in the Peoples acquisitions, we provided an apples-to-apples comparison of the production picture for the Company on Slide 30. On the right side of the chart, we show the reported volumes for the second quarter of 2007 and for the first and second quarters of 2008. On the left side of the chart is shows the pro forma numbers that include the Peoples production and removes the volumes from the properties that were divested from all periods. On a pro forma basis our production was up 4% from the first quarter. Most of that growth came from the Texas Gulf Coast, which itself was up about 10% from the first quarter and then all the other divisions were flat to up versus the first quarter the year. We achieved that growth despite a sluggish start that Doug referred to on the integration of our Peoples assets, where frankly, we struggled with some of the activity levels post closing. We're back on track now and ramped up production volumes in the quarter, and we expect to continue to increase volume from the Peoples assets through the remainder of the year, and I will provide more details on the acquisition in a moment. The central long-shore division is essentially flat Q1 to Q2, but a little behind our expectations for the quarter. Activity levels are up there now, though, and you will see a nice improvement in the third quarter. The western on-shore division was up from the first quarter and from a year ago that's largely driven by our drilling and recompletion results from the Altamont Field in Utah and the Gulf of Mexico was up slightly from the first quarter and has been performing well this year. Remember back in April, we indicated we would like to keep the Gulf in $100 million to $140 million a day range for the year. In terms of outlook, we now expect to average approximately $860 million a day for the year which is at the low end of our full-year guidance. We still have over half of our capital program to go, and we still need to get through the rest of the storm and the hurricane season. However, our activities are up in all domestic divisions and we have good visibility to achieve an exit rate of near $900 million a day. Achieving the $860 million a day annual average would result in 8% growth over the 2007 pro forma leverages. Turning now to slide 31. I wanted to specifically review the Peoples acquisition, which we closed at the end of the third-quarter last year. Remember, we had several reasons for buying the assets. First, they fit hand-in-glove with our ArkLaTex and TGC assets. So we cored up in both of those areas. Second, it provided us with roughly a year's worth of drilling inventory and the properties have a lot of additional resource potential because as we said. They are located in prolific gas basins with stack pays, and I will give you a couple of examples of that. We still like the assets and still like our rationale for doing the deal. The green bars on the chart show our quarterly production results and the estimates for our Peoples assets. Bottom line, we're essentially two quarters or $30 million a day behind where we wanted to be closing in each period. The slower ramp up was caused primarily by a couple of factors. The biggest single driver was lower activity levels than we forecasted early on, and as the graph indicates with the yellow line our average rig activity was fairly constant from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. But we ramped it up since then. Our plan was to ramp up immediately post closing in the fourth quarter but our attrition rates for personnel were higher than we hoped early on and prevented us from hitting the activity targets. I am happy to say the challenges are behind us now and we're back to seven to eight rigs today and increasing to ten by year end on the Peoples assets. We've taken some key learning’s from this, which are now incorporated into our acquisition processes, so we can do a better job of forecasting additional activity levels in our future acquisitions. The second factor that contributed to the slower ramp up was the results of the drilling activity identified during that period between the announcement of it as a transaction and a closing, which weren't as successful as we had open hoped. As we remediated both challenges, we're now seeing the appropriate response. We started the year at about $70 million a day net, and we expect to exit the year at around $120 million a day for these properties. Also on the positive side of the ledger, we're already beginning to capture some additional upside, and the ArkLaTex region the acquisition included about 10,000 net acres in the heart of the Haynesville Shale play, which will play an important role in growing our non-proved inventory levels. And in south Texas, we extended a trend in the Vicksburg that added more value than we expected at the time of the acquisition. We've already drilled six wells in the trend and added over $40 million a day net since February and we believe the area still has some more running room. While I am not satisfied with the start-up issues post acquisition, I am still very pleased with the acquisition overall. Given the growth in inventory from the assets and the value of this asset package has grown significantly from the $890 million cost of the deal. Let's shift gears now to some of the operational updates, and I will begin with the ArkLaTex on Slide 32. After the Peoples acquisition this became our largest producing area at roughly $160 million a day and on our April Analyst Meeting, we showed you that we have about half a Tcf of risked resource potential in the area, and that number is growing. This is one of our most active drilling areas. We're running eight to nine rigs there, versus the five to six that we ran most of last year and we expect to get to nine to ten rigs by the end of this year. Three of those rigs are capable of drilling Cotton Valley horizontals or Haynesville horizontal wells, and we drilled our first Cotton Valley well -- horizontal well in the [Leg Murdoff] field in Panola County in Texas. It came in at about $7 million a day, had a 30 day average rate of $4.4 million a day and appears to be one of the top-10 producers in the horizontal Cotton Valley trend. On average, we expect about 25% to 30% improvement in F&D for the Cotton Valley horizontals versus our traditional vertical completions. We currently have identified about 30 more locations. And additionally, it maybe possible to apply the horizontal approach more broadly to our remaining inventory of vertical Cotton Valley wells. You'll recall that we recently updated our position in the play for the Haynesville to 42,000 net acres and we're currently completing our first Haynesville well. Let's turn to the next slide on Slide 33. As you know, this play gained a lot of attention in the last few months, and there is no question that there is a lot of gas in place in the shale. The question is it producing rates and the ultimate recoveries per well. Our first test we drilled the Miller land Company, the 10 H number one well in the Bethany Longstreet field and DeSoto Parish in Louisiana. We cored about 75 feet of the Haynesville. We drilled to a vertical depth of about 10,600 feet. We backed up and then drilled 3,100-foot horizontal section, and we're currently completing the well and just finished frac in six stages on the well and within the next few days we'll be flow testing it and then we planned to drill two or three more Haynesville wells this year. If the play works as we hope, we can ultimately drill more than 400 wells based on 80-acre spacing assumption, which means significant resources that are not anywhere reflected in the inventory we quantified for you back in April. They aren't reflected in the 2.8 Tcf of proved reserves or if the 2.8 Tcf of non-proved reserves. Let's turn to the Raton now on Slide 34. This is our largest gas manufacturing area today with over 900 producing wells. Additionally, we have two studies under way not in our discussion in April. We've done a lot of analysis, and we think it is time to begin in-field drilling. We filed for application with the state of New Mexico, and we're hopeful we'll receive an in-field order soon, and we'll be able to begin drilling some of the 80-acre in-field wells as part of our 2009 program. The amount of future potential is significant, and we could drill another 500 or so wells that have more than 250 billion cubic feet of net resource potential. Back in April, we talked a bit about the Niobrara Shale. The shale has been tested in the northern part of the basin and there is clearly a large resource potential in the shale here. We've now drilled three test wells spread across the ranch, two horizontals and one vertical. All three have been completed and all are producing gas into sales. While it is not as prolific as the Haynesville, the Niobrara costs per well are much lower at about $2 million to $3 million per well. And remember, we own about 600,000 acres of minerals here. We believe that about half or more than 300,000 acres are perspective for the Niobrara. Our plans to produce for awhile and incorporate more activity into the 2009 program. Slide 35 shows that the Niobrara Shale is between about 3,000 to 5,000 feet, which is roughly 2,000 to 3,000 deeper than the typical CBM program. We have drilled two horizontal wells with lateral lengths between 3,000 and 4,000 feet. These were very successful mechanically and production rates with initial post-frac flow rates of more than $1 million a day. The vertical well was drilled to a depth about 6500 feet through the Niobrara Shales. The well was fracked and IPed about 400 MCF a day. Although, economic, we currently believe most of them will be drilled and completed horizontally to take advantage of the extensive natural fracture system in the shales. We estimate that the two horizontal wells will likely average between a half and a million a day, once we get a full month of production behind us. While it is still early and still learning, we're very pleased with the initial results of the pilot program. I would like to now turn to the Utah Oil Project. The Altamont Bluebell Field on Page 36. Given the higher oil price environment, we have been looking at the potential for in0field drilling here. As a reminder, it is a big oil field. Back in April, we discussed that the field contains more than three billion barrels of oil in place and has only producted about 10% or about 300 million barrels to day. We increased our position here in Q2 with the $43 million bolt-on acquisition that brought us to essentially 100% working interest in many of our producing wells and bought the remaining interest in our gas plant there. The field is currently developed on 328 acre spacing and in some cases has only one well per section producing. We have been studying infield potential in the field and we will apply with the state of Utah this Fall to go from 320 acres to 160 acres spacing and that translates to more than more than 175 additional locations and more than 30 million-barrels of net resource potential. We'll keep you posted on the in-field hearing process and progress and we'll give you more information as we announce our 2009 drilling program. But this is an exciting development for us, that can add inventory and add more oil through our production mix. Turning to international, Slide 37 begins update on Brazil. It is good news story. The Bia Project, now named Camarupim, is moving much more rapidly toward first production than we discussed back in April. Doug and I were in Brazil a few weeks ago, and we are pleased to do hear the progress made and the emphasis placed on this project by Petrobras. There is clearly a natural push for development of more indigenous gas. We have continued to advance the negotiation of the commercial terms and while we’re not completely finished there is a couple of important milestones to report. Our working interest in the unitized field will be approximately 24%. Remember that this is the first unitization that has been completed in Brazil since the opening. We have negotiated a gas price for the project that’s indexed to a basket of imported fuel oils, or international fuel oils. Although, we can’t disclose the exact price, but based on world oil prices, it could be two to three times what we historically received for gas in Brazil. And the best news is that Petrobras now expects first production to be in the first quarter of 2009. And when all four wells are online, we expect our net production to be in the 35 to 50 million day range, which will be a meaningful contribution to our long-term volume growth objectives. Slide 38 depicts the Bia development concept. We’ll drill four subsea horizontal development wells that will tie back to FPSO. The first of the wells on the Petrobras block BES 100 has been drilled and completed, and waiting to be tied in. The FPSO has excess capacity that can accommodate, help us fast track any successes that we have with follow-on exploration. And remember that we would with Petrobras, we now plan to drill two additional exploration prospects on this block this year. The FPSO has been selected and it is going to be in country this fall. From the FPSO, the gas will be transported via 12-inch and 24-inch pipeline that takes to processing at Cacimbas. The installation of the 12-inch line is complete, and the installation of the 24-inch line is well under way. So, as we finalize the commercial terms, we’ll file the unitization agreement in the field development plan for approval by the regulatory authority, which is ANP, and we hope to have approval before the end of this year. Slide 39 provides an updated on our Pinaúna project still in Brazil. Back in April, we were still formulating a development plan that made the best economic use of the gas that we found in Açai well, and we’re still updating the project cost estimates. We since decide to do use the gas as fuel on the platforms and the FSO, and like most big projects around the world, we’ve seen escalation on the project cost. Some of that’s been driven by scope changes. For example, adding the Açai satellite wellhead platform and most related to general industry inflation. As we expect now the expanded project cost to range from $700 million to $750 million, which now includes also approximately $100 million for our facility in FSO leases accounted for as capital leases. Fortunately, we’ve seen greater increases on the revenue side of the equation, so we’re happy with the way the project is shaping up. Assuming a $70 oil price, the project generates very solid returns. And at current oil prices the returns are quite good, north of 30%, again depending on global oil prices. The next slide shows our development concept with the wellhead platform in the FSO. The new item is in the bottom center. That’s the additional bottom left maybe. That’s the additional wellhead platform for the Açai gas producer. As we said previously, we decided to do take through mid-year of this year to decide whether to take a partner on Pinaúna, and while we’re exploring those opportunities two things happened. First, we completed our exploratory drilling. One well discovered gas, which was unexpected, but we’re now going to use that for fuel gas. And more importantly, the oil prices improved significantly. And the combination of those factors meant that our expectations for value went up, and we decided now not to take a partner at Pinaúna. And that’s not to say that we won’t come to a different conclusion down the road, but we intend to move forward with Pinaúna as 100% El Paso development project. Our current expectation is we’ll have first oil in late 2009 and production should peak between 15,000 and 20,000 barrels a day and expect to receive an oil prices somewhere around WTI minus $4. On the cost side, we signed an LOI or letter of intent with the FSO provider and we’re finalizing the contracts now, which will lock down a major critical path item of for us and lock down a major cost driver for the project. The next major project milestone is the environmental permit for the project, which is clearly the critical path item in the first production. We are actively engaged with the IBAMA, which is the regulatory body in Brazil charged with issuing the permit. And in fact, Doug and I met with the new IBAMA leadership in Brazil a couple weeks ago and left encouraged this important project for us and Brazil is on track. Now turning to the my last chart on Page 41. I know I’ve covered a lot of material but we made a lot of progress recently. Our capital project inventory is growing in both our legacy and our Peoples acquisition properties, in the Haynesville and Niobrara Shales, in the Raton CBM, and in the Altamont in-field projects. And although I didn’t cover it today, we have continued to evaluate and grow the exploratory potential of our international assets and we still expect to drill our first Egypt well in the fourth quarter of this year. We are actively updating our inventory with all the learnings from the 2008 program, but expect to significantly increase our end of year non-proved balance of 2.8 TCF. And as we’ve had success in the 2008 capital drilling program, we are putting additional $200 million of capital worth, and while it won’t make much impact on our 2008 full year production, it will help our exit rate and get us off to a great start activity wise and production wise for 2009. So, in summary we made a lot of progress since our April Analyst Meeting, all of which supports our long-term growth targets through 2010. With that, I will turn it back to Doug for closing.
Doug Foshee:   Thanks, Brent. We’ve run a little long this morning. So let me wrap up quickly. We expect earnings and cash flow to be up significantly this year over last year and up significantly over our original guidance for this year. We have now secured commitments for $8 billion in growth capital over the next several years on the pipes that will add $1.2 billion in EBITDA when completed, giving us a new long-term growth rate in the pipes of 10% plus. Progress in the Haynesville, the Niobrara, Cotton Valley Horizontals, Altamont, Raton CBM mean we expect risks resources to go up significantly this year and ultimately that translates into proved reserves. This combined with the acceleration at Bia or Camarupim as it’s now called, sets up a very exciting 2009. Adding 35 million to 50 million cubic feet a day net from Camarupim to an exit rate of around 900 million a day means we should be off to a great start in 2009 versus our expected 860 a day average for ‘08, with lots of gas price protection in place from average floors in the $9 range. We are very excited as we head into the last half of the year and dive into the planning process for 2009. And with that, we are happy to open it up to your questions this morning.
Operator:   (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Shneur Gershuni with UBS.
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Doug Foshee: Good morning, Shneur.
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: Just a couple of quick questions here. Just starting with the pine line. You had a big jump in operating expenses this is quarter. You mentioned some of it’s due to personnel and so forth. But is some of those costs controllable, some sort, and this is not all, but is a new trend, but only some of it is new trend, or should we be thinking that we’re in a new higher OpEx paradigm?
Mark Leland:   Yes, let me handle that one. The costs -- I think you will see in the Q a good layout of this, but costs are up for the first half by about $30 million. And you can roughly break that into two lumps. One are labor-related costs and one is the level of maintenance activity. Labor costs, I think we’ve done a lot of increasing of our staffs in engineering and supply chain management. Also, the result of acquisition of the Bluewater System. And so a lot of it is related to preparing for the growth mode that we’re in. Also, some of the labor is related to demographics, and getting ready for people retiring in the field in particular. So, that -- and a lot of that I think is now behind us. We may have a little bit more, but we have moved to a little bit higher plateau, if you will, on the labor side. The other half; the maintenance activity. On balance, that was all planned for. There were a couple of unusual items, but maybe the activity level is a little bit higher than normal, but for the most part it is at a run rate level. So, I think on balance that was planned for, and we still expect to make our EBIT targets for the year.
Shneur Gershuni - UBS:   Okay. If I can just turn to the E&P program for a minute, and specifically with respect to Brazil. If I remember correctly, I think the all-in reserve potential is about 1.1 Tcfe. I think there is about 250 booked in kind of the possible category. I was wondering if this working interest of 24% kind of changes your view of those numbers, and if any potential for it given the acceleration of the project, if we can see some proved reserve potentially booked this year or would we still have to wait for next year for that kind of booking?
Brent Smolik: Yes, Shneur, this is Brent. No, it doesn’t change our range. We’re within a percent or two of where we thought we would be all along on the unitization. And so that’s about consistent – that’s consistent with what we thought all along. We do have the possibility of being able to book some reserves. It’s going to be a function of if we get the approval from the regulatory body ANP and depending on wells that we get drilled and test data that we have to be able to book the reserves. And I am talking about Bia Camarupim, specifically. It’s on that project that we have ability to – the potential to build the book some more. We have to get through a couple of milestones to be able to make that happen.
Shneur Gershuni - UBS:   Okay. And one final question, Doug, just sort of bigger picture. Given the increase in CapEx, given the fact you’re no longer pursuing a partner in Pinaúna and so forth, are you still going to be able to complete the share buyback programming? Obviously, the stock is below what the average price you bought it back and so forth. Is it on hold or it’s still being pursued at this point?
Doug Foshee:   No, it’s not on hold. We still have the authorization. Remember that we said all along, we weren’t going to spend it before we had it. So, gas prices have come down. And so that’s an issue, but it’s still part of the portfolio. We still have authorization from the board to use it, and we still and on our cash flow is still up, though, we’re no longer today looking at a twelve plus dollar strip for 2009.
Shneur Gershuni - UBS:   Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator:   Your next question comes from the line of Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital:   Good morning, everybody.
Doug Foshee : Good morning.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: A lot going on. Let me just ask a few quick questions if I could. Brent, on Brazil with respect to, I know you can’t give the details of the oil contract, but you mentioned it could be as much as two to three times historical gas price. My recollection was that the historical gas price in Brazil was in the 3 to 4 range. Is that correct, or am I off there?
Brent Smolik:   Typically more like 2 to 2.5, Carl. 
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: 2 to 2.5, okay. On Pinaúna then, as I understand what you’re going through, we will not see any gas to sales then in that development, that’s correct?
Brent Smolik:   The current concept doesn’t have any gas sales. The next likely hurdle would be that we bring in the other satellite fields south or north. We may incorporate gas production. Right now it is fuel gas. 
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital:   Okay. With respect to the $700 million to $750 million development of that now, how much – once you kind of lock in the FSO, you said that was kind of material component. How much of that $700 million to $750 million all in will be locked down and just make sure I am on an apples-to-apples. Is that number the same number that was relative to the 4 to 450 we were talking about twelve to eighteen months ago?
Brent Smolik:   It is relative to the comparable to the 4 to 450. The big difference is we didn’t have a couple of leases. We had them treated as expense before, and we moved them into the capital bucket. That’s about $100 million total. So, that would come off the 7 to 750 to make it apples-to-apples, and then we have added a couple things. We added the Açai platform and a gas well and gas flow lines. So, there is scope change in there that accounts for part of it, about $30 million. A little bit of increase in environmental scope, about $20 million, and the rest of it is just normal inflation.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital:   Okay. And all of that spending we should basically be seeing in 2009?
Brent Smolik:   No. In 2008 and 2009.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: 2008 or 2009. 
Brent Smolik: Yes. We’re spending today, so you will see it show up this year and next.. Yes.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital:   Okay. And then just last question on that with respect to the – you may have mentioned it, in order to get first gas or first oil on by the end of next year, the environmental approval is basically the key milestone. When is sort of the latest we need to see that by in order to keep the project on track?
Brent Smolik:   Yes. It is a series of approvals. The first one we would expect before year end of this year is called a terms of reference. That will be the next one you hear us talking about, and then there will be a series of licenses. Just like anywhere else in the world, all the way up to the last one is when we commission the facilities. So, the next one will be before year end, the terms of reference. 
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital:   Okay. And last question and I will get back in the queue. With respect to the Haynesville well that is completing now, can you tell us what a rough cost you guys are seeing for that?
Brent Smolik:   This one is going to be high because we put a fair amount of science into it. We drilled it vertically and cored it and then we plug touchdown back and drilled a horizontal well and then have done a fair amount of testing and completion design evaluation work on the horizontal itself. We [fracked] six times now, and we’ll be putting it in a production test soon. So, it will be on the higher end. It’s probably closer to 10 million than 6 to 7 that we hope is a run rate down the road.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital:   Okay. Thank you. 
Operator:   Your next question comes from the line of Sam Brothwell with Wachovia.
Sam Brothwell - Wachovia:   Good morning. Mark, just a couple of questions. First of all, the loss in power, obviously, with the gas run that we saw that shouldn’t have been unexpected. But going forward, you mentioned a couple things you see that might be able to mitigate that situation, and is it still just not worth trying to exit that position?
Mark Leland:   Right. It’s just very illiquid market, and to exit that position couple of options, you could hedge it, but that market is really there hasn’t been any real live counterparties to hedge. We’re starting to see a little more activity in the market and may have an opportunity going forward. The other opportunity is just write a check and get out of it. And really when we’re seeing just a monthly or quarterly run rate of fairly low cash out versus writing a big 200 plus million dollars check to get out of that position, we felt that it’s better to just wait and write it out. The actual cash settlements have never been as bad as the marks would imply near term. So, we’re looking at and we’ll be opportunistic going forward, if the basis comes in particularly.
Doug Foshee:   Yes, Sam, I will tell you how I look at the PJM that we have. We are as a company very net-long, natural gas. And so, if you really believed in the mark that we took this last quarter on that PJM, you’d probably have to add well over $5 billion to the PV of our proved reserve base. And so, given that we are net long and this is an obligation that goes through 2016, our view is there is going to be a point between now and 2016, where the stars align and we think the value proposition is right to exit it. But we can be patient because in the worst quarter, it was $9 million cash in the quarter.
Sam Brothwell - Wachovia:   Very good point. And then Brent, with respect to Raton and your working with the state of New Mexico. Governor Richardson seems to have a simple answer to any drilling in that state, and it’s no. Do you anticipate him causing you any trouble there?
Brent Smolik:   We don’t think the Governor’s office will get involved in it. This is an area that’s already developed. We already had our hearing in front of the MOCD. It was unopposed by industry or any other interested parties. So, we think it’s just a matter of time. Hopefully, we’ll get our order. We don’t think this is an area that there draw a lot of attention.
Sam Brothwell - Wachovia: Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Operator:   The next question comes from the line of Faisel Khan with Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup:   Good morning.
Brent Smolik: Hi Faisel.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: How are you doing? I just wanted to make sure I understood on the two new pipeline projects that are set to move forward. With Ruby, if I could get a clarification, when would you see first construction on a that pipeline.
Doug Foshee:   Well, let’s say, we’ll file the FERC application in early ‘09 allowing a year for FERC process would be we’re planning to construct over the course of calendar year 2010. Planned service date is Spring of ‘011.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup:   Okay. So construction to start beginning of 2010?
Doug Foshee:   Early 2010. 
Faisel Khan - Citigroup:   Early 2010. Okay, and then the TGP line 300, same thing there. When would first construction start there as well?
Doug Foshee:   Very similar, early 2010 it will be a small piece put in service for the end of 2010 and then the bulk of it in ‘011.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup:   And the 300 million cubic feet a day underwrites the $750 million project, is that correct?
Doug Foshee:   Yes. 
Faisel Khan - Citigroup:   Okay. Got you. And then shift to the E&P side of the equation for a second, the Pinaúna project, the capital cost escalation, what was the previous cost on 100% working interest?
Doug Foshee:   The range was 400 to 450, Faisel. Now that compares to the 700 to 750. Like I pointed out, there is 100 million in there that we would have accounted for before as expense. So apples-to-apples, 400 to 450 looks more like 600 to 650.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup:   Okay, got you. The surprise gas show doesn’t change the CapEx?
Doug Foshee:   It did in a sense we now have a gas well, a wellhead platform to hold it up and flow lines to get it back to the facility. As you can see in that diagram we called it the Açai wellhead platform, and that’s going to add about $30 million to that, it’s in that total.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup:   Okay, understood. 
Doug Foshee:   The difference in lease is basically the difference in whether you account for the FSO as operating lease or capital lease. The costs before it was in operating expense, now is in capital.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: That's right. Can you remind us what else you have going on in Brazil in terms of future development opportunities or future targets that you may have identified?
Doug Foshee: We have three additional exploratory wells on our plans right now. They will be operated by Petrobras. Two of them will be in the same block, the Bia Camarupim project is in. One of those rigs is coming, as we speak --the rig for one of those, and then we have got additional wells -- additional well to be planned that's near the Pinauna project in the BM-CAL-5 block. Again, operated by Petrobras and it is currently drilling. And so, if the rig schedule holds up, we will get three more exploratory wells drilled. So, two development projects, Bia and Pinauna and then three more additional exploratory wells.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And when do you think you might have results from those three exploration wells, earlier next year or…?
Doug Foshee: They could be this year, depending on rig schedule. The one is drilling now could be this year. Remember that Petrobras has some influence over what we can say and when we can say it. But we should have three wells that are either down or near down by end of year.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: And are you targeting oil in those exploration wells or is it gas?
Doug Foshee:   In some cases not sure.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay.
Doug Foshee: And so you are not sure exactly where we are going to find, because we are far enough in the Pinauna example, the BM-CAL-5 example. We are far enough south where it could be either. The ones that are nearest to the Bia project and the ES5 block are likely to be gas.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay.
Doug Foshee:   And that would be good news because it would go right into the Bia -- we would build a fast track right into the Bia project into the FPSO.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And then maybe I missed this. On the Niobrara Shale, I saw the targeted depths there for the shale A, B and C, but I don't think I heard you talk about the Pierre Shale at all. Is that still an opportunity or is that something that still is being explored by you and other operators in the basin?
Doug Foshee:   I think it is still an opportunity. You have you to think about the entire shale section and the Pierre is near the top member is the way you can think about it. And then it is all Niobrara age, and we chose to put our horizontals in the Niobrara A and B Shale based on some of the things we saw in the out crop It looks like it is very highly fractured, so we started there for our horizontals.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Understood. Thank you.
Doug Foshee:   I think it will be a function of horizontal versus vertical and the full development. But it is so early to know right now.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Thanks for the time guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rebecca Followill with Tudor Pickering and Holt.
Rebecca Followill - Tudor Pickering Holt:   Good morning. Several questions for you on Brazil. What is the total capital that you guys plan to put in Brazil in '08, in '09?
Doug Foshee:   The '08 CapEx that we have talked publicly about is 300 to 350 million. And it is really a function of how much of that exploratory drilling gets completed, and how fast we choose to spend on Pinauna and how fast Petrobras is able to go the Bia Project. So right now, it looks like we will get the one well that is drilled and completed on Bia. Will definitely be in this years’ CapEx, and hopefully, one or two more. But that is why there is a bit of a range. So kind of 300 to 350 million this year. And then long term, we’ve talked about a capital run rate that is in that same neighborhood.
Rebecca Followill - Tudor Pickering Holt: So the 700 to 750 million of spending for Pinauna, that's spread over '08 through 2010 or what's that? Since it is 700 to 715 million, it just seems like a -- that seems low compared to what you are spending on Pinauna?
Doug Foshee:   Some actually would have been in 2007, especially environmental costs and the feed and front engineering design and those kinds of things. So seven, eight and nine, would be where we would spread that out.
Rebecca Followill - Tudor Pickering Holt: Okay. And given that you are going to spend a 100% at Pinauna and the opportunities now that you are seeing in Hayensville and some of these other area, does it change your longer-term view on CapEx spending? Also, with the pressure on costs in general and how do you finance it, or do you re-allocate capital?
Doug Foshee:   Yes. Well, first off, Rebecca, it is a high quality problem to have, one we have been dreaming about having for most of the last five years, but I think the real answer is, first off, we have a lot of lead time because remember that a lot of this CapEx gets spent over the next four years, particularly on the pipeline side. So we have an awful lot of leverage withhold. In addition, to internal generated cash flow, we have got an MLP out there, which we expect to grow overtime. We have lots of ability to flex back and forth in terms of the discretionary capital that we spend in E&P. We have the ability to take partners on almost any of the projects we have in the pipeline backlog if we choose to do that, and project finance alternatives. So it is a fun problem to have. We have got lots of lead time to get around it, and look forward to reporting that.
Rebecca Followill - Tudor Pickering Holt: Do you see the need for equity to help finance some of this?
Doug Foshee:   No.
Rebecca Followill - Tudor Pickering Holt:   Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark [Afracozaci] with Pemco.
Mark Afracozaci - Pemco:   Hi, there.
Doug Foshee:   Hi, Mark.
Mark Afracozaci - Pemco:   Could you just touch on the funding for this CapEx backlog now that it has grown to kind of where it is? And in the context of your solicitated goals of ultimately getting to investment grade at the holding company? And sort of how the financing is going to sort of play out here in the next few years?
Doug Foshee:   Yes. I think that was -- that he is really the bulk of the question I was trying to answer for Rebecca. I think what we said in the April meeting was two things. One is, we want to protect the investment grade rating of our pipelines, and we expect to do that. And, two, that while ultimately we want to get to investment grade rating at the holding company level, we recognize that we have got a unique opportunity here, especially with now an $8 million backlog of growth projects in the pipeline business that may keep us from getting there, until we get to the back end of that and that $1.2 billion of incremental EBITDA starts flowing in.
Mark Afracozaci - Pemco: Okay. And then in terms of debt and cash, just pending the 10-Q can you just give us details there?
Mark Leland:   Yes. We have about $12.5 billion of debt. We have about $150 million of cash. We have got about a billion six in liquidity as of the end of the quarter.
Mark Afracozaci - Pemco: Okay. And then with Ruby you mentioned the overall blended kind of EBITDA multiple you see on your CapEx backlog, about 7 X, but on Ruby, in particular, can you touch on where that would be vis-a-vis the seven blended average and sort of why it wouldn't be more like 9x?
Mark Leland:   It is about 7X.  
Mark Afracozaci - Pemco: What kind of dispersion do you see around that, sort of if you were to think of difference scenarios? What would be the 9x, for example?
Mark Leland:   Very unlikely. I think we are on the revenue side we have essentially we are probably about 80% to 90% contracted at known pricing. So the only way that you get there would be substantial cost increases. We have locked in steel and pipe, which represents about a third of the total capital. We have very good solid incentive based contracts with our contractors to perform. So that would be the way to get there, but we don't see it.
Mark Afracozaci - Pemco: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just in terms of stock buybacks, given your view of your stock and then pretty much the whole street in terms of some of the parts, you seem to lead to potential interest in larger scale stock buyback. Can you talk about that, how you sort of balance that against all your CapEx needs and then the longer term goal you mentioned of eventually getting to investment grade
Doug Foshee:   Well, we have -- as I mentioned earlier we spent about $30 million of a $300 million board authorization for share buybacks. So we still have $270 million left in our tool kit. And we continue to weigh the alternative of that against incremental spending for growth capital balancing there what our actual cash flow is in this commodity price environment. So what we kind of said at the beginning of that -- of the board authorization for the buyback was we are very excited about it. We saw value in it for our shareholders, but we weren't going to spend that money before we had it, and I think we have been pretty consistent about that.
Mark Afracozaci - Pemco:  Thanks a lot. Appreciate your time.
Doug Foshee:   Thank you.
Operator:   Your next question comes from the line of Rick Gross with Lehman Brothers.
Rick Gross - Lehman Brothers:   Good morning.
Doug Foshee:   Hi, Rick.
Rick Gross - Lehman Brothers: On Brazil you gave us some fun facts about receiving oil prices for the gas and related things, but I guess the punch line would be are the margins that you expect in Brazil going to be reasonably close to the US?
Doug Foshee:   The margins, they are going to be lower, if you think about, it in terms of US getting $8., $9 average, but the economics are -- the returns if you go all the way to returns are going to be quite solid on the project.
Rick Gross - Lehman Brothers: I understand the returns are going to be good. I guess just from an incremental each MCFs if you add, are they going to be half as valuable, three quarters is valuable?
Doug Foshee:   It is kind of tough to give you that information today since we can't give you the exact gas price mechanism because we're still in negotiations, but it won't be long. Well we are finalizing that stuff now, and I think you should have some confidence in that given that we are now projecting Petrobras is projecting first gas, first quarter of next year. That projected first gas, first quarter of next year. The other thing I would add to that, Rick, in this world where gas is a bit decoupled from oil, as we look out, I mean, there are worlds you can envision where this would be very comparable. If we have relatively higher global oil prices and low US gas prices for periods they could be very comparable in terms of the EBITDA margin.
Rick Gross - Lehman Brothers:   Right. Okay. In the Cotton Valley, a couple of questions. Out west in Raton that you applied for in-fill, how close are you to applying for in-fill in your Cotton Valley properties out east?
Doug Foshee:   Not as close. We are still looking at what's the right best places to do it, and do we want to do it horizontally and increase recoveries that way or do we want to drill more vertical wells. So in sequence, I would say Raton, CBM in-fields the farthest already had the hearing. Altamont infield is next because we have the hearing this Fall. Any then any Cotton Valley in-field potential would follow on next year,
Rick Gross - Lehman Brothers:   The Cotton Valley horizontal is that basically the deepest member of the Cotton Valley that you are going to horizontally drill into?
Doug Foshee:   It works best that way, Rick. If you have a thick basal member then you can drill a horizontal well into the thick basal member and still retain re-completion possibilities in the rest. If you have the upper most, if you have the opposite of that and the uppermost member is the thickest, and you put the horizontal there, then you essentially abandon at least for that the drilling location in the deeper section. That's where we are starting. That is why we have got the first 30 identified. They are clearly the best in inventory and then we will use that screen and those results to look at the rest of the inventory.
Rick Gross - Lehman Brothers: Okay. That was going to be my follow-up. It is going to be an either or. It is either going to be vertical development or horizontal development, not a little of each?
Doug Foshee: I don't think within a field. I think within a field or within an area geographically, I think there is going to be a better -- a more efficient way to get at it, and we'll try to be smart about which is the most efficient way to develop each area.
Rick Gross - Lehman Brothers:  Okay. And then in the Pierre, it looks like the productivity of at least the two horizontal wells, they were different members it looked like, but it appeared that lateral length was important, the productivity. Is this something that you are still going to fiddle with lateral length or you are going to fiddle with completion techniques or you kind of validate it where you want to go here?
Doug Foshee:   I wouldn't say validate with two wells and a few weeks of production, but it is going to --you're right, the horizontal length is going to matter, and there will be an optimum length probably limited by more of the surface constraints and the use of existing pads and how efficiently we develop it. So more about geography -- geometry rather, of how it all fits together. So there will be an optimal link. There is also mechanical limit. This is not the easiest thing to drill. It is shallow. It is low pressure, and so we will probably wind up finding a mechanical limit that's kind of tied with the optimization of the producing rates. The best news of it is, we got over a million a day rates out of these wells, and that was quite an unknown going in if we could, A, mechanically get them drilled and completed and fracked and then B, what kind of rates we get out of them.
Rick Gross - Lehman Brothers:   Okay. And then one final question, a pipeline question. You showed your little TTP map, it ran from Kentucky all the way up through the northern section of the Marcelas, but you are little lateral there in the southwest Pennsylvania, actually gets closer to what's the heart of the play right now. And your buddy in Kentucky, Equitable is actually beginning to think about building a gathering system up in southwest Pennsylvania. Is there something missed in the slide there or is it just not an area that you think you are going to be competitive in?
Mark Leland:   What you say could be a possibility, but it is not a big factor in this project. There is clearly an opportunity there, but I think that's all it is.
Rick Gross - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thank you.
Operator:   Your next question comes from the line of Nathan Judge with Atlantic Equities.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities:   Good morning.
Mark Leland:   Hi, Nathan.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: I wanted to follow up on CapEx, just a reconciliation. I know that increased from 3.36 to 3.9 billion, part of that was related to the Pinauna well, but there seems to be about $200 million of incremental spend, and I just wanted to clarify where that was going?
Mark Leland:   Yes Nathan, this is Mark Leland. It is really two places. It is incremental capital, about 200 million of incremental capital at the E&P company going from 1.7 to 1.9, and that's not necessarily Pinauna. It was some inflation and some increased activity towards the last half of the year in some of the newer plays.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Essentially all domestic?
Mark Leland:   Yes. All domestic. And then the other is Ruby, where we have had to increase capital to pre-fund some of the steel and pipe purchases.
Doug Foshee:   It wasn't in our original.
Mark Leland:   It wasn't in our original plan.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Right.
Doug Foshee:   Just to clarify, Nathan. E&P increased its domestic, that's largely that 40 to 50 million inflation and the rest of it is essentially keeping rigs and equipment active in the programs that are working, including like the Hayensville Shale, where we stepped up a little there. So we will keep the rig working through the end of the year. So it is all US related, some of that being inflation, 40 to 50 new wells of activity.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities:  Just a follow on the 8% higher CapEx comment, is that particularly going to be focused in next year as it sounds like most of the CapEx increase is not necessarily related to this year?
Mark Leland:   No. The 8% would really run out over a number of years because it applies to the what we had on the backlog of about $4 billion, and a lot of that is very little actually is in '09. So most of it is '01 and beyond.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: And also, I just wanted to follow up and get an update on your perception and appetite for dropping down more assets into an MLP given that EPV stock price is a bit lower than it was last quarter.
Mark Leland:   Yes, Nathan, this is Mark. I think that our perception and desire hasn't changed. We think there is still an arbitrage between the [sea] corp. where the assets trade at the sea corporate and where they trade in the MLP ultimately especially. We have seen often prices come down, the yields gone up to around 6%. We have a lot of flexibility in how dropdowns or finance in terms of El Paso. We like our pipelines whether they are in the form of hard assets or in the form of NLP units. So that gives us and we’ve said in the past that we've been willing to take units back, we may just take more back at lower rates, lower prices. So we are mindful of what the long-term strategic benefit, the MLP provides for us, and that would require certain level of growth in the MLP and we are committed to ensure that happens through organic and through other means.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Thank you very much.
Doug Foshee:   Let me just wrap up this morning. I want to thank everyone for their patience. I know we went a little long this morning, but we had an awful lot of information. A lot of it good information or positive information to give out, and we appreciate your attention.
Operator:   This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-19 10:00:00) =====
: El Paso Corp. (EP) Q1 2008 Earnings Call  May 8, 2008 10:00 am ET 
Executives: Bruce Connery - Investor Relations Douglas Foshee - President, Chief Executive Officer Mark Leland - Chief Financial Officer James Yardley – President Pipeline Group Brent Smolik - President El Paso Exploration and Production
Analysts: Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse Shneur Gershuni – UBS Rebecca Followill - Pickering Energy Partners Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO  Mark Caruso – Millennium 
Operator:  Good morning, my name is Hillary and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the El Paso Corporation first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator instructions) Thank you, Mr. Connery, you may begin your conference.
Bruce Connery:  Good morning and thank you for joining our call. In just a moment, I’ll turn the call over to Douglas Foshee, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Others with us this morning who will be participating in the call are Mark Leland, our CFO, Jim Yardley, who is President of our Pipeline Group and Brent Smolik, President of El Paso Exploration and Production Company.  Throughout this call we will be referring to slides that are available on our website, ElPaso.com. This morning we issued a press release and we filed it with the SEC as an 8-K and it is also on our website. During the call, we will include forward-looking statements and projections made in reliance on the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  The company has made every reasonable effort to ensure that the information and assumptions on which these statements and projections are based are current, reasonable and complete. However, a variety of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the statements and projections expressed in this call.  Those factors are identified under a cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements section of the earnings press release, as well as in other of our filings with the SEC and you should refer to them. The company assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements made during this conference call or any other forward-looking statements made by the company, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  Please note that during the call we will use non-GAAP numbers such as EBIT and EBITDA and we have included a reconciliation of all non-GAAP numbers in the appendix of our presentation. I’ll now turn the call over to Doug.
Douglas Foshee:  Thank you for joining us this morning. I also want to thank those of you who committed a half-day to our analyst’s meeting last month. What I hope you took away from that meeting is the environment for both of our businesses is terrific, gas prices are high and the need for new natural gas infrastructure continues at an unprecedented pace. We don’t see these drivers changing soon. Our pipelines have the best backlog of committed growth projects in the industry and are the best positioned to capture new growth opportunities. Our E&P business is dramatically improved, it’s more profitable with higher returns on higher growth rates. It’s also less volatile with much heavier weighting to the onshore regions and we have a much deeper and higher quality inventory of lower risk, repeatable projects in the non-proved reserve category. We’ve significantly limited our downside exposure in 2008 to natural gas prices while retaining much of the upside and as Mark will show you later, has already begun to replicate that for 2009. Now turning to the first quarter, we’re off to a great start for the year. Adjusted for onetime items, our $0.33 a share is almost double a year ago. Both the pipes and E&P delivered solid results, something you should expect to see for the rest of the year and our interest expense was down by almost 20% over a year ago due to the fact that we’re carrying about $3 billion less debt on our balance sheet than we were when we entered 2007. Q1 was also the first quarter for us to deliver free cash flow in two years. This is particularly meaningful now given the level of growth capital we’re committing to both business units. Mark will give you an update on our hedging for 2009 in a few minutes, but the hedging that we’ve done for 2008 has given us the opportunity to participate in most of the run up in natural gas prices. The guidance of $1.00 to $1.10 a share for earnings that we gave in January for 2008 assumed $7.50 gas and $70 oil. At an industry conference last month, I had a chart that showed that with $9.00 gas we’d earn $1.25 to $1.35 and with $10 gas for the year, we’d earn $1.44 to $1.54 a share.  So given where prices are now, we would earn another $300-$400 million before taxes and while the income statement with tax effect, those incremental earnings, remember that as a result of the NOL that we have, we’ll fully realize this incremental cash flow. So we’re quite bullish on our outlook for the balance of the year and now I’ll turn it over to Mark for a review of our financial results.
Mark Leland:  Thank you Doug and good morning everybody. I’m on slide 7. Doug mentioned the company performed well this quarter and it shows in our results. We’re reporting earnings this quarter of $219 million or $0.29 per diluted share. Consolidated EBIT was $600 million compared to $216 million last year. Last year’s quarter included a $201 million charge for debt repurchase costs. On a combined basis, EBIT for our two core businesses was up $80 million or 15% compared to the first quarter last year. Interest expense was $233 million, down from $283 million in the first quarter last year, reflecting the significant debt reduction we’ve experienced over the years. You’ll note that we accrued $19 million in preferred dividends this quarter which is double the normal amount as it includes our second quarter accrual. This also impacted common dividend accrual and is merely a timing issue and will true up in the next quarter. There are several legacy items impacting earnings this quarter which are highlighted on slide 8. The first is the $21 million pretax or $0.02 per share loss from a change in fair value of our production puts and calls in the marketing segment used to hedge E&P cash flows. The second item is a $41 million pretax or $0.04 per share loss on power contracts which I’ll discuss further in the marketing results slide. The third significant item impacting the quarter’s results is a $43 million or $0.04 per share mark to market loss on a legacy indemnification associated with the sale of an ammonia facility. Ammonia prices have skyrocketed in the last two quarters with increased natural gas prices and demand for fertilizer which has triggered mark to market losses on this indemnity. The fourth item is the $65 million or $0.04 per share gain associated with our Case Corporation retiree medical indemnification.  In March we received a summary judgment from a trial court on this indemnification dispute. As a result of the judgment against us, we adjusted our existing accrual which was based upon prior actual actuarial assumptions and re-classed the amount accrued as a post retirement benefit obligation which resulted in a reduction to O&M expense of our corporate segment. A portion of the accrual adjustment was not tax deductible which caused our overall effective tax rate to be a little higher than normal this quarter. The final item is an $18 million or $0.02 per share gain associated with the partial sale and restructuring of our ownership in Alpheus Communications. Adjusting for these items brings adjusted EPS as Doug mentioned to $0.33 per diluted share. Slide 9 highlights the business unit contribution. On a combined basis our core pipeline and E&P businesses generated $934 million of EBITDA and on an adjusted basis, EBITDA of $996 million. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated by including our 50% interest in Citrus and our 49% interest in Four Star. For those of you who calculated NAV using these numbers we have a reconciliation in the appendix. We also include the Citrus debt. Note that there’s not any debt on the Four Star interest. Marketing and trading recorded an EBITDA loss of $60 million which I’ll provide more detail on in a minute. Power EBITDA was a loss of $2 million and corporate EBITDA was $41 million of income. Now turning to cash flow, slide 10. Cash flow was strong this quarter. Cash flow before working capital changes was $716 million, up $275 million or 62% and cash flow from continuing operations was $634 million, almost double a year ago. Cap ex for the quarter was $531 million and we spent $295 million on the acquisition of a 50% interest in the Gulf LNG project. In total, cap ex and acquisitions were up $43 million from last year. So far this year we’ve received $598 million of cash proceeds from the sale of non-core E&P assets that closed during the quarter and we expect to close on the sale of the balance of the non-core E&P properties in the second quarter which will bring another $50 million or so. A key point to note here is that excluding asset sales and dispositions, we’re free cash flow positive for the quarter. Slide 9 details earnings for the marketing segment. We’ve segregated results to highlight the impact of derivatives used to hedge production cash flows which we view as more strategic positions and then other positions were are primarily related to our legacy trading book. For the quarter, as I mentioned earlier, we realized a loss, $21 million due to a change in fair value of the production related derivatives compared to last year’s loss of $87 million. The losses were primarily driven by mark to market losses on the 2008 oil collars of $6 million and 2009 gas collars of $15 million, both of which were put on to hedge the 2005 Medicine Bow acquisition. In the other category of marketing positions, the gas book was flat, we realized a $41 million loss in the power book. Of that loss, $6 million was costs associated with hedging the balance of the capacity exposure which I mentioned on our analyst day and $19 million was due to the PGN basis widening. $16 million was due to other or was really due to lower interest costs, or lower interest rates. In total, marketing segment loss realized a loss of $60 million versus a $135 million loss last year. So you can see from the financial results, our gas book is now relatively flat, power book is becoming more flat with the recent transaction we just completed in the quarter to hedge off the remaining capacity exposure in the PGN pool.  Therefore, other than changes in interest impacting the overall value of the book and the one remaining exposure we have to PGN basis, we’ve largely completed steps to mitigate against future volatility in our marketing book. Slide 12 summarized our 2008 hedge program for April forward. In short, the balance of our program for 2008 includes 153 TBTU at an average floor of $7.94 with an average ceiling of $10.24. The hedges are weighted April through October with November and December hedged at about 50% anticipated production.  On the oil side was have 2.6 million barrels hedged with an average floor and ceiling at just under $80. The oil positions are a combination of the old collars put on in 2005 to hedge Medicine Bow and just under 2 million barrels that we recently swapped at a little over $88 dollars per barrel. So the gas collars provide upside to $10.74 for MMBTU for the balance of the year and the un-hedged portion of our gas gives us plenty of upside exposure to the current commodity price environment. And as Doug mentioned at today’s prices, we would expect to generate an additional $300-$400 million of pretax earnings and cash flow compared to our plan which was at $7.50 gas and $70 oil. We’ve added to our 2009 hedge program which is highlighted on slide 13. 2009 hedges have an average floor of $8.27 on 76 TBTU at an average ceiling of $12.12 on 93 TBTU. Of the total 2009 gas hedges, 24 TBTU are collars for January through March production with floor prices of $9.00 and ceilings of $18.22. So we’ve added a nice floor while leaving significant upside in 2009 which is consistent with our overall hedging strategy we’ve discussed often before.  On the oil side, we recently completed swaps on 3.4 million barrels at an average price of just under $110 a barrel. The oil hedges for 2009 ensure about $105 million of incremental revenue versus 2008.  So, in summary first quarter financial performance is a good start to 2008 and we’re on track for our sixth consecutive year of improved profitability. Our balance sheet is in good shape, our hedge program provides upside to today’s prices and our 2009 hedge program gives us an excellent base for higher revenue in 2009. Next, Jim Yardley will put some more color on the pipeline results.
James Yardley:  Thanks Mark. The pipeline group is off to a fine start this year. On slide 15, our EBIT was up 5% from last year’s first quarter and were on plan for the year. Operationally we continue to see significant volume growth on our pipeline system. And we’re making progress in executing on nearly $4 billion of growth projects in our committed backlog.  We’ve not placed in service two projects already this year. Most recently on May 1 we completed on time and on budget our Cyprus phase two expansion that will increase capacity to Northern Florida by just over 100 MMCF per day in time for the summer cooling season. We’ll also complete four other growth projects later this year. During the quarter we also received FERC approval on both our High Plains pipeline and Totem storage projects in Colorado. High Plains is our largest construction project this year, 160 miles of 24 and 30 inch pipe and we kicked off construction in it in April. It will be complete by late November to serve winter loads. We also completed the acquisition of a 50% interest in the Gulf LNG re-gas terminal and put in place $870 million of non-recourse financing on that project and have now started construction.  Finally, as you know, we added the $2 billion FGT phase eight expansion to our backlog based on a 400 a day anchor load commitment from FP&L. Last week we placed another 200 a day of that expansion under long term contract, so this expansion is now already 75% subscribed and will go in service in 2011. So we have our heads down and are executing on our backlog. On the financials, slide 16, our 2008 first quarter EBIT of $381 million was up $17 million year to year and up $26 million before the minority interest attributable to El Paso pipeline partners. Most of this EBIT growth is due to higher revenues and most of that is from expansions across the country but also from higher revenues in our base business, especially on TGP and CIG. We also had some somewhat offsetting gains and impairments, including a positive bankruptcy settlement with Calpine and the write off of our Essex project that we mentioned at the April analyst meeting. You see that our EBITDA likewise is up from 2007’s first quarter. We’ve also shown the EBITDA adjusted as Mark mentioned for our 50% interest in Citrus. This adjusted EBITDA has not increased as much year to year, primarily due to the onetime gain in first quarter 2007 from the settlement of the gas supply contract dispute with Duke. Capital expenditures are essentially flat year to year and as Mark said, the $295 million acquisition is for the 50% interest in Gulf.  On slide 17, throughput continues to increase solidly across the country and for several reasons. On the demand side, increases were driven by power gen loads on TGP, a colder winter in the Southeast, it was actually more normal, and greater access to the Florida market via the new Cyprus pipeline. And we saw a minor decrease in the California. On the supply side, the independents hub volumes and production increases and expansions in the Rockies all contributed. Overall, throughput increase of 7%, so the underlying health of our pipelines continues very strong. On slide 18, finally, I want to give an update on our proposed Ruby pipeline. First, let me remind you that we have not committed yet to go forward with Ruby. It is not in our committed $4 billion backlog and we’ve assumed nothing for Ruby in our guidance of 6-8% long term EBIT growth. We have made substantial progress in its development and we’re optimistic but we’re also very focused on project returns. We’re convinced of the macro logic behind Ruby. Northern California and the Northwest today relies on Canadian imports for about 80% of that region’s total demand. And with imports from Canada declining, accessing Rockies production is a natural for supply diversity. And clearly Rockies producers will need additional export capacity. So we’ve always thought of Ruby as both a demand pull and supply push pipeline to the benefit of shippers at both ends of the pipe. We’ve made substantial marketing progress on Ruby. On the demand side, PGE is committed to more than 25% of the total likely capacity to the pipeline. Incidentally, PGE has clarified that its announcement Tuesday was that the PGE parent is withdrawing from participating in the equity ownership of Ruby, but PGE utility remains committed to its transportation contract on Ruby and is seeking PEC approval of the contract in California. We’re in front of the producing community now, have been in April and now May and are negotiating actively with several producers concerning commitments under remaining capacity. So we’re continuing to make progress on the marketing front. We’re also very conscious of the inflationary cost environment for steel, pipe and contractors and we’re in continual discussion with contractors and pipe suppliers around the world for Ruby as well as for other projects. Clearly, costs have increased since we started the Ruby marketing effort more than a year ago, and just in the last month or two, underlying steel costs have escalated yet again driven by sharp increases in raw material costs for iron ore, coking coal and steel scrap. So, we’re looking hard at the risk return proposition of Ruby. We’re considering especially how to manage the capital cost risk between suppliers, customers and ourselves. We want Ruby to happen and we think the California and Northwest customers and Rockies producers also have a vested interest in seeing it succeed, but we’ll go forward obviously only if we see an acceptable return on the project. In summary for the pipeline group, we’re off to a very good start for the year, financially and operationally. We’re focused on executing on the $4 billion of growth projects we have in hand and we have several other growth opportunities in front of us. And with that I’ll turn it over to Brent.
Brent Smolik:  Good morning everyone. I’ll begin on slide 20 this morning. We covered a lot of ground a few weeks ago at our analyst meeting so most of my comments today are going to be geared toward the first quarter. The most significant achievement of the quarter was successfully closing on our domestic asset sales. Remember our strategy is to add assets in areas where we can establish repeatable programs in areas with running room and the properties that we sold were the late life higher cost assets with limited future development opportunities. As you know, the assets we divested are essentially the same size for production reserves as the Peoples acquisition which came with significant new inventory adds in the Arklatex and the South Texas areas. Our first quarter volumes increased 8% over last year’s first quarter and this growth is really a combination of our 2007 acquisitions and organic growth from the capital program. On a same store basis which excludes the volumes that we divested in 2008 but includes a full year of the Peoples volumes, we grew volumes by about 4% and I’ll discuss production in more detail in a moment. And in 2007 we were a top tier performer in our direct lifting costs and I’m pleased to report that we continue to make progress in this area. On the cost front, we improved our per unit direct lifting costs, realizing about a 14% reduction versus the same period last year. So bottom line for the quarter, we’re off to a good start and we’re on track to meet our full year 2008 guidance.  Moving now to slide 21, the E&P segment reported about $242 million of EBIT for the quarter which is a 35% increase over our 2007 results and the increase was primarily due to higher production, higher commodity prices and our continued focus on our cost structure. Included in the Q1 08 results was a $35 million mark to market loss we incurred on our derivatives that are not designated for hedges versus about a $3 million mark to market gain that we had in Q1 2007.  So if we adjust for those results, we would have reported more than a 50% increase in EBIT. Our adjusted EBITDA of $486 million and that’s adjusted to include our proportionate share of our Four Star EBITDA was up almost 30% over Q1 of last year. And similarly if we adjust for the mark to market gains in losses, EBITDA would be up about 40% over Q1 of last year. Cap ex for the quarter, excluding acquisitions was about $302 million which is about $50 million lower than we were prior year and we plan to grow quarterly cap ex spend for the rest of this year as we increased our activity levels and we feel the impacts of some of the higher steel and higher energy prices on our own cap ex programs. In the first quarter of last year we spent $254 million for our South Texas acquisition and our Gulf Coast team has since doubled the production from those properties from about 20 million a day in January of last year to around 40 million a day today. And as Mark said, we received almost $600 million in net proceeds from the portion of our domestic asset sales that we closed in the first quarter.  And we expect to receive about $50 million more in additional proceeds in the second quarter as we finalize some of the outstanding pref rights and some of the consent and we close out the remaining sales. Also remember that in addition to the $650 million in proceeds we’ll realize from the divestitures, we also eliminated approximately $110 million of discounted abandonment liabilities. Slide 22 shows our cash cost components for the quarter compared to full year and end of first quarter 2007. Again our direct lifting cost declined about 14% from a year ago to about $0.82 per unit. While our high grading efforts have started to help on our cost structure, we also had lower work over and maintenance activities in our Gulf of Mexico and our South Louisiana region in Q1. For the remainder of the year, we expect further improvement in our direct lifting cost as we realize the full benefits of our divestitures. As you would expect, production taxes were higher than the first quarter last year and the full year due to higher commodity prices and based on the current NYMEX strip, this trend will likely continue for the remainder of the year and the good news is with the higher commodity prices, we more than offset the increased production taxes with overall improvement in our EBITDA margins. Our unit G&A was about $0.64 which is 7% lower than the prior year quarter and flat versus the full year 2007. We expect G&A costs to increase slightly in the second quarter due to the affects of losing the divestiture volumes and then they’ll decline again in the second half of the year as new production volumes come online. So in aggregate we’re on track with our full year guidance of $1.75 to $1.90 per unit cash cost at least for those that are price related controllable costs. Slide 23 shows our drilling results by risk category and by division. In the first quarter of 2008 we drilled 93 gross wells with a 96% success rate which again reflects the low risk nature of our portfolio. And our onshore central program we drilled 66 wells and we had a 100% success rate. Included in that performance are 23 wells in the Arklatex, that’s an area that we plan to steadily increase activity throughout the year and we should get to somewhere north of 110 gross wells for the full year. These totals only include 2 wells in our onshore Western region which were both successful but not included in this performance are 96 Raton wells that we’ve drilled in the quarter but not yet completed. And remember in these stats we count completed wells and we batch complete the Raton CBM wells in order to improve the cap ex efficiency.  All of these Raton wells will be completed in tied in this year and we expect to have close to 1,000 Raton CBM wells online when we complete our 2008 program. We’re successfully ramping up activity in the Texas Gulf Coast division. We drilled 23 gross wells there with an 87% success rate and included in that performance are 10 wells in our South Texas Vicksburg program with 100% success. This program is our second largest base volume in our portfolio and our technical team in South Texas continues to add successful exploration and exploitation projects to the program. In our Gulf of Mexico program, we drilled one successful well out of just a couple of attempts. The successful well was from our Highland 351 platform which we installed in 2007. The 351 number 3 well which is currently producing about 20 million a day and we have 100% interest in the project is the first of six wells that we plan to drill in our Plio-Pleistocene program throughout 2008. So the Q1 activity including those Raton CMB wells puts us on track to complete our 2008 program of around 500-525 wells. Slide 24 breaks down production by division for the first quarter and we’re showing our quarterly results here on a reported and a pro forma basis so you can better understand the results. Remember that our 8-12% three year growth rate is from a pro forma 2007 base of about 800 million cubic feet a day. For the quarter, including Four Star we grew volumes 8% from about 820-886 on a reported basis and 4% from 770 to about 800 on a pro forma basis. The Peoples acquisition was a significant driver of the reported quarter to quarter increase so I’m going to focus my comments on the pro forma changes this morning and that’s the bars on the right side of the slide. Our Central division which represents about 35% of our total volumes grew about 4% on a pro forma basis. We’ve had steady organic growth from that region and you should expect us to continue that and even to accelerate that growth through the year.  We’re actively developing the Peoples properties, especially in the Arklatex area. We’ve moved to a ten rig program which essentially doubles our 2007 levels. And two of those rigs are capable of drilling continentally horizontal wells and or Haynesville shale wells, depending on how we allocate that equipment. In our Western division, production declined slightly on a pro forma basis but we expect production levels there to increase as we come out of the winter and we increased our drilling and recompletion activities in the Altamont field in Utah. In 2007 we also completed 160 wells in Raton and we’ll add over 100 wells this year and the production from those wells, remember will steadily decline as they continue to dewater, sorry, incline, as they continue to dewater. As I indicated at our analyst meeting, we see significant growth from the Texas Gulf Coast division this year and we’re off to a good start with about a 10% increase in our pro forma basis and as I mentioned on our January call, TGC is down from the fourth quarter due to the decline that we’ve got in some flush production from some particularly high rate wells that we brought on late last year and from a slower ramp up in the Peoples assets. So, however, we expect to gain those volumes back and we’ll growth further as we ramp up our drilling program and I’ll show you our reactivity chart in a couple slides. Our Gulf of Mexico South Louisiana division grew 7% on a pro forma basis and this growth is really driven by the installations in our [Highland] and West Cameron blocks in mid to late 2007. And going forward we expect the division to range somewhere in the 120-140 million a day as new projects come on to offset our base declines. We shrunk our Gulf of Mexico business through our high grading program but the assets remaining there have deep inventory and they’re providing great cash flows and returns at current prices. These results combined with our planned ramp up in activity levels gives us confidence that we’ll be within the range of our bottom guidance and above 860 million a day for the full year. Slide 25 shows our total average operated and non-operated monthly drilling rig activity. This slide excludes Four Star and begins in January 2007.  As the chart shows, our rig activity bottomed in the third and fourth quarters of last year and then we steadily increased the activities as we continued to adjust following our divestitures and the integration of our Peoples assets. So increases have come primarily in the activity levels in the onshore Central and the TGC divisions.  The lower Q3 and Q4 rig count naturally has an impact on our Q1 production but going forward we expect volume growth through the remainder of the year as we continue to increase our activity levels. And then turning to slide 26, for those of you that might have missed our analyst meeting, we spent the bulk of the E&P portion of the meeting discussing the depth and the quality of our proved and our non-proved resources. Since then we’ve continued to get a few questions on our future opportunities so this morning I just want to briefly recap on our future inventory potential. The base of 2.8 T’s of proved reserves adjusted for divestitures is predominately lower risk US onshore opportunities and following our high grading efforts, more than 85% of our reserves are now onshore US. And we’re very focused on drilling programs were we have competencies and where we have repeatability which will allow us to deliver consistent predictable results and further lower our finding and development cost. The next layer of our resource potential is the 2.8 TCF of non-proved risk resources and about 2 of that 2.8 TCF is comprised of unconventional opportunities like our coal seam programs in Raton and the Black Warrior Basin and tight gas plays in the Arklatex and Texas Gulf Coast region. We consistently delivered north of 95% aggregate success rates in this part of the portfolio and we believe that we have the ability to turn those resources and to proved reserves and future production with a very high level of confidence. Additionally we think the total 5.6 TCF in proved and non-proved reserves is a conservative estimate. We’ve got a significant amount of upside potential for further infill drilling and applying new techniques in our existing programs and from a couple of the emerging shale gas plays. And we’ve not included anything for the Haynesville shale in our legacy areas or on the Peoples assets in the Arklatex or for the Pierre shale in the Raton basin. As I mentioned at our analyst meeting, we’re in the process of testing both of these plays in 2008 to understand the impact and the economics and the impact on the size of our inventory. We’re drilling and we expect to test our first Haynesville well in the second quarter this year and if successful we’ll continue with several more during the remainder of 2008.  And in the Pierre shale or Niobrara we expect to drill three wells this year to expand our current knowledge of the play. Also our unproved inventory doesn’t include the upside potential of our Cotton Valley horizontal drilling and we recently completed our first well in that pilot program and that well is producing over 5 million a day at de Sales and the well is still in the clean up phase post-frac. We’re still making frac water, so we’re pleased with the early performance of that well. And of course we’re continuing to catalog the upside potential on our Brazil and our Egypt operations. So in summary you should feel confident that we have a solid inventory for the near term and the upside potential that’s going to drive our long term growth. So in closing we’re off to a solid start for the E&P program for the year, we’re moving past the Peoples acquisition and our divestiture adjustment period, prices are strong, activity and production are increasing and we’re holding the line on controllable cash costs. With that I’ll hand it back to Doug for closing comments.
Douglas Foshee:  Thanks Brent. We’re on track for a very good year this year and given the combination of our committed backlog in the pipes, existing inventory in E&P and the continuation of our hedging program into 2009, we’re actually on track for several good years to come. The fundamentals for both our businesses are very good which is great, but they’re good for everyone. The way we’re going to distinguish ourselves is through execution and we remain very focused on the cost and timing of our pipeline projects and on how we bid new projects. On the E&P front, we’re ramping up our drilling program which will translate into growth that we’ve articulated. We’re doing very well on the cost front so far and you’ll see continued progress as the year goes on. Finally, we’ve retained much of the leverage to higher gas prices so we’ll do much better than our original guidance for 2008 and with that we’re happy to open it up to your questions this morning.
Operator:  (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse. 
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse:  Mark with respect to how we should be thinking about the uplift of the cash flows this year, clearly with commodity price assumptions or the commodity strip, add to that at some point we’re likely to see I would think another drop down to the MLT, is this something where we should kind of continue to see perhaps a rise in the cap ex for the rest of the year as we take advantage of more opportunities or should we kind of look at that as kind of more of a windfall to the strengthening of the balance sheet?
Mark Leland:  Well I think that it’s early to say, you know we haven’t changed our guidance for cap ex. We have, of course, we have additional capital projects that the pipeline part is working on and but its early days to say whether that, where that additional cash will go. It’s a good problem to have.
Douglas Foshee:  I’d just add to that, we obviously aren’t going to spend it until we have it, meaning we’re very encouraged and we’re actually pretty bullish on gas prices but we want to see that in our actual received cash versus the forward curve. Having said that, planning on receiving that, we’ve got some great alternatives.  We’ve got a significant amount of growth capital already in the pipeline business and we’re not done yet, we still continue to chase not only the projects that, the rather large green field projects that we’ve alluded to but of course our typical bread and butter kind of pipeline projects.  We also have some really exciting things going on in the E&P side if we’re successful in proving up Cotton Valley horizontals, if we’re successful in our Haynesville tests, if we’re successful in our Pierre tests. We’ve got the ability then to ramp up some spending there.  And then of course depending on where our shares are trading at that moment, we have the ability to give our shareholders some of their money back which is also a consideration. And so those are in kind of priority, without a particularly priority, that’s where our heads are right now.
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse:  Jim, one specific question on Ruby, I guess I was just trying to, can you refresh my memory, the PG&E tariff, is that a fixed tariff or will that be readjusted depending on inflation and where the total project may go and ultimately I’m trying to get a sense of typically pipelines, 9% after tax on levered return on capital, what’s sort of the minimum threshold that you would need to go forward with a project of this size?
James Yardley:  First of all in answer to the first question of the PGE terms of that contract, we haven’t, those are confidential, we haven’t divulged terms on any of the contracts with PG&E or with others. On return expectations, I think you saw Carl at our analyst conference that over the course of the last two or three years the projects we’ve put in service have typically been in the seven times cap ex to EBITDA range.  We also showed our information with respect to our committed backlog at around the same level. And so that’s a marker for what we’re looking for here with also trying to mitigate some of the risk.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Shneur Gershuni – UBS.
Shneur Gershuni – UBS:  On the E&P side [inaudible] with respect to E&P program Brent, if you can give us some color with respect to your expectations with respect to drilling costs, days to drill and so forth in the areas like Arklatex, the Raton, Black Warrior and so forth, do you expect them to trend down over the next year or so, are there things that you’re working on to try and drive them down and obviously improve returns?
Brent Smolik:  Yes, let me step back a second Shneur, we’ve been able to do that a couple years in a row where we’ve, Raton is a good example, Arklatex is a good example where we’ve been able to hold the line on cost. Total cap ex for the projects, even though we’ve experienced some inflationary pressures in the services, for the first half of this year, I think we stand a good chance of doing the same because we were able to use our contracting strategies to secure up some of those prices.  As we look out to the second half of the year and we look at primarily steel prices and energy prices, they’ll have some net impact on us in the second half. So I think we’re okay near term, longer term we got to see how the energy prices and steel prices shake out.
Shneur Gershuni – UBS:  With respect to drilling times though is there an opportunity, do you see opportunities to drill faster and potentially exceed your targets for wells to be drilled for this year?
Brent Smolik:  We are seeing that in a couple of rig lines this year. We saw that last year, if you go back where we finished up the Black Warrior Basin program and the Arkoma program and part of the Arklatex program early. And so we are seeing a couple of the, because of efficiency gains and time gains, we’re seeing a couple of our rig lines this year that we could finish up early.  That’s a good problem to have. We’re continuing to make that kind of progress. The other way we get there is we may add time in the case of the Cotton Valley Horizontal wells, they take a little longer to drill, but we gain it in terms of the uplift efficiencies.  So we get more production and reserves per capital dollar that we spend but we actually add time. So we’ve got some of both, we’re able to keep improving in some of the areas where we’ve traditionally made gains on time and then we’re looking at other ways to gain on efficiencies.
Shneur Gershuni – UBS:  At the analyst day you sort of talked about infill drilling potential in a lot of these projects, have you made any progress with respect to either filing to get it done or actually doing test wells and so forth?
Brent Smolik:  We have a deep enough inventory now where we haven’t infilled anymore of the Arklatex area since the analyst day. So we’ll continue to work through our current inventory and we’ll continue to size it on how much potential we think we have in the infill. And so it may show up in our inventory cataloguing before it actually shows up in pilot test.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Rebecca Followill - Pickering Energy Partners.
Rebecca Followill - Pickering Energy Partners:  Follow up question in Pierre, on the Haynesville and Cotton Valley, how many Haynesville tests do you plan this year and how many horizontal Cotton Valley tests this year?
Brent Smolik:  Right now two of the rigs are capable of drilling both and so our plans are right now to keep two rig lines working through the rest of the year and we’re still juggling back and forth between the two. Likely one of them will drill Cotton Valley horizontals for the rest of the year and then the second rig line will be part Haynesville, part Cotton Valley, the way it looks today. So two active rigs into Arklatex.
Rebecca Followill - Pickering Energy Partners:  On the pipeline side, just a question on these steel cost increases are pretty amazing, when you go in to structure your contracts with shippers, at what point do you lock in those steel costs, is it after you get FERC approval, is it when you get the firm commitment from the shipper? Give us a feel for that.
James Yardley:  As we’re marketing the project we’re getting a good sense for what we can do on the revenue side. At the same time during that process and as you know it can go on for months, we’re testing the market for what we think is appropriate to cost out the project, both with respect to steel as well as contractors.  And then what we’d like to do and to minimize our risk is in or around the time that we’re committing to go forward on the revenue side with our shipper contracts, we’re trying at a point very close to that to be ready and positioned to contract for the pipe as well as go forward with contractors.  That’s the aim but invariably either on the revenue side or on the cost side you’re hung out for a little bit. A good example is what we did on FGT phase eight. As you know we committed to the project a couple of months ago and we’re probably, we will be ordering pipe this month so, and we built into that estimate a couple of months ago adequate contingencies so that we feel good about the estimate that we had at that time. So we try to match up the revenue and cost as best we can timing wise and that’s that.
Rebecca Followill - Pickering Energy Partners:  But on the case with Ruby, because you didn’t have enough commitment at that point you had not ordered pipe, is that correct?
James Yardley:  Well right, I mean Ruby is still to come. We haven’t committed on either the revenue side or cost side. We haven’t committed to go forward with the project, so right now we’re in front of the producers in a big way trying to get a better sense for volume, rate, risk and so as soon as we get a better handle on that, we’re going to try to be read y to do something on the pipe order side.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mark Afrasiabi – PIMCO.
Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO : On the operation and maintenance lines, I just wanted to clarify, make sure I understand the drop year over year, sort of, can you maybe explain that number for me and I guess the negative $39 million corporate O&M, what the non recurring component is there.
Mark Leland:  The operations expense is down year over year primarily as a result of a lot of things. But primarily as a result of the Case indemnity obligation that I mentioned early in the walk through, it’s really an adjustment of an accrual that was a benefit. On the corporate side, that is an unallocated cost as well as the charge associated with the indemnity in the ammonia line indemnity.
Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO : So the $271 million number, if you ignore this non-recurring component, what’s that dollar amount that’s in that number just so that I can get to more of a run rate on the O&M line from Q1.
Mark Leland:  Rather than reconcile O&M right now I’d be more willing to do that for you offline Mark. I mean I think that O&M generally is pretty flat year over year, there’s nothing significantly changing our core operating expenses quarter over quarter.
Operator:  Your last question comes from Mark Caruso – Millennium.
Mark Caruso – Millennium:  Doug and Mark you had mentioned in your prepared remarks that you expect guidance to be sharply higher, I guess what’s the holdback considering with the new hedges, not officially raising it, because I know you guys since Howard Wheel have kind of given indication of sensitivities but not, I’m just curious, why not official raise it?
Mark Leland:  I think what we’ve tried to do is we’ve tried to say if you strip out commodity pricing, we’re reaffirming guidance. And then we’ve given you a gas price grid and you can do your own forecast of what you think gas prices are and you can get to a range of what our earnings should be. And then secondarily what we’ve said is to the extent your forecast is above $7.50 Henry Hub, while that revenue will get tax effected in our income statement, because of the NOL it’s actually going to be real cash to the company.
Mark Caruso – Millennium:  So it’s more of just, you’re letting people make their own assumptions because I know at Howard Wheel the curve at $9.00 gas and gas is at $11.00, you guys are saying $1.25-$1.35 so I thought using that would have been still conservative in light of the current market.
Mark Leland:  That is conservative in light of the current market.
Operator:  At this time we have no further questions in queue.
Bruce Connery:  Thank you for joining the call, if you have any further questions please call investor relations. Thank you.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-03-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Bruce L. Connery - Vice President, Investor and Public Relations Douglas Foshee - President, Director and Chief Executive Officer Mark Leland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer James Yardley - Executive Vice President and Chairman of Pipeline Group Brent J. Smolik - Executive Vice President of El Paso Exploration and Production 
Analysts:  Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO  Tom Nowak - Merrill Lynch  Maura Shaughnessy - MFS Investment Management Faisel Khan - Citigroup  Sam Brothwell - Wachovia Securities  Gary Stromberg – Lehman Brothers   
Operator:  I would like to welcome everyone to the El Paso Corporation fourth quarter 2007 earnings call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Bruce Connery. 
Bruce L. Connery: Thank you and good morning. We appreciate your joining our call. In just a moment, I’ll turn the call over to Douglas Foshee, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Others with us this morning who will participate in the call are Mark Leland, our CFO; Jim Yardley, who is President of our Pipeline Group; and Brent Smolik, who is President of El Paso Exploration & Production Company. Throughout this call, we will be referring to slides that are available on our website at elpaso.com. This morning we issued a press release and filed it with the SEC as an 8-K, and it is also on our website. During the call, we will include forward-looking statements and projections made in reliance on the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company has made every reasonable effort to ensure that the information and assumptions on which these statements and projections are based are current, reasonable and complete.  However, a variety of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the statements and projections expressed in this call. Those factors are identified under a cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements section of the earnings press release that was filed this morning, as well as in other of our filings with the SEC and you should refer to them. The company assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements made during this conference call or any other forward-looking statements made by the company, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  Please note that during the call, we will use non-GAAP numbers such as EBIT and EBITDA, and we have included a reconciliation of all non-GAAP numbers in the appendix to our presentation. I’ll now turn the call over to Doug.
Douglas Foshee: Good morning and thanks for joining us today. 2007 was another year of significant achievement for El Paso. We’ve just concluded our fifth consecutive year of improved earnings and we expect to continue that string in 2008.  Both of our core businesses performed well in 2007. EBIT in the pipes was up 7% over 2006. We put several new projects in service during the year and we continued to add to what we believe is the highest quality backlog in the pipeline business.  With the recent addition to the backlog of the Florida Gas Transmission Phase VIII expansion, our overall backlog is now nearly $4 billion, a record for our company and the underpinning of our ability to forecast 6% to 8% multiyear growth in this business with confidence. Over in E&P, 2007 was a year of delivering on our commitments. Volumes were up 8%; reserves up 18%; our cost structure improved and we continue to evolve our portfolio to become a more effective competitor in this business. We also concluded our fifth consecutive year of improving El Paso’s balance sheet. At the beginning of the year we concluded the sale of ANR, permanently repairing the balance sheet and returning our Pipeline business to investment grade status. Towards the end of the year, we concluded a very successful IPO of El Paso Pipeline Partners, now the lowest yielding MLP giving us another tool in our toolbox to create value both for our shareholders and for the MLP unit holders. With that as a brief introduction, I’ll turn it over to Mark and Jim and Brent and then come back at the end to wrap up.
Mark Leland: Thank you, Doug, and good morning, everybody. I am starting on slide 7 titled Financial Results. The fourth quarter was another good quarter on pretty much all fronts. On the financial side, we’re reporting earnings this quarter of $151 million or $0.21 per diluted share. Consolidated EBIT was $483 million, up 94% from the same period last year, driven by strong performance by both the Pipeline and E&P Groups.  On a combined basis, EBIT for the two core businesses was up $132 million or 30%. Note that last year’s fourth quarter included a $188 million charge in our marketing segment related to the Alliance capacity pipeline sale. Interest expense was $252 million, which is down from $287 million in the fourth quarter last year, reflecting a significant debt reduction and liability management efforts completed this year, partially offset by the short term debt increase associated with what is largely a timing difference between the Peoples E&P property acquisition and our announced E&P divestitures. There were several items impacting earnings this quarter which are highlighted on slide 8. The first is a $34 million pre-tax or $0.03 per share loss from the change in fair value of power contracts in the PJM power pool as a result of increased installed capacity prices. I’ll give more color on this issue later in my comments. The second item is the $26 million pre-tax or $0.02 per share loss on the puts and calls in the marketing segment we have in place to hedge E&P cash flows against reductions in commodity prices.  The third significant item impacting the quarter’s results is an $8 million or $0.01 per share impairment of our Manaus and Rio Negro power plants in Brazil.  As you recall in 2005 we negotiated a three year extension to the term of the power purchase agreements for these plants which expired in January of 2008, at which time the plants transferred to the off-taker Manaus Energia. This impairment is for additional costs associated with the transfer to Manaus. Adjusting for these items brings adjusted EPS to $0.27 per share. Slide 9 highlights the business unit contribution. On a combined basis our core Pipeline and E&P businesses generated $892 million of EBITDA versus combined CapEx of $696 million.  Marketing and trading reported EBITDA loss of $63 million which I’ll provide more detail in a minute. Power EBITDA was a loss of $4 million driven almost entirely by the Brazilian power impairment I just discussed.  Corporate EBITDA was a $16 million loss, which includes among other things adjustments to legacy, liabilities and reserves. Accounting for our 50% interest in Citrus on a proportional basis brings Pipeline-adjusted EBITDA at $430 million and total core business adjusted EBITDA at $920 million for the quarter. There is a chart in the appendix that provides the relevant details for adjusted EBITDA calculations. Slide 10 highlights full-year results. For the 12 months ended December 2007, we reported total diluted EPS of $1.53 per share; $0.96 per share from discontinued operations which was driven by the $674 million after-tax gain on the ANR sale; and $0.57 per share from continuing operations.  EBIT for the year was at $1.652 billion which included strong operating results from both core businesses. E&P was up $269 million or 42% from last year and the Pipeline Group was up 7% or $78 million. Also included in 2007 EBIT was a debt repurchase charge totaling $291 million. Interest expense associated with continuing operations was down $234 million or 19% as a result of our improved balance sheet, and income tax expense was $222 million which equates to a rate of just under 34% in 2007, versus a $9 million benefit in 2006 as a result of settling several outstanding IRS audits. Now I’m turning to slide 11, titled Items Impacting 2007 Results. This slide summarizes some of the significant items affecting this year’s earnings. As you recall from our previous quarterly calls, we’ve described several significant items both positive and negative impacting 2007.  These items for the most part are the result of specific actions we took throughout the year to continue to simplify and de-risk our business or are related to non-core legacy operations. The only new item for the year is the change in fair value of our PJM power contracts which impacted earnings by $0.07 per share this year, and I’ll highlight that in a minute on another slide. So, the total adjustments are $0.43, so when you adjust income we would say our core business, adjusted income per share is about a dollar. Slide 12 highlights business unit contribution for the full year. On the combined business, our core Pipeline and E&P businesses generated $3.3 billion in EBITDA versus CapEx, including acquisitions of just under $3.7 billion.  Marketing and trading reported an EBIT loss of $199 million, and I’ll highlight that in just a minute. Power EBITDA was a loss of $36 million, driven almost entirely by the Brazilian power impairments and accounting for a 50% interest in Citrus on a proportional basis whereas our Pipeline-adjusted EBITDA to $1.769 billion and total core business adjusted EBITDA to $3.458 billion for the year. Now, I’m turning to cash flow on slide 13. For the year, cash flow before working capital changes was $2.1 billion, up $498 million or 30%, and cash flow from continuing operations was $1.838 billion.  For the year 2006, cash flow from continuing operations was just over $1.8 billion driven by nearly $900 million return of margin collateral, from the sale of our power book. When you exclude the collateral return from 2006 you can see that we had a much improved cash generation in 2007.  For the year, CapEx excluding acquisitions was $2.5 billion and we closed just under $1.2 billion in acquisitions, and we paid $149 million in common and preferred dividends. Slide 14 details earnings from the Marketing segment for the quarter and for the year. We’ve segregated these results to highlight the impact of derivatives used to hedge production, cash flows which we view as strategic positions and then other positions which are primarily related to our legacy trading book. For the quarter and the year we realized EBIT losses of $26 million and $89 million respectively due to the change in fair value of our production-related derivatives compared to gains last year.  The losses were primarily driven by mark-to-market losses on the $7.50 puts we used to hedge natural gas productions. We’ve executed all of our new E&P hedges in the E&P segments so going forward you should expect to see volatility associated with hedging in the Marketing segment continue to decline in 2008. In the other category of Marketing positions, we realized an EBIT loss of $38 million and $113 million for the fourth quarter and the year respectively versus losses of $197 million and $340 million for the same periods last year. The primary driver of this year’s other marketing EBIT losses are due to the change in fair value of the PJM contracts. Slide 15 provides more color on the PJM power contract volatility, which impacted non-core earnings this year. As we discussed in the past, the remaining exposure in our power portfolio is related to three contracts: two contracts which require us to simply swap locational differences in energy prices between (inaudible) locations in the Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Maryland eastern region and the PJM west hub through 2013.  And one contract, the UCF contract, which obligates us to deliver physical energy and provide install capacity in the PJM power pool through April 2016. At year-end, the mark on the three contracts was a liability of $454 million. In 2005, we hedged the power commodity exposure and until last year the primary source of volatility in these power contracts was the change in bases between the eastern (inaudible) locations and west hub. Beginning in June of 2007, the PJM Independent System Operator implemented a new capacity market and conducted periodic auctions to set prices for providing installed capacity to customers in the PJM pool.  The auction price of the pool-wide installed capacity has increased and it has been the primary driver in the $100 million decrease in the fair value of the contracts this year.  The capacity market is matured over the last year, so we’re in the process of entering into transactions to fix the capacity price for the remainder of the contract term thereby eliminating the mark-to-market exposure of the installed capacity component of these contracts.  So going forward, assuming we’re able to fix the capacity price, remaining exposure is related to basis and discount rates. Slide 16 summarizes our 2008 hedge program. We been active this last few months and we’ve added to our gas hedge program. In short, our 2008 program includes 188 TBtu with an average floor of $7.94 per MMBtu with an average ceiling price of $10.21 per MMBtu.  On the oil side, we have 3.7 million barrels hedged with an average floor of $80.94 per barrel and the ceiling of $81.44. The combination of these positions hedges approximately 69% of our planned 2008 equivalent production and equates to 76% of our expected 2008 E&P revenues. 2007 continued our string of improving financial flexibility and as slide 17 highlights, this is our fourth consecutive year of debt reduction. In total, we have reduced debt during the period by nearly $9.5 billion or a reduction of 42%.  This year, we finished the year with gross debt of $12.8 billion, down 17% from last year. Interest expense including discontinued operations is down over $300 million compared to last year. And looking to 2008, we have very little capital markets needs due to the work we did in 2007. So in summary, financial performance was very solid for 2007. We saw good growth in our core businesses. We finished our fifth consecutive year of improved profitability and our balance sheet is in good shape and our hedge program gives us good protection with upside in 2008.  Next, Jim Yardley will put some more color on the Pipeline results.
James Yardley: Thank you, Mark. On slide 18, the Pipeline Group had a very successful year. Financially, we concluded the year with a good quarter and for the year, EBIT was up 7% from 2006.  Operationally, we continued to experience very solid volume growth across our pipes. With respect to new growth, we’ve placed in service a major expansion in The Rockies, the Kanda Lateral that will allow access out of the Uintah Basin. We also added two new major projects to our backlog of committed growth projects. One, the Gulf LNG terminal to be built in Pascagoula, Mississippi, we completed our acquisition of a 50% interest in this terminal.  Two, we executed a very significant precedent agreement with FP&L in Florida to allow us to go forward with FGT’s $2 billion Phase VIII expansion. So our committed growth backlog now stands at nearly $4 billion, which as Doug said is a record high. On slide 20, on the financials, our 2007 EBIT was $1.265 billion. This is higher than the high end of our targeted EBIT range for the year. EBIT was up $6 million in Q4 and $78 million for the year. For the year, essentially all of this 7% EBIT increase was due to higher revenues, mostly from pipeline expansions across the country especially on SNG, TGP and CIG. Revenue also increased due to higher throughput, some pockets of additional capacity sales especially on TGP and higher rates on CIG resulting from a rate case settlement.  We did have higher operating costs in 2007, but this was mostly offset by higher equity and earnings from our investment in Citrus. Capital expenditures as you can see were essentially flat year-to-year at just over $1 billion. We spent more on growth capital in 2007, nearly $650 million. Significantly up from 2006, but offsetting this, in 2006, we spent over $200 million on hurricane-related capital. Underlying maintenance capital was relatively flat at just over $375 million. Throughput was up significantly, and this is laid out by pipe on the next slide. So, on slide 21, on throughput, it’s a very nice picture; in total, up 7% from 2006 which in turn was up 6% from 2005.  The increase is broad based coming from both the demand and the supply side. On the demand side, power gen loads especially in the east on both TGP and SNG increased significantly due to warmer summer weather, the drought in the Southeast, and simply an increase in the underlying growth in electricity demand.  On the supply side, we had significantly higher volumes out of The Rockies due both to increased production and the start of our Piceance Lateral in 2006. We also had higher supply area throughput on TGP. All of the gas from the Independence Hub is flowing into TGP nearly 1 Bcf a day. So in sum, the underlying health of our pipelines is excellent. On the next few slides, we provide an update on our growth projects. This slide 22 is mainly for your reference and updates our committed backlog. And by committed, we mean these are projects for which we have binding long-term precedent agreements with customers that allow us to go forward.  So these projects are now either going through the regulatory review phase or are under construction and will be placed in service over the next several years. Two important points on this slide: first, as we said, our committed backlog is now nearly $4 billion. With this backlog in hand, we’re confident with our 6% to 8% long-term EBIT growth expectation. Second, this is a high-quality set of projects that comprise our backlog. I say this because concerning capital cost of new infrastructure, our industry is clearly in a very tight and challenging market for pipe and pipeline installation.  But in the box in the lower left corner of this chart, you can see how we’ve managed to reduce this capital cost risk by sharing it with others. On nearly two-thirds of the total capital of these projects we’ve managed to pass on this risk either to contractors, mostly through EPC contracts on the LNG terminal projects, or to customers.  On a portion of the remaining one-third on which El Paso is the primary party bearing the risk, some of this capital is for compression projects that entail lower risk because of the nature of that work relative to laying new pipelines.  So, we like our backlog − a lot. It’s large. It involves primarily straightforward organic expansions of existing infrastructure which tend to be higher return, and we feel good about how we’re managing the capital cost risk. On slide 23, we closed our acquisition of 50% of the Gulf LNG regas terminal. We also closed on the $870 million non-recourse financing associated with the project at a very attractive interest rate. Construction has now started toward a 2011 in-service date.  The capacity of Gulf is fully contracted long-term with customers. With ENI, the large Italian oil company and with the Angolan LNG consortium comprised of Chevron, BP, ENI, Total, and the Angolan national oil company Sonangol. Our revenue stream from these terminal use agreements will be substantially reservation charge-based and not subject to the actual use of the terminal or number of LNG ships unloaded.  So, our revenue is highly predictable and stable. Likewise, the capital cost of Gulf is well known because the construction is mostly being done under an EPC contract with Aker-Kvaerner, a large Norwegian contractor with a significant experience in such projects. So, Gulf is a good one for us. We’ve been able to capitalize on our experience at Elba Island to add value. And, in addition to our ownership interest, we will be responsible for overseeing construction and then we’ll operate it. On slide 24, on our January earnings guidance call, we discussed three very large projects, each with capital over $2 billion that were in the marketing stage. We did not have customer commitments at that time on any of them, and so they were not yet in our committed backlog. Now on one of them, this FGT Phase VIII project shown on this slide, we’ve secured a major customer commitment. So, this $2 billion project is a go project and we’ve added it to our backlog. FGT is owned by Citrus, our 50-50 joint venture with Southern Union.  We have a long-term 25-year firm transportation commitment with FP&L, the largest utility in Florida. FP&L will use the increased capacity to fuel a major expansion of power plants in South Florida. I think you’re aware that a number of proposed coal-fired plants in Florida have been canceled due to environmental concerns, and so Florida and the utilities there are turning to natural gas in a bigger way.  To expand FGT’s system, we’ll loop various segments of the pipeline, about 500 miles of pipeline loop, from the Mobile Bay area across the Panhandle and then south. We’ll also add compression at a number of stations. We’ll file our certificate application with FERC later this year and plan to be in-service April 2011. Florida has been a growth market for us for a long time. As the name of this project implies, this is our eighth major expansion on FGT over a 20-year period, and during this time, FGT’s capacity will have increased threefold, from less than a Bcf a day to nearly three after completion of this expansion. On slide 25, these are the other two large projects that we’re marketing. Neither is in the backlog yet. We’ve not committed to go forward on either. But if we’re successful, each individually would have a significant impact on our EBIT in 2011 and beyond.  As we said on our January call, both are grounded in our macro outlook for the changes in gas flows over the next several years; both also utilize our incumbent position and regional markets, The Rockies and the Northeast and finally, on both projects will have equity partners to share the risk. As we’ve been doing, we will keep you apprised of the progress. So in summary on slide 26, we had an excellent year in 2007, and looking forward, we have a large and very attractive backlog. We fully expect it to yield growth of 6% to 8% and we’re focused on executing to bring these projects in-service over the next several years. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Brent on E&P.
Brent J. Smolik: Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. My comments will be somewhat brief since we discussed many of our 2007 results on our guidance call last month. E&P had a strong 2007 and some of the story merits repeating. So I will run through that with you.  We also have some additional news this morning primarily regarding reserves which were not final at the time of our January call and regarding our non-proven inventory. So turning then to slide 28, we successfully delivered on our 2007 commitments with production, capital and operating cost results all well within our guidance. We also had a strong year on our reserves, growing our oil and gas reserve base, and as Doug said, proved reserves grew about 18% and that’s with significant contributions from both our exploration and development programs, as well as the Peoples and the South Texas Laredo acquisitions. In total, we replaced more than 250% of production and we grew reserves about 130% if you exclude the additions from the acquisitions. We also realized year-over-year improvement on our reserve cost adding reserves at an average of about 3.55 per Mcfe equivalent.  And remember our international capital programs are still early phase, and when you remove that impact from the equation, our domestic U.S. replacement cost came in at about 3.26 per Mcf equivalent and that’s very much in line with our expectations and from what we’ve seen so far competitive with our peer companies that have comparable reserve lives.  In Brazil, we were successful with both our exploration projects, Pinaúna and Bia. And while we didn’t book any proved reserves in 2007 for those discoveries, there are a material resource addition that points to the potential of our international program. And then lastly, from a strategic perspective, we made good progress high-grading our portfolio which improves both our near-term performance and then it better positions us to achieve a 8% to 12% multi-year production growth and then longer-term improve our cost structure. So moving then to slide 29, the E&P segment reported EBIT for the quarter of $263 million and $909 million for the full year, that’s 92% and 42% increases respectively over the 2006 results. And the increase was primarily due to, as Mark said, higher production, higher realized commodity prices and continued focus on our cost structure. Our hedging program provided strong price support and added about $177 million to the full-year earnings numbers. CapEx for the quarter excluding acquisitions was $347 million, which was in line with our expectations.  Then for the full year, we invested about $1.4 billion in our exploration and development programs which was roughly about $200 million increase over 2006, and that increase is largely due to the successful exploration projects we had in Brazil, and two additional exploration and development capital following our South Texas acquisition areas. For the full year, we spent $1.2 billion on acquisitions which included about $880 million for Peoples and about $250 million for our South Texas acquisition. Total production averaged 924 for the quarter and 862 for the full year, that’s an 11% full year increase and an 8%, as Doug said, increase over the same prior period. Included in the fourth quarter growth is the contribution from our Peoples acquisition, and I’ll give you a little more detail in a few slides on production. Cash costs averaged $1.83 for the quarter and $1.88 for the full year, again very much on target and for the full year up only slightly about a percent year-over-year. If you turn to slide 30, there is further cash cost details. It summarizes our cash cost for the quarter and for the full year and for the comparable periods in 2006. We made solid improvement for the quarter and for the year.  The 7% drop in unit lifting cost is as a result of really tremendous effort by our operations group, and I want to thank them again for their 2007 contributions. As we noted in January, we believed we are a top quartile performer in regards to the lifting cost metric and we intend to hold that position. Production taxes are a little less controllable and they’re really largely a function of higher prices and higher revenues. Unit G&A was up for the quarter and for the year and there are several reasons for the increase. We increased overall head count by about 10% which we’re happy about, and we also moved some of the marketing organization into the E&P business since they’re now directly managing the marketing of our oil and gas production.  Part of the $0.75 per Mcfe improvement that we got from hedging gains is due to their contribution. So, I hope you’d agree that this is a great trade-off to add them into our G&A.  Given our high-grading efforts, we expect further improvements in 2008 and we’ve previously announced, we expect cash costs to average somewhere between $1.75 and $1.90 per M implying about a midpoint improvement of about $0.07. Slide 31 shows our drilling results by risk category and by our operating divisions. For the full year, we drilled 603 gross wells and experienced a 97% success rate. That activity level was largely on track with our 600 plus wells outlined for our 2007 plan.  We did have higher than expected capital cost in some of our Gulf of Mexico and Brazil projects, and we did several bolt-on acquisitions which caused us to scale back a few of our programs, but it was only slightly and only on the margin.  In the Texas Gulf Coast division, we drilled 84 gross wells with a 92% all-in success rate. And given last year’s acquisitions, South Texas will continue to be a growth area for us.  Our Gulf of Mexico program had six successful wells out of 13 attempts. And while the 46% success rate is a bit below our expectations, if you look at the two-year average, we’re closer to 67% which is in line with our predicted success for Gulf of Mexico. The Onshore capital is targeted at our most repeatable programs in 2007 and we performed just about as expected. We drilled about 502 wells with a 99% success rate which compares very favorably to 2006.  If you look inside that it included in that performance our 160 wells that we drilled in our Raton program. And as you know, we were successful in all four of our exploration wells that we drilled in Brazil last year. Turning to slide 32, you can see the resulting equivalent production profiles. We’ve broken out here the Peoples volumes for the quarter and for the year so that you can see the performance of our base business.  You’ll remember that in our third quarter call, I said that our fourth quarter production will come in about 840 per day plus about 70 per day for Peoples and we came in ahead of that target at 924. So both the Onshore and the TGC regions had solid organic growth without the Peoples acquisition. Onshore was up about 5% from a year ago and TGC had a really good quarter and was up about 23% versus the prior year. In fact, they had a good enough quarter in TGC where we may see some of that come off in the first quarter, as some of that new well production rolls over.  As expected also in the Gulf of Mexico, we saw a rollover from the declines in the new production we had there that came on in the second and third quarters. So Gulf was down just a little bit, but right in line with what we expected for the quarter. The full-year story is also very good. All the domestic regions showed solid growth. When we look at full year, TGC grew 10% which is the first full year, year-over-year production growth that the division’s had since 2002.  Onshore continued its steady predictable growth, growing 5% essentially all organic, and they really grind it out there; remember 500 wells with a 99% success rate. So it’s a high activity count but very predictable performance. This continues a good string of very solid performance for the Onshore group. Gulf of Mexico had a successful year averaging 191 million a day or about 10% higher than 2006. Remember, we had a target there of averaging about 175 to 200 a day, so our results were right in line with our expectations.  As we noted on our guidance call in January, we expect full year 2008 volumes to be somewhere in the 870 to 930 a day range. And that assumes remember that we have a full first quarter production from all of the divestiture packages. And I’ll update you in a minute on where we’re at on the divestiture process. Turning to slide 33, as I mentioned earlier, we had a solid year growing our reserve base from 2.6 Tcf equivalent, and that includes our proportionate share of Four Star to about 3.1 Tcf. And that 18% growth rate is important as we continue to high-grade the portfolio, we’ll have the divestitures that follow.  Remember the acquisition portion of this growth improves our geographic concentration in the core areas that we have our repeatable capital programs and repeatable drilling programs, namely the Ark-La-Tex and the South Texas areas. When you look at the division breakout, you can see that over two thirds of our reserve base is concentrated in those areas with those low-risk repeatable programs, largely Onshore, largely in the unconventional plays like the coal-bed methane in Raton and Black Warrior Basin, and in the tight gas plays in Ark-La-Tex and South Texas. The Gulf of Mexico and South Louisiana division makes up less than 10% of our reserve base, and that size reduces our volatility of our total company performance, but still provides us some exposure to the higher impact medium and higher risk opportunities.  The TGC, Texas Gulf Coast reserve base grew about 26% and was one of our biggest growth areas as a percentage year-over-year growth. That was largely because of the additions of the South Texas Laredo and the Peoples acquisitions, but again it highlights the importance of that area for us going forward. International reserves are approximately 250 B’s, that’s essentially flat year-over-year. It’s important to note that that number does not include incremental resources that we discovered in the four exploration wells last year in Brazil. So, again I’m pleased with the E&P performance in 2008 and particularly with the growth in our oil and gas reserves.  As you know, we’ve released our non-proved resource potential this morning. Slide 34 shows our future drilling inventory and we start with our PUDs. We have almost 900 Bcf of proven undeveloped reserves, plus about 2.8 Tcf of net risked resource potential.  That risk resource increased about 12% from what we had at the end of 2006, beginning of 2007 and that ending balance doesn’t include the domestic properties that we’re now working to divest. Our growth reflects the inventory that we acquired through our acquisitions and it also reflects that we identified there are ongoing petrotechnical studies in the work of our petrotechnical teams.  At our Analyst Day in April, we plan to provide you with more detail and further characterize the inventory, but in the interim, I’d like to give you at least a high level summary of the inventory. Our unconventional inventory represents almost 500 B’s − 495 Bcf of net risked resource potential and is primarily comprised of the company’s coal seam operations in the Raton, Black Warrior and the Arkoma Basins and it also includes our New Albany shale project. Our conventional low-risk inventory is comprised of all the categories that have a geologic risk of greater than 40% or in that window of 40% to 100%. Currently, we have line in sight to almost 1.5 T’s – 1,460 B’s of net resource potential in those low-risk conventional opportunities.  That total includes resources in the Ark-La-Tex region, where we have a significant tight gas position, includes The Rockies, includes South Texas and it includes the international regions, including the step out drilling from our discovered resources. Our identified higher risk conventional inventory has a net resource potential of over 800 B’s and that category includes exploration in the Gulf of Mexico, exploration in Texas Gulf Coast, and in both Egypt and Brazil.  I should note that we also include about 250 to 300 B’s of inventory in this category that’s on open acreage that’s either in Gulf of Mexico or South Louisiana and we plan to pursue that inventory in upcoming lease sales and we included in our accounts because it’s part of our ongoing business model there and our ongoing leasing activities. Then, our total unconventional and conventional lower risk inventory typically consumes about 80% to 85% of our drilling capital. And going forward, we don’t anticipate that changing, but our conventional higher risk inventory will always provide a bit of upside to the portfolio. Turning now to slide 35, as you know, we’re in the process of selling down of up to half of our Pinaúna development project in Brazil. We’re proceeding with the project in the meantime and will decide in the first half of this year if we take on a partner or if we proceed on our own.  As you know, oil prices have helped that project significantly and we still expect production somewhere in that 15,000 to 20,000 barrels a day range beginning some time second half of 2009. So, either way, Pinaúna is going to be a valuable project.  As we announced last month, we’re continuing to make progress on our domestic asset sales. We’ve got three agreements signed for the Onshore properties. We’re going through the normal closing processes and we expect to have all those assets closed by the end of the first quarter.  Then, we’re also continuing to make progress on the Gulf of Mexico sales process, and we plan to have some news for you soon. So, watch this space for updates for Gulf of Mexico. And then finally on slide 36, overall I’m quite proud of our E&P accomplishments for 2007. We delivered on our commitments, and at the same time, we high-graded our assets. We’ve increased our internal capabilities, and we’ve improved our overall performance.  We grew our proven reserves and we’ve added to our unproven inventory. As I hope you can see, we are entering 2008 with positive momentum. Our 2008 CapEx program of $1.7 billion is off to a good start. Again, it’s going to be a relatively low-risk drilling program that’s focused primarily on developing the acquisitions and the exploration success that we had last year.  We’ll continue to look for ways to improve our cash cost and we expect improved long-term production growth of about 8% to 12% through 2010 when you compare that to the divest-adjusted 2007 base. So thanks and I’ll turn back to Doug to wrap up before Q&A.
Douglas Foshee: Thanks, Brent. We expect the momentum we built in 2007 in our two core businesses to carry over into 2008, giving us our sixth consecutive year of improved earnings. This is underpinned as Mark showed by significant downside commodity price protection and significant commodity price upside for the year should natural gas prices exceed $8 dollars.  In addition to that, we now have two core businesses that we believe have the capacity to generate attractive returns and growth beyond 2008. 6% to 8% plus EBIT growth in the pipes and 8 to 12% volume growth in E&P beyond 2008 give us a great deal of optimism about the future.  The addition of El Paso Pipeline Partners, our MLP give us another option for growth with a very competitive cost of capital available for project development, for third-party acquisitions and for so-called drop-downs. Finally, let me use the speaker’s prerogative to thank all of our employees who we call Team El Paso for their hard work during 2007. We moved a lot of freight last year and we have a lot more to do in 2008. As much as anything else, our challenge this year is execution on what we already have. If we bring in that $4 billion worth of projects in our backlog on-time and on-budget, while not taking our eye off our existing business; if we develop our E&P inventory at competitive costs vis-à-vis our peers; if we do all of this safely and if we continue to focus on attracting and then retaining and motivating our fellow Team El Paso members, this is going to be a great year for El Paso. Now that’s no small order, but we feel like we’re more than up to the task. So with that, we’re happy to open it up to your questions this morning.  
Operator:  Your first question comes from the line of Gary Stromberg – Lehman Brothers.
Gary Stromberg – Lehman Brothers :  Mark, couple of questions for you on the asset sales. I think last month, you talked about doing $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion, is that still the target and what exactly does that consist of?
Mark Leland: That’s still the target. That’s primarily the E&P divestiture assets that we talked about and the balance of our power assets, primarily the Brazilian power plants.
Gary Stromberg – Lehman Brothers :  And, do you think that’s front-end loaded first half of the year?
Mark Leland: Yes.
Gary Stromberg – Lehman Brothers :  Okay. And then with regard to the Brazilian E&P sale, if for some reason that doesn’t go through, how much do you think you have to increase 2008 CapEx volume, if at all to complete development on your own?
Brent Smolik: It’s really a function of how fast we go in the interim until we take on a partner, but the outside number we’re looking at would be $60-$70 million that would impact this year. If we keep 100% of the project versus 50%, but it’s all timing. So how fast we identify a partner, how much they take and then how soon we get it done.
Gary Stromberg – Lehman Brothers :  That’s helpful. The final question back to Mark on debt levels. Can you just refresh us on what’s drawn on your revolvers? And secondly, how you plan to finance the maturing debt both this year, and I think a little over $1 billion in 2009, if you’ve given that some thought?
Mark Leland: We have about $1 billion of liquidity in the form of both cash and undrawn revolver positions. We have maturities of around $330 million this year, some of which we will just refinance. Others, we’ll pay down. And then in 2009, most of that will be refinanced. And I think given our financial flexibility, we’ll, we won’t have any trouble there. We also have the MLP that gives us a lot more financial flexibility to deal with all of those issues and our CapEx load.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Sam Brothwell - Wachovia Securities.
Sam Brothwell - Wachovia Securities : Just to clarify on the impact on CapEx, you said $60 to $70 million if you didn’t take on a partner. Is that just specific to Brazil or is that across the E&P program?
Brent Smolik: That specific response was to Brazil. We don’t have any other issues like that. The others are moving along, and we’re going to get those done and they’re not going to affect CapEx.
Sam Brothwell - Wachovia Securities : Right. But if you didn’t end up selling down 50%, we would have to back-fill the proceeds that we’re assuming that would offset the other CapEx in the program? Is that correct?
Brent Smolik: Yes.
Douglas Foshee: Yes.
Sam Brothwell - Wachovia Securities : That clarifies that. And then Jim, on the Ruby pipeline, you’re estimating I think somewhere in the neighborhood of $2 billion gross CapEx. And my question is, there was a competing project similar route by one of your competitors and their cost estimate was, as I recall, considerably higher than what you’re estimating for the Ruby project.  I just wondered if you can comment on that, and especially in light of all the steady cost escalations we’re seeing in infrastructure across the board.
James Yardley: The capital cost pressure is clearly a reality. All projects are a little bit different. The $2 billion is specific to the route from Opal over to Malin. And in order to get to Opal from different Rockies basins, there will be additional capital spent by somebody. It could be either on WIC or CIG, if it’s moved by El Paso pipe to Opal or it could be on alternative means.  I am not sure that there is an apples-and-apples comparison here, but if for example all of the 1 Bcf a day came from the Piceance, Uinta and Powder River and/or transported on El Paso, our capital to beef up both WIC and CIG would be a lot more, but we’re comfortable with the capital specific in today’s market from Opal to Malin.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Faisel Khan - Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup : On the Texas Gulf Coast growth, year-over-year, can you describe a little bit more what transpired there? I know you talked about some new wells coming on line; was it large wells or was it one large portfolio of production that came on line? Brent Smolik Now, and you’re specifically talking about fourth quarter to fourth quarter, Faisel?
Faisel Khan - Citigroup : Yes.
Brent Smolik: We had a good run on new wells coming on. So, it was a number of new wells, but it wasn’t any specific single large wells that drove that. We had good success in the Dry Hollow area near Victoria, and we had good success in the (inaudible) area in South Texas and then we had a few Vicksburg wells further down the river. So, it really was the timing effect of getting them all on in the fourth quarter and the portfolio of them all working out.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup : Do you think the volumes on TGC might flatten out here over the next 12 months?
Brent Smolik: Yes, we may get some of that flush production fall off in the first quarter, I don’t think for the next 12 months, but since we had such a good fourth quarter, we may see it roll over a little bit in the first quarter, that’s flush coming off those number of new wells.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup : Okay, and looking at your risked and non-risked resource potential, when I equate your risked resource potential to a probable and possible number, is that how I would look at it?
Mark Leland: We try to give you the risking categories so you can look at that however you want. I like to separate out obviously first the PUDs, but then beyond that, the stuff that looks like true unconventional really low geologic risk things, and we separate those, and in that next tranche, if you look at it from a risk perspective it’s, 40% to 100% chance of geologic success so fairly high risk. It’s only that last piece of it that looks like, most like possibles...
Douglas Foshee: Fairly low risk.
Mark Leland: Low risk, sorry, it’s only that last tranche that’s less than 40% that looks riskiest, or looks most like possibles.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup : Okay. I understand. In terms of your domestic replacement cost going forward, are you comfortable with that number or do you think there is room to improve that number going forward?
Brent Smolik: You’re referring to the 3.26?
Faisel Khan - Citigroup : That’s right yes.
Brent Smolik: We’re always striving to improve it. We may get some relief this year on the cost side versus the- vis-à-vis the expectations we set at the budget for 2008 versus 2007. Otherwise, the program looks fairly similar in terms of the portfolio of the kind of things we’re going to drill.  It’s got a little less Gulf of Mexico exposure because of the divestiture there as a percent of the total. So, on the margin, it might be a little more predictable, little less risky, but the program looks similar. So, if we save a little cost that will be the improvement.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup : Okay. And, in terms of the Pinaúna project, what’s the timeline that you’re comfortable and think that you will bring initial production volumes on line? Is it still the fourth quarter?
Brent Smolik: We’re probably into 2009 now just because of the delays we’ve had in trying to integrate all the well data from the discoveries last year and trying to decide if we are going to change the concept. We’ve slipped a little on the time line. And then as we work through partner/no partner decision, we’re probably into 2009.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup : Have you’ve ordered some of the heavy equipment in order to start doing that?
Brent Smolik: The parts of it, that have been procured are mostly around the well heads, the well protectors and the facilities it will set the production facilities on, the two jack-ups, we haven’t yet procured the FSO.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup : Going to the Pipeline side for second, I see the revenues up quarter-over-quarter pretty substantially on the new projects you’ve brought on line, but O&M seems to be up pretty significantly over last year.  I know you talked about a little bit of that in your press release, but can you go into that a little more detail? Should we consider that this O&M level the sustainable level going forward or were there some significant items that we should be probably thinking about as one time?
Mark Leland: No, the increase is primarily the result on the O&M side of some hydrostatic testing that we’ve had to do as the result of a regulatory change. So, as the result of that interpretation of that regulation we’ll have a run rate closer to what you see in the fourth quarter going forward.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup : Okay, so the 246 in O&M that we saw in the fourth quarter is the right run rate, is that what you’re saying?
Mark Leland: I can’t speak specifically to the 246, but generally, there was nothing out of the norm in the fourth quarter.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup : Okay. And then, can you remind us how much capital you have coming on line on the Pipeline business in 2008?
Mark Leland: Growth capital, we’re going to be spending a lot of money. We’re going to be over $1 billion. We’ll be putting in-service about $500 million of projects and we will be spending a lot of money on projects to be coming in-service later. And on top of that, our run rate on maintenance capital has been about $375 million. You ought to expect that to continue.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup : What about development expenses for new pipeline? Isn’t that a large cost that goes into your O&M line?
Mark Leland: We spend development dollars all the time. We capitalize them in that if we’re unsuccessful, we’ll write them off, but in terms of being large, for example to-date on the FGT Phase VIII expansion, we’ve probably spent $2 million or so.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup : Okay, I got you. And then a couple of more questions on the proceeds from the partnership in the fourth quarter, what were the total proceeds from that IPO or the partnership to the C-Corp?
Mark Leland: New proceeds, $540 million net of fees.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup : That was the proceeds that come to the C-Corp both from debt end equity?
Mark Leland: The debt was another $450 million of which we’re using to repay other debt primarily at the Pipeline; $425 actually coming back up.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup : Got you. And then, can you also remind us what are the hard assets that are left in the power segment?
Mark Leland: There’s, the only material assets are the Porto Velho plant in Brazil. And that’s the bulk of it. There is the B2B pipeline we own an interest in, and there is a few smaller plants that we’re in the process of divesting, but that’s the big plant.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Maura Shaughnessy - MFS Investment Management.
Maura Shaughnessy - MFS Investment Management: Two questions. The first, can you just talk a little bit more about the MLP drop-down strategy and perhaps even quantify that at the minimum number for the year or how do you think about that?
Mark Leland: Basically, what we’re talking about from a drop-down strategy is, we definitely want to grow the MLP. We want it be a premium yielding MLP. We think that requires a certain growth target, and I’m not sure if we’ve been public as to what we think that is, but we definitely think we need to be a premium to achieve the objectives that we have for the MLP it needs to be a premium MLP.  So, we will grow the MLP either through acquisitions, drop-downs or capital projects to achieve those growth targets. We haven’t specifically set out targeted drop-downs for 2008 or beyond other than saying that we’re mindful of the growth objectives. And we have all the tools to make that happen.
Maura Shaughnessy - MFS Investment Management: Okay. The second question is maybe a bit bizarre, but I’m going to throw it out there anyway. So, I’ve been an observer of your company a long time. And so, when I think about what’s happened over the last 12-18 months or so, huge improvement in the balance sheet that speaks for itself.  The pipeline has always been good. It was capital-starved there for a while, now it’s growing materially and already was a very good asset. And the MLP went well when many folks haven’t even been able to get their deals off the ground. And then the E&P business has improved a lot, now actually has prospects, the diversity of assets make a lot of sense. And some of the costs are actually showing some improvements here.  Yet, when I look at your stock relative to certainly your E&P peers, it’s unbelievably underperformed. And even when I look at your E&P/Pipeline the gas integrated names, it’s also clearly underperformed by a fair amount.  I was just wondering if you could speak to the frustration level perhaps from the Board, from management, what would that necessitate in terms of, there’s always been discussion of splitting the company up if the two pieces aren’t valued appropriately, because frankly, when I see congratulations to all the things that have happened, and yet I see an underperforming stock, and so I’m trying to understand that better.
Douglas Foshee: I think a couple things. Of course, we are all long-term shareholders. So I can’t say I’m pleased with our share price performance for 2007 though we were in the 75th percentile of our peer group in 2006. So, long term, we actually are pretty pleased.  If you look at the bulk of our integrated peers, almost without exception, those that significantly outperformed in 2007 were the beneficiaries of the fact that they are in the gas manufacturing business at a time when that is a very attractive place to be, with very long reserve lives and low decline rates and all those kinds of things.  So, it’s not exactly, I would say, an apples-to-apples comparison. In terms of, I wouldn’t describe it as frustration as much as I would say we’re constantly mindful of whether or not we’re creating long-term value for our shareholders.  We are all both at the management team and at the Board aligned with what we think is the right thing to do for our shareholders long term. And frankly, as a management team, we’re incented in a way that directs us to make the right decisions for our shareholders long term. So, I think that’s something that we continue to watch. We’ve taken a lot of specific actions over the last four years to put us in a position to be able to make the right decisions and we’ll continue to do that.  By the way I don’t think there is any question no matter how you slice the numbers of whether we have created value since 2004 in both core businesses, but particularly in the rehabilitation of the E&P business, obviously helped by the fact that we’ve had a big commodity price upswing since then but also we positioned that company and now it’ll be a much more effective competitor on its own versus its E&P peers.
Maura Shaughnessy - MFS Investment Management: But Doug, if you look at the company-owned asset value basis and your pipeline clearly warrants a premium multiple as it always has, but the reserves in the ground relative to whether it’s the gas integrators or the other E&Ps or maybe some of today’s information might help some of that, and you haven’t had the growth dynamics or the cost dynamics of some of the peers there, but as I said before, it has improved a fair amount.  On an asset value basis, there is still a very wide gap there. And I’m just trying to understand where are we on the discussion if some of that gap doesn’t close, what are the options that management faces?
Douglas Foshee: The options are no different than the ones that we have pretty consistently talked about. We had in 2007 I would say the first full year at least since I’ve been here where first of all we were down to our two core businesses. And second of all, we had a really good operational year for both core businesses.  So, I would say we are very proud of having done that, but with respect to how the market views that and with respect to how we close what we agree is a gap between the intrinsic value of the company and where we trade, I think the fact that this year we were able to come out with guidance that was multiyear guidance, not just for one business unit, but for both, and I think that guidance for both business units puts us in a very competitive position, and as we deliver on that, in 2008, our expectation is that you will continue to see that valuation gap close, if in the end it doesn’t, we know what to do.
Maura Shaughnessy - MFS Investment Management: Okay, thank you very much and congratulations on all the good work.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Tom Nowak - Merrill Lynch.
Tom Nowak - Merrill Lynch : In the EPB offering documents, the numbers put out there for debt reduction at CIG and SNG were $225 million and $289 million, just wanted to confirm those are still the expectations, I think total debt repurchase of CIG so far has been $125 and SNG has been $66?
Mark Leland: Yes, those are still the targets, and we’ll just be opportunistic as we go.
Tom Nowak - Merrill Lynch : Okay. And do you have a cash balance for end of the year?
Mark Leland: $285 million.
Tom Nowak - Merrill Lynch : Thank you. And just to double check the EPB results are fully consolidated, is that correct?
Mark Leland: Yes.
Bruce Connery: Thanks. Time for one more question.
Operator:  Your final question comes from the line of Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO.
Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO : I was just going to ask you about cash. So you said $285 was the year end?
Mark Leland: Yes.
Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO : Can you just give me the bridge again on your pro forma debt number you’re put in there at (12814?) where you think that will be at the end of the first quarter roughly?
Mark Leland: We haven’t been providing quarterly debt guidance. And we really didn’t even give guidance for the full year 2008 on what our debt balances are. We’re pretty comfortable with where our balance sheet is. It will move up and down a little bit with the asset sales and the CapEx level and then activity at the MLP, but Mark we haven’t really provided that publicly.
Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO : Okay. And would you maybe just talk about the cost creep in Pipeline? You mentioned the O&M expense, but is there any sort of lumpy non-recurring cost creep in the quarter, just trying to reconcile the year-over-year growth of what looks like about 2% with your 6% to 8% secular guidance.
Mark Leland: I think you ought to look at the year-to-year comparison on O&M. The timing of actual spending within the year varies from year-to-year. But if you look at the year-to-year increase, there is nothing particularly unusual in that it’s up by 5% or so and that’s about on the mark.
Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO : Okay. So, I mean the quarterly 2% year-over-year growth, is that something just anomalous, temporary that you see then resuming at 6% to 8% or mid single-digit growth?
Mark Leland: I think on O&M, we’ll be up a little bit more with inflation in 2008.
Bruce L. Connery: That completes our call, and we appreciate your joining us this morning and please call if you have further questions. Thank you.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-11-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Bruce L. Connery - VP, Investor and Public Relations Doug Foshee - President and CEO Mark Leland - EVP and CFO James Yardley - President Pipeline Group Brent J. Smolik - President El Paso Exploration & Production 
Analysts:  Faisel Khan - Citigroup Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse   
Operator:  Good morning. My name is Regina and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the El Paso Corporation's Third Quarter 2007 Earning Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you.  Mr. Bruce Connery, you may begin your conference. 
Bruce L. Connery - Vice President, Investor and Public Relations:  Thank you, and good morning. We appreciate you joined our call. In just a moment I will turn the call over to Doug Foshee, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Others with us this morning who will be participating in the call are Mark Leland our CFO; Jim Yardley, President of our Pipeline Group; and Brent Smolik, President of El Paso E&P Company.  Throughout this call, we will be referring to slides that are available on our website at elpaso.com. This morning we issued a press release and filed it with the SEC's and 8-K, and it is also on our website. During this call, we will include forward-looking statements and projections made in reliance on the Safe Harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company has made every reasonable effort to ensure that the information and assumptions on which these statements and projections are based, are current, reasonable, and complete. However a variety of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the projections anticipated results or other expectations expressed in this call.  Those factors are identified under the cautionary statement regarding Forward-Looking Statements section in the earnings press release that was filed with the SEC this morning, as well as in other filings with the SEC and you should refer to them. The company assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements made during this conference call or any other forward-looking statements made by the company whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  Please note that during the call, we'll use non-GAAP numbers such as EBIT and EBITDA and we have included a reconciliation of the all non-GAAP numbers in the Appendix to our presentation. Also during this call, we will talk about our proposed MLP. Nothing we state the does constitute an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. Any offers, solicitations of offers to buy, or any sales of securities will only be made in accordance with the registration requirement of Securities Act of 1933 or an exemption there from. Our comments today are pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 135 under the Securities Act of 1933.  With that complete, I will turn call over to Doug. 
Doug Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Thanks Bruce. Good morning and thanks for joining us. Team El Paso delivered another very good performance in the third quarter. Earnings from continuing operations were up 33% from a year ago and both the pipes and E&P were ahead of target for the quarter. We'll spend couple of minutes highlighting the E&P Groups quarter.  EBIT was up 65% over the last year's Q3. Marketing this quarter was a non event, just how we like it. We completed the acquisition of Peoples and should have the integration largely complete by year end. We were able to convince about three quarters of the Peoples' staff to join Team EP. Our divestiture packages are on track and we had significant exploratory success in Brazil which sets us up for longer term volume and reserves growth.  In the Pipeline Group during the quarter, EBIT was up 9% over last year's Q3 and throughput remained strong. We continue to deliver on our growth projects, most recently with TGPs Northeast ConneXion New England which went into service just last week. And we continue to replace and grow our backlog with quality projects keeping the overall backlog above the $2 billion level, even as we roll off and put into the service existing growth projects.  While we have been working hard this year to make sure that we deliver on commitments we made to you performance in 2007. We have been working equally hard to ensure that we can create an organization that's capable of long-term sustainable growth. At E&P that's measured by our backlog of drilling projects which has grown substantially with the rate on Peoples acquisitions, the recent exploratory success in Brazil, our success this year in Gulf of Mexico lease sales and the continuing work of our technical teams to generate new ideas on existing properties.  The EMP team has done a great job this year in improving both the quantity and the quality of these opportunities. In the Pipes, our ability to grow and grow sustainably is most easily measured by our backlog. Jim is going to talk more about specific projects in the backlog later, but the point I'd like to make is that not all backlogs are created equal. What we report to you are projects for which we have commitments. But rest assured there other projects that we are working on, that haven't hit this list yet. Some are bread and butter incremental additions to existing pipes and some are larger and more strategic. We look forward to sharing more good news with you on our backlog as we finish out 2007.  Finally we continue to move forward on the formation and IPO of our master limited partnership. We filed our third amendment to the S1 yesterday morning, to update the filing to reflect our third quarter numbers, as well as to respond to a few questions. We continue to work with the SEC to move forward as expeditiously as possible and expect an IPO this quarter. And with that, I will turn to our Mark to talk about the financials. 
Mark Leland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Thank you, Doug and good morning. I am starting on slide 7 entitled financial results, the third quarter was another in a string of good quarters for El Paso. On the financial side we are reporting earnings this quarter of a $146 million or $0.20 per diluted share. Consolidated EBIT was $483 million, up 57% from the same period last year driven by strong performances in both the Pipeline and E&P groups.  Note that last year's third quarter included a $133 million mark-to-market charge related to MCV sale. However even adjusting for last year's one-time loss, EBIT was up nicely year-over-year. Interest expense was $228 million which was down from $294 million in the third quarter of last year, reflecting a significant debt reduction in liability management efforts completed early this year.  Our effective income tax rate for the quarter was a little over 39%, compared to a $98 million benefit in last year's quarter, which included several favorable tax adjustments. On our effective... our effective tax rate was up a little this quarter compared to either the first quarter or the second quarter's this year, due to the non-taxable Brazilian power impairments, which I will talk more about on the next slide. So no matter how you cut it, we had a good another strong quarter.  There were several items impacting earnings this quarter which are highlighted on slide eight. The first is the $65 million or $0.09 per share loss from the impairment of certain of our power investments in Brazil. The majority of this charge relates to the Porto Velho plant which is located in the upper Amazon River basin. Continuing developments in the Brazilian power markets have impacted the value of the plant and as I mentioned earlier, this international charge is not subject to U.S. income tax. So the pre and post-tax impacts were the same.  The second item is an $11 million pretax or $0.01 per share loss associated with Case Corporation retiree medical benefit, indemnity liability that was increased due to an unfavorable interim core drilling. Offsetting this negative... the negative items was a $77 million pretax or $0.07 per share gain or income from the reversal of a liability associated with the legacy crude oil marketing and trading issue. The liability was reversed on the expiration of the statutory limitations attributable to the potential claim. And finally, also affecting this quarter's earnings is a $15 million pretax or $0.01 per share gain on the puts and calls in the marketing segment used to hedge E&P cash flows. So adjusting for these items results an adjusted EPS of $0.22 per share, putting us well on track to meet our full year earnings targets.  Slide nine highlights business unit contribution. On a combined business, our core E&P and Pipelines businesses generated $795 million in EBITDA versus combined CapEx of $1.582 billion, which includes the $879 million Peoples acquisition. EBITDA consists of EBIT plus DD&A as you can see on slide nine. Marketing and trading recorded an EBIT loss of $8 million, which I will provide more detail on in a minute. Power EBITDA was a loss of $66 million, driven almost entirely by the Brazilian power impairment I discussed earlier. Corporate EBITDA was a gain of $55 million, which includes the $77 million crude oil trading liability reversal. And $11 million retired medical indemnity loss I discussed on the last slide.  As I highlighted in last quarter, one of our most important investments is our 50% interest in Florida Gas Transmission which is held by Citrus Corp. This is accounted for as an equity investment and as such we include only our 50% shares interest Citrus net income in our EBIT and EBITDA calculations which reflects Citrus results after interest expense and income taxes.  Adjusting to reflect our proportional share of Citrus EBITDA for the third quarter brings Pipeline Groups EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA of $445 million versus $369 million in the chart. There is a chart in the Appendix that provides the relevant details on adjusted EBITDA calculations. I am now turning to cash flow on slide 10.  For the first nine months of this year cash flow from continuing operations was $1.493 billion, which means for the third quarter, cash flow from continuing operations was $611 million. For the nine months ended September 2006, cash flow from continuing operations was just over $1.7 billion, driven by nearly $900 million of return of margin collateral, primarily from the power book sale and the reduction gas prices from the hurricanes the previous year. So, excluding this collateral return from 2006 shows a significantly improved cash generating capabilities of El Paso for 2007, in 2007. For the first nine months of this year CapEx including the Peoples acquisition was just under $3 billion and we paid $112 million in dividends.  Slide 11 details earnings for the marketing segment which experience another quite quarter. Reporting an EBIT loss of $8 million versus loss of $108 million last year, reflecting the continued decline in the size and volatility of the book. The primary drivers of this quarter's EBIT are $50 million mark-to-market gain on production-related derivatives, and $11 million mark-to-market loss on the remaining power contracts. And the relatively, in relatively small losses in the gas book, and $9 million loss in improve transportation gas supply obligation. The bulk of this $9 million loss from the capacity we hold on the aligned pipeline, which was released November of this year will not impact earnings or cash flow going forward.  Slide 12 summarizes the balance of our 2007 hedge program. In short, the remaining program includes 58 TBtu with an average floor price of $7.68 per MMBtu and an average ceiling price of $11.25 per MMBtu on 36 TBtu. We have a negligible amount of our oil production hedged in 2007. Year-to-date we've received a referenced over $160 million in settlements from our 2007 hedge program, most of which are showing up in the E&P segment, pro forma higher realized prices.  We continue to monitor the natural gas market and during the quarter, we added to our 2008 hedge program bringing the total amount hedge for 2008 up to 137 TBtu and an average floor $7.92 per MMBtu and an average ceiling of $10.06 per MMBtu. To put us in context at the beginning of 2007, we had 222 TBtu hedged attributable to the 2007 production plans. Based on our current '08 hedge positions, with more than 61% of that amount hedged, that the amount we hedged in 2007 from 2008, and we will continue to be opportunistic in our hedge program, throughout the rest of this year and into 2008, for the goal of providing downside protection and leaving a significant amount of upside for our shareholders.  Slide 13 provides a quick update where we are with the formation of our IPO of our pipeline MLP, which we have named El Paso Pipeline Partners. Since we filed our registration statement with the SEC, we are in a quiet period and cannot discuss the MLP to any great extent as Doug mentioned. The current status is that we have received two sets of comments from the SEC and filed a third amendment yesterday and were currently working with SEC to finalize the registration and expect to complete the IPO in the fourth quarter of this year.  The efforts this year to restore balance sheet continued to manifest themselves in our financial results which are highlighted on slide 14. We finished the quarter with net debt totaling $12.6 billion which reflects the Peoples acquisition and over the next six months we expect our debt level to drop sharply with the MLP IPO proceeds and the sale of the E&P properties in the first quarter. As we discussed earlier interest expense is down 22% compared to last year and we have completed the liability management program in resulting activities result and associated activities resulted from the NR sale, In addition we upsized our revolver at the E&P company $1 billion dollars and extended its maturity to 2012. We also upsized our unsecured LC facility from $150 million to $500 million as of today, with very attractive rates despite the rocky credit markets this quarter.  Also given the financings we have already completed in our current maturity profile, we don't anticipate the need to access the debt capital markets until well into next year.  So with that, I will turn it over to Jim Yardley who will put some more color on the pipeline results. 
James Yardley - President Pipeline Group:  Thanks Mark, on slide 16 the Pipeline Group had a strong third quarter. Financially our EBIT results were excellent up 9% from last year's third quarter. Operationally we continue to see very solid volume growth across our pipes. On the regulatory front we received final approval from FERC on our EPNG rate case settlement, which is a major settlement. We also received FERC certificates on both the Southeast Supply Header Pipeline and on our next expansion on Elba Island together with the related Elba Express offtake pipeline. And we continue to make significant progress in advancing our $2 billion backlog of expansion projects.  Slide17 on the financials; another excellent quarter EBIT was up $22 million compared to the third quarter 2006 and year-to-date up $72 million or 8% verses 2006 year-to-date. Nearly all the increase in the third quarter EBIT was due to higher revenues primarily expansions on TGP, CIG and SNG and from increased capacity sales realization and throughput.  Capital expenditures were higher in this year's third quarter versus last year's primarily due to greater spending on various growth projects. And throughput as you can see was up significantly in the next chart, on chart on slide 18 looks at this more closely. So, on slide 18, the increased throughput year-to-date is driven by both supplier-related and demand-related activities.  On the supply side, in the Rockies CIG, Wyoming Interstate and Cheyenne Plains all benefited from a continued and substantial increase in Rockies production. Also from our Piceance expansion project on WIC.  On the demand side in the east, we've seen significantly higher power generation loads on both SNG and TGP. This was somewhat due to a warmer summer and the drought in the southeast. But also simply the increased utilization of gas-fired plants that capture most of the underlying growth in electricity demand. Also on the demand side CIG benefited from the colder weather in the first quarter along the front ridge. So, in total throughput is up nicely, year-to-date 6%.  On slide 19 this was a little more color on our over $2 billion backlog of committed growth projects. Projects that we have firmly in hand and there all essentially fully contracted long term. This slides schedules up the project backlog by expected in service day over the next few years, and a couple of comments on the slide, first, we've been very active and successful this year in placing projects and services. We now completed five growth projects in 2007 including TGP Northeast ConneXion New England expansion, which went into service last week, right on time to meet increased winter heating demand. I will speak further about this project in just a minute.  So these five completed projects might drop other backlog, backlog remains over $2 billion as Doug said, because we have been successful in landing additional new business, signed long-term preceding agreements to support further expansions. The new projects on this list are, large SNG SESH system three project for southern company, the TGP Carthage project for Entergy and the WIC Medicine Bow Expansion.  Second I think you can see that our growth is varied and diverse. We have expansion projects on our pipes across the country, some are demand related either for power gens or the LDC market and some are driven by supply. Out of the Rockies, Deepwater Gulf or LNG related. The commonality across these projects is that they are all primarily straight forward expansions or extensions of our existing infrastructure. So, we have been busy in 2007, executing on this project backlog moving projects the regulatory approval and constructions. But you see we remained very busy throughout 2008 and 2009 and beyond, construction is underway on several of these projects listed including our 2010 Elba Expansion project. We just program here to build our fifth tank class month, immediately after we received FERC certificate in September.  Let me emphasize again on this chart what Doug said upfront. This slide shows our committed projects only, those for which have binding long-term preceding agreement with customers. We have numerous other growth projects under development for which we do not yet have PAs. These projects under development are a varied group, some are small bolt-on expansions of our existing pipes, some are very large, and they are all across the country and will have new for you soon on some of them.  On slide 20, on each of the last two quarterly calls we have highlighted particular growth projects, on the first quarter call, we reviewed the Citrus, pipeline to North Florida, and then the Kanda Lateral project in the Rockies last quarter. Today we discussed two projects on TGP, our Deepwater Link project in the Gulf, and our ConneXion New England project. The Deepwater Link project shown here is TGP shallow water ConneXion from the Independents Trail Pipeline into TGP. Independents Trail runs from the deepwater Independents Hub up to the shallow water, and the Independents Hub platform is located in 8000 feet of water in Mississippi Canyon approximately 200 miles, Southeast of New Orleans. It's the deepest water producing platform in the world. Through Independents Trail NTGPs Deepwater Link, the Hub is solely connected to TGP. Gas began flowing in mid July and has ramped up steadily to approximately 700 MMcf per day now, and is expected to reach approximately 1 Bcf a day by the end of the year, all flowing into TGP. So it's a lot of gas supply for the TGP system primarily moving up our 500 line and the projects strategically positions TGP to capitalize on future deepwater developments in the Eastern Gulf.  On slide 21; at the other end of the TGP system, we have just placed in service our ConneXion New England Expansion project. All of the expansion capacity has been fully subscribed under long-term contracts primarily by subsidiaries of national grid and energy east. The expansion facilities include additional compression at seven compressive stations, six existing ones and one new one, a total of 55,000 horsepower of additional compression. The project was placed in service November 1 which is actually one year ahead of the original schedule anticipated by our customers and by us. We were able to advance the in-service state by deciding early on in the development process and a close coordination with our customers to order the compressor units prior to having regulatory approvals. In combination with an accelerated installation effort, we successfully advanced the project a year for the benefit of our customers.  This project is typical of many of our midsized expansion projects across our pipes. It's a straightforward expansion of existing pipeline. It's fully subscribed long term with high quality customers placed in service timely to meet market needs and providing good solid returns for El Paso.  In summary on slide 22, our pipelines continue to deliver and we remain on track for another great year. We are executing on our $2 billion of committed growth projects and we have more under development.  And with that I'll turn it over to Brent on E&P. 
Brent J. Smolik - President El Paso Exploration & Production:  Thanks Jim and good morning everyone. I want to begin by taking a moment to briefly reflect on the past year, since I arrived at El Paso. Our E&P business has improved substantially and I want thank the entire E&P organization for their hard work and their commitment.  In just four quarters we have improved the consistency and the predictability of our performance. And we are on track to meet our 2007 goals. We further matured our organizational capability which is reflected in our activity levels and in our results, and we began the year focused on high grading our portfolio. In the first half of the year, the E&P team worked hard to determine where we were advantaged and where we are not, and which let us to the divestures that we announced in August into the acquisition of Peoples Energy, and then finally we have advanced our projects in Brazil and Egypt. These achievements are all consistent with our overarching goal that we set to improve our credibility, visibility and our capability as an organization. So let's look at the quarter results on slide 24.  We produced about 850 million a day and including our proportionate share at Four Star, which is a 5% increase over Q3 of '06 and through nine months we are up about 7% compared to last year, and we are on-track to meet our full-year production guidance. Our capital program is also on target for the year. It is about $1.7 billion excluding the Peoples acquisition and we are holding our capital flat despite some delays and some overruns in the Gulf of Mexico and in Brazil. Now I am proud of the fact that we have executed on our capital plans in a tough market. It took a lot of hard work by many people in the organization, including the 220 new employees that we have hired in E&P this year and that number includes the peoples and employees that have just joined us at the beginning of the fourth quarter. We delivered strong unit costs, unit cash costs performance in Q3 and the quarter was a big one for our portfolio high grading efforts.  Finally we made significant progress in Brazil and I will update you on both of our exploratory projects in just a moment. In total, E&P continued to deliver on our commitments and if you move to slide 25, you can see the E&P segment reported third quarter EBIT as, Doug, pointed out of $232 million which is a 65% increase over last year, that increase is primarily due to the replaces higher realize prices, lower cost, and higher volumes. Our gas hedges have generated a significant amount incremental margin this year and they added about $1.19 per Mcfe to our realized price in the quarter. CapEx for the quarter excluding acquisitions was $349 million, where we also booked just over $880 million for the acquisition of Peoples. And as I mentioned earlier, our production unit cost are both highlights, our production and unit cost are highlights for the quarter, and I'll review both of those in a bit more detail. But virtually every metric of our performance improved versus a year ago.  Slide 26 shows a breakdown of volumes by region for the past five quarters. As expected for the third quarter, production was down a bit from the second quarter but only slightly and again versus the first nine months of 2006, volumes were up about 7%. All our domestic divisions grew compared to last year's 3Q. Onshore continued its strong performance at $423 million a day for the quarter. This is down slightly from the second quarter, but that was largely due to a decline in our non-operated Four Star joint venture. The onshore division is showing the ability to increase activity levels over the past several quarters, and has doubled production over the last three years. Sales taxes grew about 12% compared to the third quarter of '06. This is due to the acquisition that we completed in January in sales taxes and then we... in our better expect performance in Thomson and Jeffery's fields. The Gulf of Mexico volumes improved about 8% versus last years 3Q and slightly exceeded our expectations for the quarter. As we said before the Gulf of Mexico volume should normally be in about the $175 million to $200 million a day range, and they are back down to that level now and will remain that for the remainder of the year. So in total the fourth quarter we expect to produce about $840 million a day or above on our existing assets, plus remember we will add the Peoples volumes of roughly $70 million a day.  Slide 27 shows our cash cost components for the quarter compared to prior periods. As we have stated all year at cost, both expense and capital are major focus for the company and a key part of us becoming a top tier E&P Company. In Q3 our total unit cost, cash costs were $1.77 per Mcfe which continued our trend of improvement throughout the year. Lifting costs were about $0.83 in the quarter, that's a decrease of 13% from last year's average and an improvement due really to the continued focused on LOE, lower hurricane related cost and to a decrease in our work over expenses. Our G&A unit costs were $0.64, that's a decrease of about $0.02 from last quarter. But we expect our run rate to be a bit higher on a going forward basis on unit cost basis. Now remember versus 2006, approximately half of that G&A increase is related to restructuring of our marketing support functions and moving many of the marketing employees to the E&P Company.  The other portion of the increase is primarily related to higher staffing levels in general as we increase our drilling and activity levels. We expect total cash costs for the year to be in the $1.85 to $1.95 range, again right in line with the targets that we set for ourselves at the beginning of the year.  Turning to slide 28, our activity levels are also on track for the year. We have drilled about 542 gross wells for the first nine months of the year and we have achieved a 98% success rate. Overall, our drilling results have been on target in terms of success rate with the exception of our Gulf of Mexico South Louisiana division, and there our success rate on new drill wells is 418 for the first nine months. However, we still have the fourth quarter to go and we already know that we will have a few more successes like on the second well that West Cameron 75 for example. Our long-term track record on new drills in the division is being closer to 70% success. So it maybe a couple of wells off of that historical success record by year end.  Also we are happy with... very happy with the success in Brazil and Pinaúna expiration wells, where we had a lot of difficulty drilling those wells and they took longer and therefore cost us more than we had planned. The activity there, the rig is essentially complete and will be demobbed this week. We have captured a number of key learnings from that program. You learn a lot when you drill tough wells like that and we will integrate those learnings into the field development program, when we go forward with that drilling. Our capital drilling program for the year is complete in many of the project areas and we are actively planning for our 2008 programs, some of which will begin ramping up later this year.  Turning to slide 29, one of the biggest achievements for the third quarter was advancing our portfolio high grading efforts. We closed the Peoples acquisition of September 28th and it was important for us to get started quickly on those properties. We have spent about six weeks in the pre-closing period, planning the integration, and we had an integration team ready to go as soon as we closed. The integration activities are well underway across the board in our operations area and in the administrative back-office functions.  Because of the efforts of our E&P organization, we will be largely completed with the integration by year-end. Operationally we are maintaining the combined pre-deal activity levels as we had planned and unfortunately we've retained most of the Peoples employees and we are happy to have their skills and experience on the El Paso team. Well we are also making progress on our planned divesture activities. Our intend is to market the Gulf of Mexico, South Texas and various onshore properties separately and we believe that strategy allows us to maintain the flexibility that we need and to customize the packages to fit the logical buyers for each of those areas. We hope to receive bids by year end and to close by the end of Q1, 2008. In total, we expect to sell up to about 300 Bs [ph] of reserves which is higher than we have previously announced. But that's the same set of assets, we have just now updated the reserves in inventory for our 2007 activities.  Internationally, we also announced last quarter that we are selling down 50% of our Pinaúna project. That process in still underway with bids due also before the end of the year. The timing of that closing will be dependent on government approvals, but we hope to have the sale completed by the first half of 2008. So, let's turn to a brief update on the Brazilian exploration beginning on slide 30.  First the Pinaúna project, I trust that you all saw yesterday's announcement that we drilled two successful exploration wells at Pinaúna. Like I said the drilling was challenging and time consuming but the good news is that we have extended the original field limits with those wells. The Cacau-1 well oil as we expected and we confirmed that with core data and we just completed testing the Açaí well and that well tested gas and condensate from the top of the Açaí structure, it rates over 10 million a day which were limited by the test equipment that we had on location.  We are evaluating the test results and we are also evaluating the possible development scenarios for the field. And based on our earlier assessment, we now believe that the entire field area contains up to about 90 million barrels of all equivalent, which includes the 12 million barrels of crude reserves that we currently have booked. No doubt knowing our final development plan at this time, it's hard to predict the timings of first oil, but it's likely to be sometime in late 2008 or early 2009.  Turning the slide 31, I would also like to update you on the Bia project. As you know, the 168 well was a delineation well that followed Petrobras's discovery. The 164 well to the south on their 100% owned block. In the May release, Petrobras noted that we had encountered roughly 130 meters of gas bearing sand in the 168 well, we've just finished drilling and testing that well in September and then we jointly agreed to drill an additional delineation well to the north, the 177 well which is about 3 kilometers further north in order to further evaluate the structure. The rig began drilling in September. It has already penetrated the top of the objective section which came in structurally higher than we had mapped. And it will take a few more weeks to finish and drilling... finish drilling and then some additional time if we choose to test the well. We are thrilled with our Bia and our Pinaúna exploration success in Brazil. It speaks to the potential of our exploration program here and as a reminder we got about 25 undrilled prospects, in various stages of maturation in Brazil.  So, moving to slide 32, we are obviously pleased with our third quarter E&P performance and with our performance over the past year. We delivered another strong quarter of production performance, which keeps us on track to deliver our full year guidance. The capital program is on plan and we expect some improvement at our cash cost and we achieved those and that will remain a key priority going forward.  We have made tremendous progress on our portfolio high grading efforts by adding the right kinds of assets to our inventory, and by advancing our divesture process and then finally, we've had significant exploration success now at Brazil. So, our third quarter performance like our performance in the past several quarters should hopefully give you some comfort and confidence that El Paso E&P is moving in the right direction.  So, now I would like to turn back to Doug for closing comments. 
Doug Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Thanks Brent. Let me close this morning by saying that we expect fast a furious finish to 2007. First the MLP is important to us both tactically and strategically and we working to clear the SEC and get out on the road to tell our story as soon we came.  We also expect to have another good quarter in the fourth quarter both financially and operationally. When we do it will complete the fifth consecutive year of improved earnings. Over that time, we've trimmed down to two businesses, resolved a multitude of legacy issues and fixed our balance sheet. We talk a lot internally about the value of having that phase behind us. But the following statistics really put into perspective the job that has been done by our staff.  During that five-year period, we sold $16.5 billion worth of assets and closed an average of 5 transactions a month for 60 months. That's to me is still a stunning statistic. So when we talk about having management time freed up to think about growth it's real. It's one thing to have the financial flexibility and the time to accommodate growth though and quite another to deliver it sustainably. We think, we are beginning to do just that. Our opportunity backlog has grown both organically and through acquisition in each of two core businesses. In E&P its been through a combination of acquisitions, successful exploration, success at lead sales and a normal process of portfolio management. In the Pipes, it's has been organic driven by a combination of a solid macro environment for gas, the need to reform the nation's infrastructure and a competitively well positioned footprint as the nation's largest interstate pipeline company.  We have built what we think is the best quality backlog in the industry and we are not finished. We look forward to adding to that backlog as we finish out the year. So, we look forward to a very strong finish to the year and to getting a running start to the New Year. And with that we are happy to open it up to your questions this morning.  Question And Answer 
Operator:  [Operator instructions]. Your first question comes from Shini Augustini [ph] at UBS Securities. 
Unidentified Analyst:  Good morning guys. Just a couple of quick questions here, just with respect to the Pinaúna, press release that you put out yesterday and so forth, you are taking it upto 90 MMBOE from 37 and so forth. You've talked about this opportunity, exceeding 100 on a resource potential basis or I guess on the three peak type of number. Has that been updated as well to you or you thinking that it can exceed to 200 may be even 250 on a go forward basis? 
Doug Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer:  No, that's really where we getting out with the 90. We discovered hydrocarbons in both of the two wells and both of the two structures that we tested to the south. But the columns weren't as big as big as the high side that we had predrilled, and then the second structure tested gas, at the top of that structure. So, when we remap it and recalculate the volumes the range now goes up to about 90 total. 
Unidentified Analyst:  Okay, you'd mentioned that you are sort of wrapping up the drilling program for this year. On the Analyst Day you said that you are looking to drill 650 wells in '07 including 23 in the high-risk category. How do you expect the end of the year to shape out of this on a go forward basis? 
Doug Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer:  We will be very close to that number. The only exception maybe that we had a few non-operated CBM wells, that are operated they are in Wyoming and we have couple of our own tail end of our CBM programs in Black Warrior and Raton. But other than that on a gross well count, we will be very close, what we started the year at, what we forecasted. 
Unidentified Analyst:  Okay and you'd mentioned 300 Bcfe is kind of the reserve number. What is the daily production number that you are looking to sell between... 
Doug Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer:  What we talked about on the divestures is that, we are selling up to 120 million a day of '07 production, and then a total of all three packages. 
Unidentified Analyst:  Okay. And just one final question on the Pipeline segment, Exxon [ph] noted on its conference call that more Pipe is needed to get gas out of the Rockies and so forth and they are looking to back projects. Is that of interest to you and do we see a resurrection of some of the other projects that have been shelled in the past? 
James Yardley - President Pipeline Group:  I think its safe. I think its safe to say that we have been looking at Rockies takeaway projects for some time and this goes back at least a year but as we... and so I think its common knowledge know that looking at the macro and flair production there is need for additional takeaway capacity above and beyond Rex and say that 2011 and 2012 timeframe. There are a number of thoughts directionally as to where the additional pipe capacity up ahead. One of the things that has struck us for a while is that in addition to the need for additional takeaway capacity out of the Rockies. If you look at the California market and the macro there, you could make a case study that they probably need additional capacity over the course of the next 10 years, especially with Canadian gas falling of a little bit. So, I think we are clearly in the hunt and I think we will have some more news on this over the course of the next several weeks. 
Unidentified Analyst:  Okay great. Thank you very much. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Faisel Khan of Citigroup. 
Faisel Khan - Citigroup:  Good morning. 
Doug Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Hi Faisel. 
Faisel Khan - Citigroup:  How are you doing? Just want to understand on some of the major drivers of your cash cost coming down. I think you talked about kind of lower work over work activity, but, can you talk about how this... talk with the sustainability of those lower cash cost going forward? 
Mark Leland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Yes, if you go back to the beginning of the year, the first quarter was a little higher because we get some of the front-end loading of our G&A, where we have seen us work that down over course of the year. Our operating expenses have two components in are the LOE pieces of it, that we don't have some the hurricane expenses last year, so that's permanent. 
Faisel Khan - Citigroup:  Okay. 
Mark Leland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  And then in third quarter we had a little less work over expenses, but that will come back over time a little bit and then on the third quarter, we also got a benefit in there, because we had some lower severance taxes that's not always good, because I mean likely lower prices, but we also thought and got some credits for lower severance taxes and we won't always get those credits every quarter. So I think of the run rate the $1.77 was outstanding quarter and I think the run rate is closer to the 180 to 190 range. 
Faisel Khan - Citigroup:  Okay. And that includes kind of your estimates of a consolidating your new operations from the peoples operations? 
Mark Leland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Yes. 
Faisel Khan - Citigroup:  Okay. 
Doug Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer:  For this year 
Mark Leland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Yes for the fourth quarter. 
Faisel Khan - Citigroup:  Okay. If you remind us how much the volumes for peoples is going to contribute on a go forward basis. 
Mark Leland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  When we acquire that we were in $70 million a day range and we were pretty to close to that range today around $70 million. We'd expect that to grow as we go forward, just like we expect our base assets to grow, but its about 70 today. 
Faisel Khan - Citigroup:  Okay, on your onshore volumes it look like sequentially there is a little bit a dip in onshore volumes. Can you just talk about what happen over there? 
Mark Leland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Yes, it was largely our Four Star interest, some of that's just a base decline in that joint venture. We report those separately and disclosures is about, if you look inside of that, it was largely Four Star and then inside of Four Star, some of that was base decline and then some of that was just some out of period adjustments that hit us have to be negative for that quarter. So they compounded with the base decline. So I think the onshore business is still solid and will expect that determine on going forward. 
Faisel Khan - Citigroup:  Okay, so on a... but if I know you report the Four Star volumes below, kind of onshore volumes separately. But if I look at the onshore gas volumes for the quarter versus the last quarter, they look like they came down about 7 million cubic feet a day. 
Unidentified Company Representative:  Yes, and they was catered and they was small bids little later our response in the return were showing up and they are showing up today. Little, a fewer completions here and there in South Texas and East Texas. All things that we see coming back on in the fourth quarter. 
Faisel Khan - Citigroup:  Okay. And so one last question, on the pipeline side equation, you talked about the strength in the quarter coming from increased gas power generation. Are you seeing that that was more a result of customers signing up more from transportation or is that more interruptible capacity? 
James Yardley - President Pipeline Group:  A lot of it was just the power plants running and being able to serve them and so we pick up either commodity revenue within FT, we pick up interruptible transportation if they don't have firm, park and loan as well. So it's from variety of haves, but it's all related to power gens running at a higher level. 
Faisel Khan - Citigroup:  Okay. And you also talked about how California was a growing power generation market. If I remember right, there was a lot turn back capacity on the California leg of the EPNG line. I know you have lot of growth in the East of California stuff, but is there opportunities to export more gas on the...into California with some of the open capacity I turned back a long time ago? 
James Yardley - President Pipeline Group:  The picture in California... California is probably about a 6 Bcf a day market and it gets about half of its gas through EPNG and TW coming across the South West and then another quarter of current and probably another quarter or so coming down from Canada, but... so Canada is likely to decline in volumes of making further opportunities for EPNG and TW. At the same time across EPNG the growth in the East of California markets is substantial, so that even without a lot of demand growth in California, we see the value of EPNG capacity probably increasing overtime. Put on top of that further increase in demand in California and we think they need additional capacity beyond that. 
Faisel Khan - Citigroup:  Okay, thanks for the time. 
James Yardley - President Pipeline Group:  Yes. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Carl Kirst of Credit Suisse Securities. 
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse:  Hi, good morning everybody. 
James Yardley - President Pipeline Group:  Hi Carl. 
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse:  Brent, can you break out the 300 these [ph] into the three packages? 
Brent J. Smolik - President El Paso Exploration & Production:  No, Carl, I never have that in front of me, we have got those teasers out publicly though, they are starting to point to those for the public. 
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse:  Fair enough, I'll take a look at that. 
Brent J. Smolik - President El Paso Exploration & Production:  Okay. 
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse:  Let me... I just want to make sure, I'm clear on there values numbers on we are looking to 90 million barrels of kind resource potential, correct me if I am wrong, where we were thinking prior. Is that we had 12 million barrels approved, 25 million that were kind of non-approved but what you guys weren't really risk adjusting because you were pretty sure they were there. Then there were this 100 million of resource potential that was being risk adjusted at 34%. And so, I am trying to kind of take that to where we are today and perhaps may be the question is of the revised 90 and perhaps what may be what you are telling the final bidders. What are you seeing as the breakdown between kind of the approved the probable and the resource because I believe those breakdowns were in the fusers that were out there? 
Brent J. Smolik - President El Paso Exploration & Production:  Yes, so I had... actually its filed as project that had [indiscernible], book and a mean of about 37 that we used to sanction that project is really unchanged, and if anything maybe have gone a little better, because we have learned more about the rocks. In that full range it gets it up to 90, would be... with the resource that we think we have identified in the southern two structures. And that's exactly how we laid out to the prospective buyers as we'll show them what... they have got all the data already as a matter of fact and we are in the process of having one on one with itself. It's really unchanged that the Pinaúna development project was some upside from the two southern structures. 
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse:  Okay, now that's helpful and I guess from the comments you said earlier, you not yet have an update for the capital, the development cost I guess we had them taking the 400 million range it looks like that it can some upward bias on that? 
Brent J. Smolik - President El Paso Exploration & Production:  We haven't updated that yet and really the only... if you remember about the only uncertainties we had were the top sides. And if we thought we had a much bigger oil case with that to expand the top side, and that's part of what we evaluate now. We look at the development concepts since we found some gas on the top of the SAE structure and we will see before you had to adjust the top sides. But really the rest of the infrastructure wont change, the two platforms and pipelines and that certainly won't change. 
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse:  Okay. And juts the last question on that, I know it kind of sounds we got off little bit of delay maybe into it, but with final bids still being expected in the fourth quarter understand, you are going back and forth on that right now. Is it possible that we could have an announcement as early as year end or is that even an announcement is not likely until perhaps early '08? 
James Yardley - President Pipeline Group:  It's possible, I mean that's the timeline that we have talked about probably as bids do in December. And so we just got to see when we get and remember we are selling up to the certain percentage and a discovered, but not yet developed project. And so depending on how confirming or non-confirming the bids come in, to see El Paso can work through it. Yes, it's across our time line that we are working off right now, 
Doug Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Carl, I would say it's possible that it could be December [ph] could easily flop our into the first month of '08. 
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse:  All right Okay, enough, fair enough and then on, on the third well being... 
Unidentified Company Representative:  If everything goes well and you chose tested... 
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse:  What's the timing, that we might hear evaluation date on that. Is that also kind of a January-type of event or could that, could that also fall into 2007? 
James Yardley - President Pipeline Group:  Remember that, we always have to work through Petrobras, who have the larger share of it, in the operator. So, they control the announcement on every,...on those project. But I think right now we are drilling, we are drilling the well we will finish it up soon, we may or may not test it. Because we've already tested two wells on the structure. But, we will agree that technically, and then based on that timing would be the, that would effective to us. So could be early December could roll into January depending on testing. If we release anything as a partnership. 
Unidentified Company Representative:  And Petrobras may decide to keep it tight. 
James Yardley - President Pipeline Group:  Right, if we release anything as partnership. 
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse:  Okay. Fair, fair enough, last question and I will jump back in the queue here. But this is just more of a 30000 foot conceptual with Tennessee because you had the great plateau on independence and what that going on. Certainly as a whole though, Gulf of Mexico, gas production kind of continues to decline. We are now down into the 7 plus Bcf a day range, I mean as you guys sort of look out to the future TGP at least from that Gulf Coast, Header System over the next five years, I mean what are your thoughts to maintaining the volume integrity or there are some other things that can be done helping you to tap in the LNG. Can you touch on that a little bit? 
James Yardley - President Pipeline Group:  Sure, so the general...generally flat to declining Gulf of Mexico overall. But at the same time LNG is going to be coming in there, with the new rig gas terminals being built. They tend to be located more towards the western gulf than eastern gulf, the footprint of Tennessee stretches mainly from the Central Louisiana eastward I guess, I think you may have seen the announcement that we just made concerning our buyout of Columbia Gulf Share of the Bluewater System that we have jointly owned together with NiSource over the course of many years, that will help us on Tennessee do a couple of things, move gas that already is on our 800 line over to the 500 line west to east.  The 500 line is much more fuel efficient. But then secondly as gas does come on through the LNG projects it also will help us move gas from west to east. 
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse:  Is there anyway to secure that gas from the LNG facilities, is going making the TGP versus any of the other long haul pipe [ph]? 
James Yardley - President Pipeline Group:  No, it will be...we will be competing with others. But I think that we are well positioned to get our share. 
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse:  Fair enough. Thanks guys. 
James Yardley - President Pipeline Group:  Thank you Carl. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Eric Lambrecht of Citadel. 
Unidentified Analyst:  Hey guys, glad to see that the...you guys are main targets on the E&P side consistently, just what to know, you guys and when we believe this company is not trading at its fair value and discount to the some of the parts. And with cash coming in from the pending MLP and your credit statistics at, your credit statistics improving to a level they have been at in quite some time. Now, I just wanted to understand how you are thinking about share buybacks and don't share buyback make sense as a way to amplify the other investments that you are making. 
Mark Leland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Yes couple of things. One is remember that we have already made the decision for what we are going to do, at the RTF proceeds and we don't, I don't anticipate that changing and that is that the IPO proceed will go to debt reduction. We have also been pretty public about the fact, that in the future. Just generally but specifically with regard to the MLP for the first time in 5 or 6 years we have every arrow in our quiver and so we will be very I think opportunistic about. How we use proceeds from future dropdown, should we choose to do that? And it will be fact specific, one thing you cant ignore though is that we as an industry are in the midst of kind of a once in a career build out of infrastructure in the U.S.. We expect to get our fair share of that, so we see growth capital.  Good growth capital opportunities in the pipeline and on the E&P side of our business. So, we will weigh those against the incremental value of share repurchases and debt reduction and dividend changes. 
Unidentified Analyst:  Okay. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mark Quiso [ph] at Millennium. 
Unidentified Analyst:  Good morning guys. Just quick clarification questions as far as the Pinaúna goes. The $90 million if I recall is just one of the sections you guys are marketing and second section is that correct....package? 
Brent J. Smolik - President El Paso Exploration & Production:  Yes, actually it's the entire block. It's hard to carve those blocks in an international concession, we are marking the block and up on the northern end that it is an older discovery called Cameral. It will go with it. 
Unidentified Analyst:  But those the reserve associated with that are independent of the Pinaúna number that put out today? 
Brent J. Smolik - President El Paso Exploration & Production:  Yes, all we have been talking about today is the greater Pinaúna area, the discovered development project and the two structures just south... 
Unidentified Analyst:  Got you. And then as far the year goes, how... I know Petrobras recently how are you guys are handling situation where this could be more material for you than for them as far as releasing data. Is you are at their mercy if it becomes a material event for you and you would be required put out an 8-K? 
Brent J. Smolik - President El Paso Exploration & Production:  No the relationship is good. We can work with them on things that we need to announce and just when we jointly agreed that it's time to talk about it. We will get something else. The materiality of the project to them is.....if you think about it, they are hungry for gas in country and they are looking at how do they increase gas production indigenously. And so I think the project would be significant enough for them, that will keep it moving forward and we keep the news and with that. 
Unidentified Analyst:  Got you, great. Thanks so much. 
Doug Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer:  We will need to end the call at this point. The factor is, we had an hold about two minutes and courtesy there, we will do that. But we appreciate you joined us and call back if you have further questions. 
Operator:  This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating, you may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-08-08 10:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Bruce L. Connery - VP of Investor and Public Relations   Douglas L. Foshee - President and CEO   D. Mark Leland - EVP and CFO   James C. Yardley - President, Southern Pipeline Group   Brent J. Smolik - President El Paso Exploration & Production Company 
Analysts: Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse   Richard Gross - Lehman Brothers   Faisel Khan - Citigroup   Carol Coale - Sanders Morris Harris   Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities   Rebecca Followill - Pickering Energy Partners 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tia and I will be the conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the El Paso Corporation Second Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you.  I'll now turn the call over to Mr. Bruce Connery. Sir, please go ahead. 
Bruce L. Connery - Vice President of Investor and Public Relations: Good morning and thank you for joining our call. In just a moment I'll turn the call over to Doug Foshee, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Others joining us on the participating on the call this morning are Mark Leland, our CFO; Jim Yardley, President of the Pipeline Group; and Brent Smolik, President of El Paso Exploration and Production.  Throughout this call, we will be referring to slides; they are available on our website at elpaso.com. This morning we issued a press release and filed it with the SEC as an 8-K and it is also on our website. During today's call we will include forward-looking statements and projections made in reliance on the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company has made every reasonable effort to ensure that the information and assumptions on which these statements and projections are based are current, reasonable, and complete. However, a variety of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the projections, anticipated results, or other expectations expressed in this call. Those factors are identified under the cautionary statement regarding "forward-looking statements" section of the earnings press release as well as other SEC filings; and you should refer to them.  The company assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements made during this conference call or any other forward-looking statements made by the company whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  Please note that during the call we will use non-GAAP numbers such as EBIT and EBITDA, and we have included a reconciliation of all non-GAAP numbers in the appendix to our presentation.  Also, during this call we will talk about our proposed MLP. Nothing we say today shall constitute an offer to sale or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. Any offers, solicitations of offers to buy or any sales of securities will be made only in accordance with the registration requirement of the Securities Act of 1933 or an exemption there from. Our comments today are pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 135 under the Securities Act of 1933. Now I'll turn the call over to Doug. 
Douglas L. Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Bruce and welcome to our second quarter call. I am going to keep my comments brief this morning. In short, we had a very strong second quarter. In fact, operationally, it was the best quarter we've had in now almost 4 years that I have been with El Paso. Both businesses performed very well in the quarter and both are on target to meet our commitments to you for the year.  In E&P, work continues on three exciting wells in Brazil which Brent will talk more about and which we expect to report on more fully during the third quarter. We are also announcing today a portfolio high grade in E&P. We alluded to this back in February and we are now moving forward with it. Jim and his group continue to move our pipeline growth story forward with close to a project a month coming on stream the rest of the year, new projects added to the backlog, and more projects coming.  Underpinning our operations is strong natural gas price support for 2007 and now more into 2008. And finally, we continue to move forward on our MLP which we expect an IPO in the fourth quarter. As we've now gone in to the quiet period and since our General Counsel is standing over my shoulder with a piece of duct tape put over my mouth, we are limited in our comments, but I can say that it's expected to be larger than we stated back in February, and it will include interest in several of our Pipeline assets. And with that, I am going to turn the call over this morning to Mark. 
D. Mark Leland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you Doug and good morning. I am starting on slide 7 titled financial results. This quarter we are reporting earnings of $156 million or $0.22 per diluted share. Consolidated EBIT was $470 million, up 7% from the same period last year driven by strong operating performance by both our Pipeline and E&P groups. Second quarter 2007 EBIT also included an $86 million debt repurchase charge.  Interest expense was $231 million, which was down from $316 million in the second quarter of last year, reflecting the significant debt reduction realized this year. Our effective income tax rate for the quarter was a little over 29% compared to a 10% benefit in last year's quarter, which included several favorable tax adjustments. So, in short, we had a very strong quarter despite the debt repurchase costs and higher income tax expense.  There were two items impacting earnings this quarter, which are highlighted on slide 8. The largest of the two was the $86 million pre-tax or $0.08 per share loss from that the debt repurchase costs associated with debt we retired at our E&P subsidiary. I will provide a little bit of more color on our financial activities later in my remarks.  Also affecting this quarter's earning is the $9 million pretax or $0.01 per share gain on the puts and calls in the marketing segment used to hedge E&P cash flows. This gain is due to lower quarter-end gas prices and is primarily associated with the $7.50 per MMBtu puts we purchased last fall. Adjusting for the debt repurchase expense and the gain on the production hedges gives us an adjusted EPS of $0.29 per share, which puts us well on track to meet our full year earnings targets.  Slide 9 highlights business unit contribution. On a combined basis, our core Pipeline and E&P businesses generated $833 million of EBITDA versus combined CapEx of $613 million. EBITDA consists of EBIT plus DD&A, as you can see on slide 9.  Marketing and trading recorded EBIT of $5 million, and I will provide a little more detail on this in a minute. Power EBITDA was $16 million, which benefited from favorable Brazilian currency exchange rates this quarter. Excluding the debt repurchase costs, corporate EBIT was a loss of $13 million, which is primarily driven by increases in environmental remediation reserves on certain legacy sites.  As you know, one of our important pipeline investments is our 50% interest in Florida Gas Transmission, which is held by Citrus Corp. This is accounted for as an equity investment and as such we include only our 50% share of Citrus net income in our EBIT and EBITDA calculation. That reflects Citrus result after interest expense and income taxes, adjusting to reflect our proportional share of Citrus EBITDA for the second quarter brings Pipeline Group adjusted EBITDA to $445 million versus the $409 million in the table.  Many of you just look at EBITDA as a more comparable performance measure for wholly owned Pipeline systems. The difference in valuation between using equity income versus our share of Citrus EBITDA and subtracting 50% of Citrus debt is a little more than $1 per share assuming a 10 times multiple on 2006 earnings.  There is no question this is a more accurate valuation and we will continue to provide you this information on a quarterly basis. There is a chart in the appendix that provides all the relevant details for the adjusted EBITDA calculations.  Now turning to slide 10 on cash flow. For the first six month of this year, cash flow from operations was $865 million, which represents a $552 million improvement over the first quarter of 2007. The quarter-over-quarter improvement was primarily driven by strong operating results.  For the first six months ended June 2006, cash flow from operations was just over $1.4 billion, driven by nearly $700 million return of margin collateral, primarily from asset sales and from cash flow from the ANR operations. Excluding these items from 2006 highlights the much improved cash generation in 2007. CapEx for the first six months of the year was $1.4 billion and we paid $75 million in dividends.  Now before we turn to updates on the Pipeline and E&P group, I am going to give a brief overview of marketing results and an update on our hedge positions and financing activity for the quarter.  Slide 11 details earnings from the Marketing segments, which recorded EBIT of $5 million versus EBIT of $13 million last year. The primary drivers of this quarter's EBIT are $9 million marl-to-market gain on the production-related derivatives, a $15 million marl-to-market loss on our prior book including a $40 million loss related the changes in the fair value of our PJM capacity obligations driven by changes in the PJM markets. These were offset somewhat by favorable settlement of an outstanding California power rate dispute.  Given the wind down of our legacy trading operations, we no longer needed our NYMEX seats and associated shares. So we sold them this quarter for a gain of $23 million, which is also reflected in EBIT for the Marketing segment.  Slide 12 summarizes the balance of our 2007 hedge program. In short, the remaining program includes a 112 TBtu with an average floor price of $7.70 per MMBtu with a ceiling of $11.52 on 57 TBtu. The balance of our production is uncapped to the upside.  We continue to monitor the natural gas market and during the quarter we added to our 2008 hedge program, which is summarized on slide 13. Since our first quarter earnings call, we added 31 TBtu of 8 by $12 collars and 18 TBtu of $8.24 fixed price swaps to our 2008 hedge program. So in total for 2008, we have 116 TBtu floor on our domestic gas production at an average price of over $7.50 with quite a bit of upside given our $10.92 ceilings.  To put this in context, at the beginning of 2007, we had 222 TBtu hedge attributable to 2007 production volumes. Based on our current 2008 hedge positions, we have more than 50% of the amount hedged in 2007 hedge for 2008. We'll continue to be opportunistic on our hedging program with the goal of providing downside protection on the significant portion of our 2008 production, while leaving significant amount of upside.  We are busy in the financing arena this quarter. Some of the highlights are summarized on slide 14. We've finished the quarter with net debt totaling $11.6 billion. As we've discussed earlier, interest expense is down 27% compared to last year. We refinanced our last remaining non-investment grade indenture at El Paso Exploration & Production Company with an El Paso corporate investment grade indenture and a roughly 75 basis point savings. We also completed investment grade bond offering at EPNG, significantly reducing rates and we added to liquidity through $150 million unsecured facility that we'll upside as needed throughout the year.  Also, given the finances we have already made... we've completed this year and our current maturity profile, we don't anticipate the need to access the debt capital markets until well into 2008. So next, Jim Yardley will put some color on the Pipeline results. 
James C. Yardley - President, Southern Pipeline Group: Thank you Mark. On slide 16, the Pipeline Group had a strong second quarter. Financially, our EBIT is up 11% from last year's second quarter and we are on target for the year. Operationally, we are seeing strong buying growth across our pipes, and on our $2 billion backlog of growth projects, they are advancing nicely towards in-service and we see more opportunities on the way.  On chart 17 on the financials, the pipes has an excellent second quarter and first half. EBIT is up $32 million compared to the second quarter of 2006 and $50 million compared to the first half of last year. This is all after a record year in 2006 in which EBIT increased 28% from 2005. So this second quarter is the latest in a string of quarters with consistent and outstanding performance for the pipes. The quarter-to-quarter increase in EBIT is due primarily to higher revenues. First, from increased usage and capacity sales on TGP and CIG, and second, from expansions on SNG, CIG, and TGP.  We also benefited from lower hurricane-related expenses in 2007 as compared to 2006. Our capital expenditure, CapEx, were lower in the second quarter of 2007, but most of this is due to higher hurricane-relating capital in 2006.  Finally, throughput is solidly, and the next chart looks at this more closely. On slide 18, you can see where our throughput growth in 2007 is coming from. A lot of this growth is in the Rockies. We have seen higher supply-driven throughput on CIG and our other Rockies pipelines, mostly from expansions. Also, higher demand-related throughput due to colder winter weather along the front range. We have also seen higher throughput in the Southeast on SNG, mostly due to power gen. In the Southeast, the temperatures have not been particularly severe, not overly cold in the first quarter, nor hot so far in the summer at least until the last couple of days. This increase in Southeast and power gen load is somewhat due to the drought there, that is curtailed hydro power, but it's also due simply to the growth in electricity demand with the majority of this growth going to gas-fired plants. Overall, a 7% increase year-to-date across our pipes, which is a significant increase in the pipeline business.  On slide 19, turning to growth projects, this shows that we are in the midst of a significant construction program this year and into early 2008. We have recently placed two projects in service, the Cypress pipeline from Elba Island to Northern Florida went in service on time and budget in May. It's already running at capacity nearly every day, primarily providing supply for power gens in Florida. And second, our Louisiana Deepwater Link was completed in July. This is the shallow water connection in to TGP from the deepwater Independence hub and Enterprise's Independence Trail deepwater pipeline from the hub.  As you may be aware, the Independence hub is located in 8,000 feet of water. Production has started and has planned to ramp up toward 1 Bcf a day. All this gas will come in to TGP, our 500 line through the Deepwater Link.  And as you can see, we have a number of projects under construction now. As Doug said, we will be placing in service essentially one project every month for the next several months through the first quarter of next year. Three of these are in the Rockies, two in the Northeast, and one each in Mexico and the Gulf of Mexico.  On slide 20, this is a summary of progress on growth projects that have not quite reached the construction phase or had just started construction. We talked at the analyst conference back in February about our $2 billion backlog of committed growth projects. Committed in that these projects are essentially fully contractive long term. This slide shows projects in the backlog that have achieved key milestones recently as we moved them toward construction.  First, we have added three new projects to the backlog since the beginning of the year by executing long-term precedent agreements with shippers. The first two are for power gens including the large one on SNG for a Southern company plant in Georgia, and the third the Medicine Bow project is another Rockies expansion, this one out of the Powder River, primarily for Anadarko and Williams.  We have also made progress in moving other projects through the regulatory approval process. We made certificate filings on three projects and received final FERC certificates on two others that have now moved in to constructions. All five of these are Rockies projects. I will talk more about one of these, the Kanda Lateral, on the next slide.  So the point of this slide and the prior one is to remind you that we have a sizeable backlog. We will be regularly placing some of these projects and service over the next several months. We are making steady progress on others behind them in the queue, and we are adding new projects to the backlog.  On slide 21, on last quarter's call, we highlighted one of our growth projects, the Cypress pipeline that had just gone in service. On this slide, this quarter I would like to do the same for another of our projects, the Kanda Lateral. It's a new 124 mile 24 inch pipeline from Wyoming Interstate's mainline sub to Uinta basin in Eastern Utah. We just started constructing the Kanda Lateral last month using one construction spread that will build from south to north. We will also add compression at Wamsutter. We expect to have the project in service no later than January 2008 and when complete we will transport gas for Anadarko under a 15-year contract.  Kanda is typical of several of our recent intra-Rockies expansions and others to come. Intra-Rockies in that these expansions increase takeaway capacity from various growing basins in the Rockies such as the Penance, Powder River, and in Kanda's case the Uinta. These expansions transport the gas primarily to one of the Rockies hubs, either Cheyenne or Opal for export beyond. The capacity of the expansions is essentially fully subscribed and generally they are easily expandable with further compression.  By the end of 2008, we will have completed 10 sizable expansion projects in the Rockies over a 4-year period. Very simply we have been able to capitalize on Rockies supply growth through a significant footprint there with CIG, Wick and Cheyenne plains. Over that period, we will have invested over $900 million in Rockies-related pipeline projects and expanded capacity by 3 Bcf a day, either basin takeaway capacity or export capacity out of the Rockies.  In summary, on slide 22, the pipes are having another outstanding year and we are delivering on our $2 billion of committed growth projects, and have more under development. We continue to see clearly the need for additional pipeline infrastructure and we are well positioned with our extensive market and supply connectively to capitalize on these opportunities.  And now I will turn it over to Brent to review E&P. 
Brent J. Smolik - President El Paso Exploration & Production Company: Thanks Jim and good morning everyone. As you know, E&P is very focused on improving our performance and made good progress in the second quarter. Let me start on slide 24. I am pleased to report we had strong second quarter production averaging 850 million a day equivalence and that includes our proportionate share of Four Star, and that's about a 5% step up for the quarter and about a 9% increase over Q2 of 2006.  Our capital program is on target with more than 350 wells drilled in the first half of the year and that's about 55% of what we expected for our total year capital program. And remember that that number reflects a significant step-up in activity of about 8% versus the first half of 2006.  In Brazil, and that's an area that we expect to have long term growth, we continued our drilling operations in our Pinauna project during the quarter, and Bia, which is our second Brazil project that Doug referenced operated by Petrobras was declared a discovery back in April. And also in the second quarter, we continued our Q1 safety success by not incurring an employee injury for 131 consecutive days, and our employee recordable incidence rate for the first half of the year was about 0.45. So to put that in perspective for you, that's about half of the average recordable incident rate for similar-sized independent E&P companies from the data from 2006; and I believe that safety is an important evidence of operational excellence and I am pleased that we are achieving top industry performance in that area.  Moving to slide 25, the E&P segment reported EBIT for the quarter of $235 million versus $163 million for the same period last year. The increase is primarily due to increased production and higher natural gas prices. And as Mark noted, we have an effective hedge position in place and those hedges helped us to the tune of about $0.50 per Mcfe in our realized natural gas price.  Cash cost increased about $0.06 versus 2006. So I'll provide some more color in that area in just a few slides. Total CapEx for the quarter totaled $399 million and that included about $16 million of acquisition costs and it had significant activity increases as year-over-year and they are particularly in Brazil related to our three exploration wells, that was about $40 million and higher TGC spending due to our increased activity levels associated with the acquisition in January, that we closed in January. That was about $30 million increase, but all related to increased activity.  While we have successfully increased our activity levels and therefore our CapEx costs versus 2006, we still expect to be on track with our $1.7 billion full year estimate. Now on slide 26 is the break down of volumes by region. We averaged almost 860 million a day for the second quarter and that's the first time that we've performed at that level in three years, all the way back to Q1 of 2004.  Onshore division, inclusive of Four Star equity interest, continued its strong performance by achieving a 12th straight quarter of production growth. They are producing now about 439 million a day for the quarter, which is about a 7% step up over Q2 of 2006. And that division has now shown the ability to scale up operations and grow volumes more than about 215 million a day in total and we have grown every quarter since the second quarter of 2004.  Also, noteworthy in that division is grown organically just from the drill bit more than 85 million a day since the acquisition of Medicine Bow in 2005. South Texas has grown by volume increasing by about 7% over last quarter and about 8% over Q2 of 2006. That production step up in the second quarter is due to improved acquisition volumes and then better than the expected performance in two of our South Texas fields, Thompson and Jeffries. And as I noted on our first quarter call, we expected the Gulf of Mexico division to rebound in the second quarter and it did. So, the Gulf of Mexico team completed the installation of three facilities and added net production of approximately 45 million a day in June, and I will provide you a little bit more detail on that in a later slide.  In International, we basically held flat since we had the interest reversion in Brazil at the Fiscana Ariviana [ph] field in the first quarter of 2006.  If you turn to slide 27, I will give you an update on our full year production outlook. First half, let me say that we will deliver on our commitment to produce the 800 million to 860 million a day range of equivalent volumes and I believe that's a necessary step for the E&P organization to continue to build our creditability. With six months under our belt and a pretty good visibility for much of the remainder of the year, we have raised the low end of our target range. So we are now guiding to a range of 820 million to 860 million a day. So you can see that we expect second quarter to be the peak production period for the year, unless we have some exceptional results in some of our more active drilling programs.  The large source of that second quarter growth came from the Gulf of Mexico and going forward we expect Gulf of Mexico to decline some and we will continue our off-platform drilling and our re-completion and our workover activities, but like the first quarter, we don't have any new platform installations planned for the second half of 2007. And as a reminder, with our current asset mix, we plan to generally keep Gulf of Mexico, South Louisiana in that 175 million to 200 million a day range.  Offshore division is going to continue to deliver predictable steady organic growth and we expect South Texas to continue to grow as volumes from our drilling and re-completion programs continue to exceed the declines in South Texas.  On Slide 28, we have shown the full year 2006 cash cost and then the first two quarters of 2007. Cash costs were $1.92 for the quarter, that's a decrease of about $0.07 from last quarter, but an increase of about $0.06 from the full year 2006 averages. Our G&A unit costs were about $0.68, which is a decrease of about a penny from last quarter and a $0.09 increase over 2006. About half of that increase from 2006 is related to the restructuring of our marketing support functions and moving many of the marketing employees to the E&P company. The other portion is primarily related to higher staffing levels in general, as we increase our activity levels.  Severance tax, unit costs were $0.33, that's an increase of about a penny from last quarter $0.04 from the 2006 average. That increase is really due to the aggregate production tax rates were lower last year and we had higher tax credits realized in 2006. I am pleased to report that we have seen real progress though in the largest component of our cost structure which is direct lifting cost. This is especially pleasing since we are seeing higher lifting across... lifting costs kind of across the board for our industry peers.  We were at $0.85 in the second quarter, that's a decrease of about 11% from last quarter and from the full year of 2006 average. It's due to a couple of things; the overall focus that we've had on LOE some lower hurricane-related costs, and a decrease in our workover activity. And while the workover costs have moderated from the first quarter of this year and from 2006 levels, we are still doing all the workover projects that we need to preserve the value of our base production. For the full year, we expect the total cost to range from about $1.85 to $2 an Mcfe for the full year.  Turning to slide 29, as I mentioned, our capital program is on track. Despite some winter weather challenges that we had in the first quarter and some rain and the wet weather that we had in the second quarter, we drilled more than 350 gross wells in the first six months of the year and we had a 97% overall success rate. And that compares to about 330 gross wells that we drilled in the same period for 2006. In the first half of '07, we drilled 42 gross wells in South Texas with a 90% success rate. And onshore division, we continued great performance there drilling 306 wells with 100% success rate. We've completed all of them.  And then included in our year-to-date performance onshore, we've accelerated some of our architects [ph] drilling program, and we've completed the 2007 oil program drilling in Wyoming. Unfortunately, in the Gulf of Mexico, South Louisiana division, we were just 3 of 8 in drilling success for the first half of 2007, but the most significant progress here was bringing on four high volume wells in Q2 in the High Island and the West Cameron areas, and going forward we expect to drill kind of two to three wells per quarter for the remainder of the year.  So in aggregate, our activity levels are on track and we continue to build on the kind of repeatable, predictable programs that give us confidence in our ability to grow with the drill bit.  Turning to slide 30, I want to highlight those three Gulf of Mexico platforms that we've brought online in the quarter. The High Island 351 and West Cam 132, and West Cameron 95; those installations all occurred in about a one-month span in May and June, and the combined June production from those platforms is about 42 million a day net or about 65 million a day gross. The largest contributor of the three is High Island 351 platform, which brought on an incremental 34 million a day net to the company. And that's by the way the largest producing discovery for El Paso from this division since West Cam 62 and 75 came online in May of last year; and that was producing about 20 million a day when it came online.  On slide 31, I want to update you on the progress we are making on two the exploration wells in our Pinauna project in Brazil. Those are Cacau and Acai. We've drilled part of the target surgery section in the Cacau well and we are currently drilling in the target zone in the Acai well. And our plans are to continue drilling and evaluating both of those wells in the third quarter. So we should have some news relatively seeing on those.  Remember, the objective of those wells is to prove the upside... exploration upside potential in the Pinauna project and the wells have the potential to extend the field aerially and find a lower oil water contact for the field. And also, remember, we got about over 100 million barrels equivalent of un-booked resource potential here, and again, so we will know about that resource size, more about it soon.  Also, we announced earlier in the year that we are planning to sell 50% non-operating interest in the project. We've begun that process and we are targeting completion of the sale in the first quarter of 2008.  Turning to slide 32, I also want to update you on the Bia well. This is the 35% El Paso working interest well that we are currently drilling with Petrobras. As I said earlier, Petrobras announced the discovery of Bia, that's the ES 168 well in April, and since then we have jointly agree to drill an additional delineation or appraisal well to test the structure even further to the north on the same block that we jointly held with Petrobras and we have agreed to move to that well next with the same rig that's currently testing the Bia well.  Now turning to slide 33. In the Analyst Day this February, I stressed the importance of improving our capital efficiency and our operating efficiencies, and providing greater visibility in to our future growth. Improving on our portfolio is an important step in that direction. So in the second quarter, we took a very in-depth look at all the fields within the region so that we could determine where we are competitively advantaged. The key criteria that we focused on included the depth and quality of our inventory, the cost structure, the reserve life, and our technical competencies. And we completed a pretty thorough review of all the assets and we have identified all the areas where we think we're advantaged going forward. Incidentally, this process along with our normal project inventory reviews is going to help us to characterize our unproven reserves, this is kind of a side benefit. Remember, we don't utilize the probable and possible naming convention for our inventory, but in the process, we think we have determined to better way to characterize our unproven resources the next time that we do a full update.  Divesting of the none-core assets is going to definitely allow us to improve our focus on the remaining portfolio, and all that means is that we will retain most of our strong onshore assets and we will retain key Gulf of Mexico and South Texas assets. And at the same time, consistent with our past practices, we will continue to look for acquisition opportunities that will even further enhance the portfolio.  Slide 34 gives you a summary of the process and some of the sizing details of the divest best packages. In addition to the Pinauna sell down in Brazil, the domestic divestitures will range somewhere between 220 to 270 Bcf or up to about 10% of our total reserves as of the beginning of 2007.  The package is weighted towards our Gulf of Mexico and South Texas properties because generally those are the most developed, highest decline, shortest reserve life portion of the portfolio, but the packages will also include properties from our onshore division that we feel may no longer meet the portfolio needs.  The marketing process will begin soon. Our intent is to market the Gulf of Mexico and South Texas and the various onshore ES properties separately. We believe that that grouping allows us to maintain the most flexibility in terms of timing and rolling the packages out, and it allows to customize the packages to fit the logical buyers. And the lastly, we are targeting closing the transactions by the first quarter of the next year.  So, on last slide, 35, again, I am pleased with the second quarter results for E&T. Year-to-date production in the remaining capital program volumes give me confidence that we will deliver on our new guidance of 820 days 860. The capital program is on track with higher activity levels, higher than 2006 and slightly ahead of our current year plan. We are stating to see improvement in our cash costs and we will continue to focus on that area going forward. And we are making important progress on our exploration projects in Brazil. And maybe most importantly, we started the process of high-grading our portfolio process that I believe over time will improve our business metrics and is also going to improve our growth story over time.  With that, I will turn it back to Doug for closing comments. 
Douglas L. Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Brent. We've tried to show you this morning a glimpse of the kind of performance we are capable of. As we move into the second half of 2007, we see great reasons for optimism. We expect to complete the IPO of a larger MLP, which, as we stated back in February, will bring new opportunities to El Paso Corporation. Both businesses are running well and we expect that to continue in the second half of the year and provide some real momentum for us going into 2008. We will have more news on an exciting exploration program in Brazil in the second half. We expect to report on more growth projects in the pipes in the second half. And as a reminder, we have a significant amount of gas price protection employees for the balance of this year and in to 2008. And with that, we will turn it over to your questions this morning.  Question And Answer 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question is from Carl Kirst with Credit Suisse. 
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse: Hi good morning everybody. 
Douglas L. Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Carl. 
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse: Just a clarification first off on Pinauna, the evaluation date that is coming at the end of September, if it's material, is it something that you guys would press release or we are going to have to be waiting for the third quarter call in November? 
Douglas L. Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer: We will likely report on that in advance of the third quarter. 
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse: Okay, great, thanks. The real question that I was kind of looking at here certainly with the upsize of the MLP, perhaps the asset sales... reserve asset sales, in the first quarter we could be seeing basically $1 billion here being raised, in that timeframe, I was kind of under the impression that with the pipelines getting back to investment grade, we are relatively comfortable with where the balance sheet stands today. Can you give us any color as to what perhaps your first use of proceeds might be? 
Douglas L. Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's pretty difficult to give you a picture of where we are going to be when we actually get those proceeds, but I think consistent with what we've said in the past sort of for the first time in a very long time, we have more than one option. We will certainly consider improving our balance sheet if we think that makes sense. We will continue to look at acquisitions and we have a significant amount of growth projects that aren't ready yet for primetime that could materialize by then. So I think it's going to depend on where we are at the time. 
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse: Okay, fair enough. Just as kind of a subset of that question, as far as some of the options and really going to speaks some more to question of intent, with respect to selling the reserves in the Gulf, South Texas, the various onshore, is the idea to... or do we have a stated idea to take those proceeds and specifically reinvest back in those areas or shift away from those areas or is it kind of more speaking to the broader question, Doug, where basically you just now had a lot of opportunities to assess? 
Douglas L. Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I guess... I am going to let Brent answer the question about where we look to invest in E&P, but I would say, as we have done historically, cash that gets generated by the business units gets brought up to the holding company and it's fungible. So we will make the best decisions for the cooperation at the time. Now having said that, I want to give Brent an opportunity to talk about where we look to grow. 
Brent J. Smolik - President El Paso Exploration & Production Company: Yes, Carl, if you go back to the criteria for the divestiture, we are keeping the places where we have highest quality inventory and large amount of it, and some of those are in the Gulf of Mexico and South Texas areas where we have got quite a lot of inventory yet. So we will continue to reinvest back in those areas. And then you have seen from our recent past behavior, we did an acquisition in South Texas last year, closed in January, and so we'd continue to look for those kind of opportunities in the areas where we think we are advantaged or we think they are core to us. 
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse: Great, thanks. I will jump back in the queue. 
Douglas L. Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. 
Operator: Your next question is from Rick Gross with Lehman brothers. 
Richard Gross - Lehman Brothers: Good morning. I just want to follow-up on the Bio prospect. Could you tell us what the status of 168 is, is it still drilling, is it TD, is it testing, where are we in that whole timeframe? 
Douglas L. Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we have completed drilling and we are in the testing phase. 
Richard Gross - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And in that context, how long before we... what's the timeframe for the rig move north? 
Douglas L. Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer: It will be fairly short. I don't know about the exact time. We are within... in a month we would be ready to probably finish up and move. And we will be a bit at Petrobras' mercy on when we talk about it... the results of it. 
Richard Gross - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Trying to put words in your mouth, can we read anything positive from the implication of your moving north onto your properties as far as drilling the next delineation well and implications on unitization? 
Douglas L. Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we don't own anything in the block to the south. So all... I don't mean to be flippant, but north is good. And I meant to imply that. And then also the fact that you can read into, we have been on this for a while. So, we are gathering a lot of data on the well that we are on. 
Richard Gross - Lehman Brothers: And then how far north? 
Douglas L. Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer: We don't have the exact final location yet, but it's a bigger step out than the current two wells, would be the way to think of it. 
Richard Gross - Lehman Brothers: And the distance between the current two wells, to refresh my memory? 
Douglas L. Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer: We are only three miles. 
Richard Gross - Lehman Brothers: Okay, great, thank you. 
Operator: The next question is from Faisel Khan with Citigroup. 
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Good morning. 
Douglas L. Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Faisel. 
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: How you doing? On TGP, with Independence hub coming online into your pipeline system; what does that mean for the volumes farther north? Does that mean that you can pickup some incremental business on any excess capacity you might have? 
James C. Yardley - President, Southern Pipeline Group: We could; it's... that could happen. The more likely thing that will happen is the TGP will become a supply distributor of that gas into other pipes, whether going to FGT or SNG or third party pipes. But in either case, whether it stays in the supply area, into other pipes or goes further north, it's nice incremental revenue for TGP. 
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And then on the pipe segment, just looking at the incremental growth in profit quarter-over-quarter, what's driving the higher equity earnings? I've forgot what was the changeover last year, is that $42 million in equity earnings over income compared to last year's about $35 million? 
D. Mark Leland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, you are aware that we've had a settlement in the first quarter on some litigation with Duke at Citrus. 
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. 
D. Mark Leland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Related to an old gas supply contract. That is probably primarily a -- 
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay, okay, got you. And then in terms of the strategy on the MLP for the pipeline, do you think that the MLP will be used more for kind of growth... dropping assets into the structure or growing the assets organically at the structure? And how do you think that will affect your ability to compete with other pipeline projects out there? 
Douglas L. Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. We would... that's a question that obviously we would love to answer, but as I mentioned on the call, the General Counsel still hovers over my shoulder with the duck tape. So, because we are in a quite period, we are just not going to be able to comment. 
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Got you, sorry about that. In terms of the... I missed the amount of debt cash you said you have on your balance sheet at the end of the quarter? 
D. Mark Leland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's $11.6 billion net debt and I think about $300 million cash. The Q will be filed a little bit later today and you will have all that on that. 
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And then when we are looking at the cash flow and CapEx from E&P, if you break that out for the first six months, will you basically be cash flow positive or cash flow neutral at the E&P company excluding acquisitions? 
Douglas L. Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer: Excluding acquisitions, we are cash flow positive. 
D. Mark Leland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. 
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And can you describe a little bit what's going on with... what's driving the onshore growth? Is it one particular basin or is it all your assets onshore that are driving king of your 10% year-over-year growth? 
Douglas L. Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer: The good news is, it's just about across the board, and that's the only place East Texas is doing well, but about only place we don't have growth is at Raton and that's only because those are CBM wells that have to respond over time. And we have drilled a bunch of that program and we are in the completion phase on about half of it. And so, it's going to respond in the second half, but almost every other region in the Gulf and the onshore division has grown this year. 
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay and then one last question on the targeted sale of some of your properties, how much production would you be targeting on the sale? I know you talked about the actual reserves, but -- 
Douglas L. Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we haven't announced production yet. Part of that's because if you saw the range of reserves, we are in that 220 to 270B range. So as we finalize those packages, our plan is to put those out with each of the divestiture package. 
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay, great. Thanks for time guys. 
Douglas L. Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question is from Carol Coale with SMH Capital. 
Carol Coale - Sanders Morris Harris: Hi, good morning. 
Douglas L. Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Carol. 
Carol Coale - Sanders Morris Harris: Hi. Given the recent term loan in the credit market, I realize it's going to be hard to determine what the fourth quarter will look like. But I was just wondering if the recent events would effect how you might capitalize the MLP? 
D. Mark Leland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I don't think... while we are still in the quiet period, we can't talk a lot about how... what we are planning for the MLP. We are very comfortable with our position and our plans with the capital market as they stand right today. 
Carol Coale - Sanders Morris Harris: Okay. And then just I guess more broadly, I heard you mention earlier that you didn't have any plans to go to the debt market for additional capital in 2008. And so, what I interpret that to mean is that credit market wouldn't have any effect on your future financing decisions at the parent either? 
D. Mark Leland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Correct. What I was implying was that we... given our maturity profile, we don't foresee any to go to that debt capital markets into well into 2008, which means we have got some minor maturities coming up that we can just hang around operating cash flow, and then later in the year we have some larger maturities that we will just plan to refinance and that's -- 
Douglas L. Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer: Later 2008. 
D. Mark Leland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Later 2008. So that's... we've got a yearish kind of window here to just to sit tight. 
Carol Coale - Sanders Morris Harris: Thanks. Okay, that's clear. Okay, thank you, that's what I had. 
Douglas L. Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Carol. 
Operator: Your next question is from Nathan Judge with Atlantic Equities. 
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Hi, good morning. I just wanted to ask what your dry hole costs year-to-date have been so far and I realize that you capitalize them, but what that would have ranged? 
Douglas L. Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer: Let us dig a bit Nathan. We should have it in here, but let us dig a bit on that. About the only place that it's going to be is Gulf of Mexico and the total in the Gulf of Mexico for the first half was those 5 wells, and those 5 wells is less than $30 million. And I think the only other place that don't have in my memory is the TGC piece, and it's only going to be a couple of wells as well. And so total, total is going to be less than $40 million. 
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Are you still pursuing ventures where you are joined up with partners where they are taking you to the casing point? 
Douglas L. Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. 
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Okay. Could you update on the New Albany Shale? 
Brent J. Smolik - President El Paso Exploration & Production Company: Unfortunately we are still in the same place that we talked about in February and on the last call. We have got a handful of wells yet to drill that are testing multilaterals, the ones we call pitchforks, we have three laterals and one well, and they were testing different kinds of stimulation techniques on both the single horizontal laterals and multilaterals to be able to see if we can decide for the technique... the right completion techniques. And then end of third quarter is when we set our internal deadline to stop, reassess everything that we have collected data-wise and make a go or no go decision on it. So we are in that phase of gathering and testing. 
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: When would we hear when you will make a decision on that? 
Brent J. Smolik - President El Paso Exploration & Production Company: We could be able to finalize at the end of the year... by the end of the year. 
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Okay. And just on Egypt, can you just give us an update there? 
Brent J. Smolik - President El Paso Exploration & Production Company: Yes, just didn't mention on the call, the main thing that we have done is we've shot an aeromag survey over a large portion of the block, which is good news. And then we have gone out for tender on the... on a 3D survey, that's over the most prospective part of the block that we think we are going to be able to get shot later this year, if not it will be early the following year and it's really just a function of if the winning crews are in country or out of country. 
Douglas L. Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer: We have also hired a very experienced country manager opened our office and built staff. 
Brent J. Smolik - President El Paso Exploration & Production Company: Yes, we are up to a little over a dozen employees now in the office and we are actively growing that division to be able to get ready for operations. 
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Is this a 2008 drilling program or is this further out? 
Brent J. Smolik - President El Paso Exploration & Production Company: We have more time than that on the contract, but if the 3D is all stacked up in sequence, if the 3D survey happens like this year, then we will be in a very good position to be able to drill next year. That will give us plenty of time to acquire process, interpret, pick the location, get approvals and then spud. And so, we are currently looking at rigs and equipment right now and anticipating of being able to drill late next year. 
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Thank you. And then just finally on the last question on pipeline, you have obviously given us new precedent agreements, and I need to check to make sure that this necessarily wasn't in your past presentations, but if you look at kind of your backlog and you look at your projected growth rate, how do they stack up relative to your expectations at the beginning of the year? 
James C. Yardley - President, Southern Pipeline Group: Right on the mark. The... if the... first of all, on the backlog, the actual backlog when we talked back in February was $2.3 billion and we've... so we have added some projects and we delivered on some projects, the ones that we have the Cypress project as well as Deepwater and [indiscernible] backlog, but the backlog is still over $2 billion. And in terms of expectations with respect to new precedent agreements, primarily with that Southern company deal, we are right on the mark with respect to what we expected to come in with this year. Finally, as Doug mentioned, we have some nice prospects for additional projects that were not contemplated in the plan. 
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Thank you very much. 
Douglas L. Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Nathan. 
Operator: The next question is from Mark Caruso [ph] with Millennium. 
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, guys nice job on the quarter. A quick question as far as your MLP strategy goes in general. Looking out on the E&P side, you guys are high-grading your portfolio and as far as looking at acquisitions, there is more and more competition from MLPs. Is that something that you guys are open to on the E&P side? 
Brent J. Smolik - President El Paso Exploration & Production Company: Yes, we have not really spent a lot of time on E&P MLPs. And so that's not some thing you should anticipate any kind of an announcement from us on, certainly in 2007. 
Unidentified Analyst: And then as far as in Brazil, for the update, I know you are quite limited as far as what PBR allows you to say, but will we get a pretty meaningful update as far as qualifying the play there after the appraisal wells drilling [indiscernible] 
Brent J. Smolik - President El Paso Exploration & Production Company: We will see. Again, they are kind of in the driver's seat on the announcement there and they have already made the announcement to affirm their previous announcement based on the block to the south. And the only real new information we will get is the test data and we have already gotten log type test. So that's not going to be that much new information, so may be after the appraisal well before we get really meaningful update on that, the next well. 
Unidentified Analyst: Got you. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question is from Rebecca Followill with Pickering Energy Partners. 
Rebecca Followill - Pickering Energy Partners: Good morning. Brent, you talked where you were talking about on high-grading the portfolio and some work that you are doing that have might have implications for your technically mature and technically immature reserves, and the way that you look at those, can you give us some more color on what you are talking about and when you do, when would you do your next release of what you think those reserves are? 
Brent J. Smolik - President El Paso Exploration & Production Company: W have had a release schedule right now, Rebecca. We work to figure out the right, best time to do that. But what we are talking about is the P2, P3 designations seem less useful to everyone, then characterizing them by which ones look like gas manufacturing unconventional resource type plays, which of them look like very repetitive, but more risky plays that we can describe risk on, and which ones look like real exploration. And so, I think what we've... as we worked through this divestiture work and as we've worked through the inventory updates through this summer, spring and summer, we've started to quantify in that way internally. So, it's starting to become clear to me that there is a way to describe these things that's useful for everyone else externally and useful for us internally for planning. So that's the gist of it, get it down to where we can explain them in terms of these look like gas everywhere, gas manufacturing, no geologic risk to the ones that look like. South Texas and East Texas look different and then ultimately the international Gulf of Mexico, other exploration areas look different. 
Rebecca Followill - Pickering Energy Partners: Is this something... I mean, not to push you on a date, but this is something that would likely that you she would come out with year-end; would that be a good time to do it? 
Brent J. Smolik - President El Paso Exploration & Production Company: We could either do it on a quarter call, but it's awfully hard to get through something like that. Maybe more likely we'll do it in the annual meeting next year. 
Rebecca Followill - Pickering Energy Partners: Okay, thank you. 
Douglas L. Foshee - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Becca. 
Operator: The next question is a follow-up from Carl Kirst with Credit Suisse. 
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse: Hey, sorry, just two quick follow-ups. With respect to the New Albany, was it ever quantified or could you quantify what the New Albany was with respect to the 2.5Ts of the non-proved risk reserves? 
Brent J. Smolik - President El Paso Exploration & Production Company: It's a small piece, we didn't count any inventory in there yet because we were still in that pilot phase. So it's relatively immaterial. I don't remember if we put it in that analyst slide, but if we did it was less than 100 Bs for sure, probably 56, 57. 
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you. And just second, Jim, we have been talking more this summer about more takeaway pipeline capacity out of the Rockies, may be 2011ish timeframe. Have we moved to the point where we are actually in kind of serious conversations with producers to revive the continental connector project, would it actually be kind of a new project, new route, if you will? 
James C. Yardley - President, Southern Pipeline Group: I think our general conclusion on the Rockies is that in that timeframe 11, 12, 13, somewhere in there looks to us as though there will be a need for additional export capacity out of the Rockies and it's not clear at this point whether that means expansions of Rex [ph], expansions of Cheyenne, expansions of something else or new Greenfield. 
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse: Okay, fair enough, thank you. 
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I would like to turn the conference back to Mr. Connery for any closing remarks. 
Bruce L. Connery - Vice President of Investor and Public Relations: We very much appreciate you joining the call and if you have any follow up questions, just please give a call. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's El Paso Corporation second quarter 2007 earnings conference call. You may disconnect at this time.
